--- Page 1 ---
i 
 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 18 December 2020 
 
CITIGROUP INC. 
(incorporated in Delaware) 
and 
CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS HOLDINGS INC. 
(a corporation duly incorporated and existing under the laws of the state of New York) 
and 
CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS FUNDING LUXEMBOURG S.C.A. 
(incorporated as a corporate partnership limited by shares (société en commandite par actions) 
under Luxembourg law, with registered office at 31 - Z.A. Bourmicht, L-8070 Bertrange, 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and registered with the Register of Trade and Companies of 
Luxembourg (Registre de commerce et des sociétés, Luxembourg) under number B 169.199) 
 
each an issuer under the 
Citi U.S.$60,000,000,000 Global Medium Term Note Programme 
Securities issued by Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. only will be unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed by 
CITIGROUP INC. 
(incorporated in Delaware) 
Securities issued by Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. only will be 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by 
CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS LIMITED 
(incorporated in England and Wales) 
 
INTRODUCTION TO THIS DOCUMENT 
What is this document? 
This document (the Base Prospectus) constitutes a "base prospectus" for the purposes of Article 8 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council (as amended, the Prospectus 
Regulation) and relates to the Global Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme). This Base 
Prospectus is valid for 12 months after its approval and may be supplemented from time to time to reflect 
any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the information included in it. 
The aggregate principal amount of securities outstanding under the Programme will not at any time 
exceed U.S.$60,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies), subject to any increase or decrease 
as described in this Base Prospectus. This Base Prospectus supersedes and replaces in its entirety the 
Base Prospectus dated 8 May 2020. This does not affect any Securities issued prior to the date of this 
Base Prospectus. 
How do I use this Base Prospectus? 
This Base Prospectus (which includes information incorporated by reference) is intended to provide you 
with information necessary to enable you to make an informed investment decision before purchasing 
any Securities (as defined in Section G.1 below). 
The contractual terms of any particular issuance of Securities will comprise the General Conditions of 
the Securities (see Section G.1 below) together with the additional terms and conditions (see Section G.2

--- Page 2 ---
ii 
 
below) set out in the section of this Base Prospectus entitled the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions 
of the Securities" and if the Securities are linked to: 
(a) 
one or more security indices, the section of this Base Prospectus entitled "Underlying Schedule 
1 (Security Index Conditions)"; 
(b) 
one or more inflation indices, the section of this Base Prospectus entitled "Underlying Schedule 
2 (Inflation Index Conditions)"; 
(c) 
one or more commodity indices, the section of this Base Prospectus entitled "Underlying 
Schedule 3 (Commodity Index Conditions)"; 
(d) 
one or more commodities, the section of this Base Prospectus entitled "Underlying Schedule 4 
(Commodity Conditions)"; 
(e) 
one or more shares, the section of this Base Prospectus entitled "Underlying Schedule 5 (Share 
Conditions)"; 
(f) 
one or more depositary receipts, the section of this Base Prospectus entitled "Underlying 
Schedule 6 (Depositary Receipt Conditions)"; 
(g) 
one or more exchange traded fund (ETF) shares, the section of this Base Prospectus entitled 
"Underlying Schedule 7 (Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Share Conditions)"; 
(h) 
one or more mutual funds, the section of this Base Prospectus entitled "Underlying Schedule 8 
(Mutual Fund Conditions)"; 
(i) 
one or more currency exchange rates, the section of this Base Prospectus entitled "Underlying 
Schedule 9 (FX Rate Conditions)"; 
(j) 
one or more warrants, the section of this Base Prospectus entitled "Underlying Schedule 10 
(Warrant Conditions)"; 
(k) 
one or more proprietary indices, the section of this Base Prospectus entitled "Underlying 
Schedule 11 (Proprietary Index Conditions)"; 
(l) 
one or more Dividend Futures Contracts, the section of this Base Prospectus entitled 
"Underlying Schedule 12 (Dividend Futures Contract Conditions)"; 
(m) 
one or more rates, the section of this Base Prospectus entitled "Underlying Schedule 13 (Rate 
Conditions)";  
(n) 
one or more preference shares, the section of this Base Prospectus entitled "Underlying Schedule 
14 (Preference Share Conditions)"; 
(o) 
the credit of one or more specified entities, the section of this Base Prospectus entitled 
"Underlying Schedule 15 (Credit Linked Conditions)"; and 
(p) 
a package skew position comprising (i) an index untranched credit derivative transaction and 
(ii) a set of single name credit derivative transactions (with each single name transaction 
corresponding to an underlying reference entity constituent of the corresponding index 
transaction) where (i) and (ii) have equal and offsetting positions and result in no payment, other 
than in the event of an early redemption (such Securities may or may not bear interest), the 
section of this Base Prospectus entitled "Underlying Schedule 16 (Index Skew Conditions)", 
and, in relation to any tranche of Securities, as completed or supplemented, replaced and/or modified, as 
applicable, by the information set out in the applicable Issue Terms (as described in "What are Issue 
Terms" below). 
This Base Prospectus also includes other general information such as: 
(a) 
the principal risks the Issuer (as defined below) and (if applicable) the Guarantor (as defined 
below) believe to be inherent in investing in the Securities;

--- Page 3 ---
iii 
 
(b) 
information relating to the Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor; 
(c) 
information relating to the Programme and the Securities; 
(d) 
information on transfer and selling restrictions; and 
(e) 
taxation considerations. 
All capitalised terms used will be defined in this Base Prospectus or the Issue Terms and are referenced 
in the Index of Defined Terms. 
You should read this Base Prospectus, the information incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus from such other documents and the applicable Issue Terms. 
What are Issue Terms? 
Issue Terms means, when it relates to: 
(a) 
Securities which are not Exempt Securities (as defined in the Section entitled "Important 
Notices" below), the applicable Final Terms which completes the terms and conditions of the 
relevant Securities; or 
(b) 
Securities which are Exempt Securities, the applicable Pricing Supplement which supplements 
the terms and conditions of the relevant Securities and may also specify other terms and 
conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the terms and 
conditions of the relevant Securities, supplement, replace and/or modify such terms and 
conditions. 
Who is the Issuer and (if applicable) Guarantor of the Securities? 
Securities under this Base Prospectus will be issued and (if applicable) will be guaranteed by any of the 
following: 
(a) 
Citigroup Inc. (Citigroup or Citi) (in which case, the Securities will not be guaranteed by any 
entity); 
(b) 
Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. (CGMHI) and guaranteed by Citigroup Inc. (in such 
capacity, the CGMHI Guarantor) pursuant to a deed of guarantee dated 21 December 2015 
(such deed of guarantee as amended and/or supplemented and/or replaced from time to time, 
the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee) executed by the CGMHI Guarantor; and 
(c) 
Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. (CGMFL) and guaranteed by Citigroup 
Global Markets Limited (CGML) (in such capacity, the CGMFL Guarantor) pursuant to a 
deed of guarantee dated 25 January 2019 (such deed of guarantee as amended and/or 
supplemented and/or replaced from time to time, the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee) executed 
by the CGMFL Guarantor. 
Citi, CGMHI and CGMFL is each an Issuer and collectively, the Issuers. The CGMHI Guarantor and 
the CGMFL Guarantor is each a Guarantor and collectively, the Guarantors. References in this Base 
Prospectus to "Issuer" and "Guarantor" shall be construed accordingly.  
Citi, CGMHI and the CGMHI Guarantor each has a right of substitution as set out in the terms and 
conditions of the Securities set out in this Base Prospectus. If "Substitution provisions" are specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, each of CGMFL and the CGMFL Guarantor also has a right of 
substitution as set out in the terms and conditions of the Securities set out in this Base Prospectus. 
What type of Securities does this Base Prospectus relate to? 
This Base Prospectus relates to the issuance of Securities (as defined below). 
The Securities may be Securities which do not bear interest, interest bearing securities, securities which 
pay a fixed amount on redemption, as well as the following types of securities whose return (in respect 
to any interest payable on such securities and/or their redemption amount) is linked to one or more:

--- Page 4 ---
iv 
 
(a) 
security indices; 
(b) 
inflation indices; 
(c) 
commodity indices; 
(d) 
commodities; 
(e) 
shares; 
(f) 
depository receipts; 
(g) 
exchange traded fund (ETF) shares; 
(h) 
mutual funds; 
(i) 
currency exchange rates; 
(j) 
warrants; 
(k) 
proprietary indices; 
(l) 
dividend futures contracts; 
(m) 
rates; 
(n) 
preference shares; or 
(o) 
any combination of the foregoing. 
In addition, the Securities may be Notes (as defined below) whose return is linked to the credit of one or 
more specified entities (such Notes may or may not bear interest) (such Notes, Credit Linked Notes) or 
Notes which reference a package skew position comprising (i) an index untranched credit derivative 
transaction and (ii) a set of single name credit derivative transactions (with each single name transaction 
corresponding to an underlying reference entity constituent of the corresponding index transaction) 
where (i) and (ii) have equal and offsetting positions with any payments resulting from a Credit Event 
intended to be zero due to the application of payment netting, other than in the event of an early 
redemption (such Notes may or may not bear interest) (such Notes, Index Skew Notes). 
The Securities may provide for early redemption at the option of the issuer (a call option) or the investor 
(a put option) and may, at maturity, pay a fixed or other redemption amount as specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms. 
Securities (Securities) may be in the form of notes (Notes) or (for Securities issued by CGMFL only) 
certificates (Certificates), as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Certificates entitle the holder on exercise to receive a cash amount (if any) calculated in accordance with 
the relevant terms, subject as set forth herein in the Conditions. Certificates will not bear interest but may 
pay a coupon amount.  
The Issuer may also from time to time issue Notes that are titled "Certificates". Further, the Issuer may 
from time to time issue Notes that are titled "Certificates" (as defined in Article 2 Section 1(g) of Consob 
Regulation No. 11971/1999 as amended from time to time, in case of financial instruments to be offered 
in Italy and/or which are admitted to trading, or for which an application for admission to trading has 
been made or will be made, on SeDeX or EuroTLX (as defined below)) for purposes of Italian listing 
requirements (Italian Listed Certificates).  
In the case of Certificates, Notes that are titled "Certificates" and Italian Listed Certificates, where 
applicable, as used in this Base Prospectus, references to "redemption" and "redeem" shall be construed 
to be to "termination" and "terminate", references to "interest", "interest payment date", "interest period", 
"interest rate" and "interest underlying" (and related expressions) shall be construed to be (in the case of 
Certificates) to "coupon amount", "coupon payment date", "coupon period", "coupon rate" and "coupon 
underlying" or (in the case of Notes that are titled "Certificates" and Italian Listed Certificates) to

--- Page 5 ---
v 
 
"premium", "premium payment date", "premium period", "premium rate" and "premium underlying", 
and references to "maturity date" shall be construed to be to "final termination date", and all related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly.  
What is the status of the Securities: 
The Securities constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer 
and (if applicable) the Guarantor and payments to be made by such Issuer and (if applicable) the 
Guarantor under the Securities are subject to the credit risk of such Issuer and (if applicable) the 
Guarantor. As such, the potential return on and value of the Securities will be adversely affected in the 
event of a default or deterioration in the financial position of such Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor. 
The information on the Issuers and the Guarantors set out in this Base Prospectus (which includes 
information incorporated by reference) provides a description of the Issuers' and the Guarantors' business 
activities as well as certain financial information and material risks faced by the Issuers and the 
Guarantors.

--- Page 6 ---
vi 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Distribution of Securities 
Securities may be issued on a continuing basis to Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Citigroup Global 
Markets Inc. and/or Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG and/or any additional dealer appointed under 
the Programme from time to time by the Issuers (each a Dealer and together the Dealers) which 
appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. In relation to each issue of Securities, 
the Dealer(s) will be specified in the applicable Issue Terms (as defined below). However, each Issuer 
reserves the right to sell Securities directly on its own behalf to other entities and to offer Securities in 
specified jurisdictions directly to the public through distributors, in accordance with all applicable rules 
and regulations. Securities may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the 
time of such resale, as determined by the Issuer or the relevant Dealer. Securities may also be sold by the 
Issuer through the Dealer(s), acting as agent of the Issuer. 
Pursuant to this Base Prospectus, Securities may be issued whose return (in respect of any interest 
payable on such Securities and/or their redemption amount) is linked to one or more security indices 
(Security Index Linked Securities) or one or more inflation indices (Inflation Index Linked 
Securities) or one or more commodity indices (Commodity Index Linked Securities) or one or more 
commodities (Commodity Linked Securities) or one or more shares (Share Linked Securities) or one 
or more depositary receipts (Depositary Receipt Linked Securities) or one or more exchange traded 
fund (ETF) shares (ETF Linked Securities) or one or more mutual funds (Mutual Fund Linked 
Securities) or one or more currency exchange rates (FX Rate Linked Securities) or one or more 
warrants (Warrant Linked Securities) or one or more proprietary indices (Proprietary Index Linked 
Securities) or one or more Dividend Futures Contracts (Dividend Futures Contract Linked Securities) 
or one or more rates (Rate Linked Securities) or one or more preference shares (Preference Share 
Linked Securities). In addition, the Securities may be Credit Linked Notes) or Index Skew Notes). 
The aforementioned Securities together, Underlying Linked Securities, as more fully described in this 
Base Prospectus.  
Securities may provide that settlement will be by way of cash settlement (Cash Settled Securities) or 
physical delivery (Physical Delivery Securities) as provided in the Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
and the applicable Issue Terms.  
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Securities may be issued in a form not contemplated by the 
relevant Terms and Conditions set out in this Base Prospectus, in which event, if the Issuer is Citigroup 
Inc., a supplement to the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus (as defined below) or, if the Issuer is CGMHI, 
a supplement to the CGMHI Base Prospectus (as defined below) or, if the Issuer is CGMFL, a supplement 
to the CGMFL Base Prospectus (as defined below), if appropriate, which describes the effect of the 
agreement reached in relation to such Securities, will be made available. 
Approvals of the Base Prospectus 
Each of the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus, the CGMHI Base Prospectus and the CGMFL Base 
Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland (the Central Bank), 
as competent authority (the Competent Authority) under the Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank 
only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the Central Bank should not be 
considered an endorsement of any of the Issuers, the CGMHI Guarantor, or the CGMFL Guarantor or of 
the quality of the Securities. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing 
in the Securities.  
Such approval relates only to Securities which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the 
purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, varied or replaced from time to time, MiFID II)) or 
which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area (the EEA) in 
circumstances that require the publication of a prospectus. For these purposes, the EEA includes the 
United Kingdom. However, there can be no assurance that such applications will be approved or that, if 
approved, any such approval will be given within a specified timeframe. Application will be made to the 
Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) for the Securities issued during 
the period of twelve months after the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official list (the 
Official List) and to trading on its regulated market. An electronic copy of this Base Prospectus will be

--- Page 7 ---
vii 
 
published on the website of Euronext Dublin at www.ise.ie. In addition, application will be made to the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the Securities issued during the period of twelve months after the date 
of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to 
trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. An electronic copy of this Base 
Prospectus, the relevant documents incorporated by reference herein, and the Issue Terms of such 
Securities will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu, for 
so long as the Securities are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Application may be made for 
Securities (other than Exempt Securities) issued under the Programme to be listed on the NASDAQ 
Stockholm AB and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the NASDAQ Stockholm AB, to be 
listed on the London Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the London 
Stock Exchange or to be listed on the Italian Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the electronic 
"Bond Market" organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (the MoT), but there can be no assurance 
that any such listing will occur on or prior to the date of issue of any Securities, as the case may be, or at 
all. Application may also be made for Securities issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading 
(i) on the multilateral trading facility of securitised derivatives financial instruments, organised and 
managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (the "SeDeX") and (ii) on the multilateral trading facility of EuroTLX 
managed by EuroTLX SIM S.p.A. ("EuroTLX") but there can be no assurance that any such listing will 
occur on or prior to the date of issue of any Securities, as the case may be, or at all. For the avoidance of 
doubt, SeDeX and EuroTLX are not regulated markets for the purposes of MiFID II. Application may 
also be made for Securities issued under the Programme to be listed to the official list and admitted to 
trading on the Open Market (Regulated Unofficial Market) (Freiverkehr) of the Frankfurt Stock 
Exchange (Börse Frankfurt AG) but there can be no assurance that any such listing will occur on or prior 
to the date of issue of any Securities, as the case may be, or at all. For the avoidance of doubt, the Open 
Market (Regulated Unofficial Market) (Freiverkehr) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Börse Frankfurt 
AG) is not a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. The Central Bank may, at the request of the 
Issuer, send to a competent authority of another Member State of the EEA (i) a copy of this Base 
Prospectus, and (ii) a certificate of approval pursuant to Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation attesting 
that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. For these 
purposes, the EEA includes the United Kingdom. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months 
from its date in relation to Securities which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in 
the EEA. For these purposes, references to the EEA include the United Kingdom. The obligation 
to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or 
material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Securities which 
are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA 
other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the 
Prospectus Regulation (and for these purposes, references to the EEA include the United Kingdom). 
References in this Base Prospectus to Exempt Securities are to Securities for which no prospectus is 
required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank has neither approved nor 
reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt Securities. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the approval of the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus, 
the CGMHI Base Prospectus and the CGMFL Base Prospectus as Base Listing Particulars (the Citigroup 
Inc. Base Listing Particulars, the CGMHI Base Listing Particulars and the CGMFL Base Listing 
Particulars, respectively, and together, the Base Listing Particulars). Application will be made to 
Euronext Dublin for Securities issued during the 12 months from the date of the Base Listing Particulars 
to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the global exchange market (the Global Exchange 
Market) which is the exchange regulated market of Euronext Dublin. Application has also been made 
to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the approval of the Base Listing Particulars with respect to 
Securities (including the Exempt Securities) issued by CGMFL and Exempt Securities issued by 
Citigroup Inc. and CGMHI as a base prospectus for the purposes of Part IV of the Luxembourg act dated 
16 July 2019 on prospectus for securities. Application will be made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
for Securities (including the Exempt Securities) issued by each Issuer during the 12 months from the date 
of the Base Listing Particulars to be admitted to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's Euro MTF Market (the Euro MTF). The Global 
Exchange Market and the Euro MTF are not regulated markets for the purposes of MiFID II. Save where 
expressly provided or the context otherwise requires, where Securities are to be admitted to trading on 
the Global Exchange Market or the Euro MTF references in this document to Base Prospectus,

--- Page 8 ---
viii 
 
Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus, CGMHI Base Prospectus and CGMFL Base Prospectus shall be 
construed to be to Base Listing Particulars, Citigroup Inc. Base Listing Particulars, CGMHI Base 
Listing Particulars and CGMFL Base Listing Particulars, respectively.  
References in this Base Prospectus to Securities being listed (and all related references) shall mean that 
such Securities are intended to be admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin's regulated market and are 
intended to be listed on the Official List of Euronext Dublin and/or listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or 
listed on the NASDAQ Stockholm AB and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the NASDAQ 
Stockholm AB and/or listed on the London Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of the London Stock Exchange and/or listed on the Italian Stock Exchange and admitted to trading 
on the MoT and/or admitted to trading on the Open Market (Regulated Unofficial Market) (Freiverkehr) 
of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Börse Frankfurt AG), on SeDeX or EuroTLX. For the avoidance of 
doubt, the Open Market (Regulated Unofficial Market) (Freiverkehr) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange 
(Börse Frankfurt AG), SeDeX and EuroTLX are not regulated markets for the purposes of MiFID II. As 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, an issue of Securities may or may not be listed or admitted to 
trading, as the case may be, on Euronext Dublin and/or the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or the 
NASDAQ Stockholm AB and/or the London Stock Exchange and/or the Italian Stock Exchange and/or 
any other regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II and/or the Open Market of the Frankfurt Stock 
Exchange as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. As specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, an issue of Securities may or may not be listed or admitted to trading, as the case 
may be, on the Global Exchange Market, the Euro MTF and/or any other stock exchange or market that 
is not a regulated market for the purpose of MiFID II as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer.  
Securities are issued in Series (as defined in this Base Prospectus) and each Series may comprise one or 
more Tranches (as defined in this Base Prospectus) of Securities. Each Tranche is the subject of a final 
terms document (the Final Terms and references to the applicable Final Terms shall be construed 
accordingly) or, in the case of Exempt Securities, a pricing supplement (the Pricing Supplement and 
references to the applicable Pricing Supplement shall be construed accordingly). As used in this Base 
Prospectus, Issue Terms means either (i) where the Securities are not Exempt Securities, the applicable 
Final Terms or (ii) where the Securities are Exempt Securities, the applicable Pricing Supplement, and 
references should be construed accordingly. 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as Irish listing agent for the Issuer in 
connection with the Securities and is not itself seeking admission of the Securities to the official list or 
to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation or 
the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin. 
The Issue Terms will specify with respect to the issue of Securities to which it relates, inter alia, the 
specific designation of the Securities, the aggregate principal amount or number of and type of the 
Securities, the date of issue of the Securities, the issue price, the relevant interest provisions (if any), and 
the redemption amount of the Securities and, as relevant, the underlying security, share, bond, asset, 
index, commodity, rate, contract, currency or other item(s) and, if the Notes are Credit Linked Notes or 
Index Skew Notes, each entity to which, depending on the credit of such entity, the return of the Notes 
(upon an early redemption or otherwise) is linked (each an Underlying) to which the Securities relate 
and certain other terms relating to the offering and sale of such Securities. The applicable Final Terms 
completes the Terms and Conditions of the relevant Securities. The applicable Pricing Supplement 
supplements the Terms and Conditions of the relevant Securities and may specify other terms and 
conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Terms and 
Conditions of the relevant Securities, supplement, replace and/or modify such Terms and Conditions. In 
respect of Securities to be listed on Euronext Dublin, the applicable Issue Terms will be delivered to 
Euronext Dublin on or before the date of issue of the Securities of that Tranche. In respect of Securities 
to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable Issue Terms will be delivered to the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange on or before the date of issue of the Securities of that Tranche. The issue 
price and amount of the Securities of any Tranche will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) at the time of the issue of such Tranche in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Securities will be as set out in "General Conditions of the Securities" 
and in the relevant Schedule(s) thereto.

--- Page 9 ---
ix 
 
AN ISSUE OF SECURITIES MAY BE OF A SPECIALIST NATURE AND SHOULD ONLY BE 
BOUGHT 
AND 
TRADED 
BY 
INVESTORS 
WHO 
ARE 
PARTICULARLY 
KNOWLEDGEABLE IN INVESTMENT MATTERS. PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF 
SECURITIES SHOULD ENSURE THAT THEY UNDERSTAND THE NATURE OF THE 
RELEVANT SECURITIES AND THE EXTENT OF THEIR EXPOSURE TO RISKS AND 
THAT THEY CONSIDER THE SUITABILITY OF THE RELEVANT SECURITIES AS AN 
INVESTMENT IN LIGHT OF THEIR OWN CIRCUMSTANCES AND FINANCIAL 
CONDITION. IT IS THE RESPONSIBILITY OF PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS TO ENSURE 
THAT THEY HAVE SUFFICIENT KNOWLEDGE, EXPERIENCE AND PROFESSIONAL 
ADVICE TO MAKE THEIR OWN LEGAL, FINANCIAL, TAX, ACCOUNTING AND OTHER 
BUSINESS EVALUATION OF THE MERITS AND RISKS OF INVESTING IN THE 
SECURITIES AND ARE NOT RELYING ON THE ADVICE OF THE ISSUER, THE CGMHI 
GUARANTOR, THE CGMFL GUARANTOR OR ANY DEALER IN THIS REGARD. 
SECURITIES MAY INVOLVE A HIGH DEGREE OF RISK, INCLUDING THE PRINCIPAL 
OR INITIAL INVESTMENT AMOUNT NOT BEING PROTECTED. POTENTIAL 
INVESTORS MAY SUSTAIN A LOSS OF ALL OR PART OF THEIR INVESTMENT IN THE 
SECURITIES. SEE "RISK FACTORS" SET OUT IN THIS BASE PROSPECTUS. 
Prospective investors should note that Events of Default in respect of the CGMHI Guarantor are 
limited to the events stated in General Conditions 11(a)(i) and 11(a)(ii) (Events of Default) relating 
to default in payment of principal, interest or termination amounts in respect of the Securities but 
will not include the insolvency or bankruptcy of the CGMHI Guarantor (or any similar event), 
any other default of the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee being (or being 
claimed not to be) in full force and effect. Therefore, even though the CGMHI Guarantor may be 
declared insolvent or have entered into bankruptcy proceedings or disclaimed the CGMHI Deed 
of Guarantee, holders of Securities issued by CGMHI will not be able to trigger an Event of Default 
under the Securities and thus will not be able to cause the Securities to be immediately due and 
payable, and the Securities will not redeem until maturity (unless there has been an Event of 
Default due to non-payment of interest, principal or termination amounts or bankruptcy or other 
default of CGMHI in the meantime).  It is possible that holders may receive a lower return at 
maturity than if they were able to accelerate the Securities for immediate repayment in such 
circumstances. 
Belgian Code of Economic Law 
In respect of public offers of Securities in Belgium, the Issuer could be required to comply with the 
provisions of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, especially the provisions on unfair terms in the 
application of the Terms and Conditions as set out in the Base Prospectus and the relevant Issue Terms 
relating to such Securities in Belgium, insofar as these provisions are applicable. 
Governing law of the Securities 
Securities issued under the Programme will be governed by English law (English Law Securities), Irish 
law (Irish Law Securities) or French law (French Law Securities) as specified in the Issue Terms. 
Form of Securities 
Subject as provided below in the case of Swedish Securities, Finnish Securities and French Law 
Securities, Securities to be issued hereunder will be in registered form (Registered Securities) and will 
be represented by registered security certificates (Registered Security Certificates), one Registered 
Security Certificate being issued in respect of each holder's entire holding of Registered Securities of one 
Series. Registered Securities which are held in Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. (Euroclear) and Clearstream 
Banking S.A., (Clearstream, Luxembourg) (or in the case of French Cleared Securities only, Euroclear 
France S.A. (Euroclear France)) or the Depository Trust Company (DTC), as the case may be, will be 
represented by a global Registered Security Certificate (a Global Registered Security Certificate) 
registered in the name of a nominee for either Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (or in the case of 
French Cleared Securities only, Euroclear France) or DTC, as the case may be, and the Global Registered 
Security Certificate will be delivered to the appropriate depositary, common safekeeper or custodian, as 
the case may be. Interests in a Global Registered Security Certificate will be exchangeable for definitive 
Registered Security Certificates as described under "Form of the Securities" set out in this Base

--- Page 10 ---
x 
 
Prospectus. In addition, indirect interests in Securities may be delivered, held and settled via the CREST 
Depository Interest (CDI) mechanism in Euroclear UK and Ireland (CREST). 
Securities issued in accordance with the Swedish Act on Central Securities Depositories and Financial 
Instruments Accounts (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av financiella 
instrument) (SFIA Act) (Swedish Securities) will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book-
entry form in accordance with the SFIA Act. No global or definitive registered Swedish Securities will 
be issued. The Swedish Securities will be transferable only in accordance with the provisions of the SFIA 
Act, other applicable Swedish legislation and the rules and regulations applicable to, and/or issued by, 
Euroclear Sweden AB (Euroclear Sweden). 
Securities issued in accordance with the Finnish Act on the Book-Entry System and Clearing Operations 
(Fin. laki arvo-osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta (348/2017, as amended)) and with the Finnish 
Act on the Book-Entry Accounts (Fin. laki arvo-osuustileistä (827/1991, as amended) (Finnish 
Securities) will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form in accordance with the 
Finnish Act on the Book-Entry System and Clearing Operations (Fin. laki arvo-osuusjärjestelmästä ja 
selvitystoiminnasta (348/2017, as amended)) and with the Finnish Act on Book-Entry Account (Fin. laki 
arvo-osuustileistä (827/1991, as amended)). No global or definitive registered Securities will be issued. 
The Finnish Securities will be registrable and transferable only in accordance with the legislation, rules 
and regulations applicable to, and/or issued by, Euroclear Finland Ltd (Euroclear Finland). Finnish 
Securities will be subject to automatic redemption and be cash settled.  
French Law Securities are issued in dematerialised form and must at all times be in book-entry form in 
compliance with Articles L.211–3 and R.211–1 of the French Code monétaire et financier. French Law 
Securities shall constitute "obligations" within the meaning of Article L.213–5 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier. No global or definitive French Law Securities will be issued. The French Law 
Securities will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear France. 
French Law Securities may be issued, at the option of the Issuer, in either: (i) bearer dematerialised form 
(au porteur), which will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France which shall credit the accounts of 
an accountholder (being any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts 
directly or indirectly on behalf of its customers with Euroclear France) (the Euroclear France 
Accountholder); or (ii) in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, at the option of the 
Securityholder in either administered registered form (au nominatif administré) inscribed in the books of 
a Euroclear France Accountholder (and mirroring the inscriptions in the books maintained by the Issuer 
or the French Law Securities Registration Agent acting on behalf of the Issuer, if applicable) or in fully 
registered form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in an account held by Euroclear France and in the books 
maintained by the Issuer (or the French Law Securities Registration Agent acting on behalf of the Issuer, 
if applicable). 
See section F.4 below for further information. 
U.S. notices 
None of the Securities, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee has 
been nor will be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
Securities Act), or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the 
United States. Securities issued by Citigroup Inc., CGMHI or CGMFL may be offered and sold 
outside of the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities 
Act (Regulation S). Notes issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI may be offered and sold within the 
United States to "qualified institutional buyers" (QIBs) in transactions exempt from registration 
under the Securities Act in reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act (Rule 144A). Securities 
may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons (as defined in Regulation S) other than, in the case of Notes issued by Citigroup Inc. or 
CGMHI, to QIBs in reliance on Rule 144A. Securities issued by CGMFL, which are guaranteed 
by the CGMFL Guarantor, will not be offered and sold in the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons at any time. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and 
transfers of Securities, see "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". Any 
purchaser of Securities that is a registered U.S. investment company should consult its own counsel 
regarding the applicability of Section 12(d) and Section 17 of the Investment Company Act of 1940 
and the rules promulgated thereunder to its purchase of Securities and should reach an 
independent conclusion with respect to the issues involved in such purchase.

--- Page 11 ---
xi 
 
The Securities, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee, the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee and any Entitlement do 
not constitute, and have not been marketed as, contracts of sale of a commodity for future delivery (or 
options thereon) subject to the United States Commodity Exchange Act, as amended (the CEA), and 
trading in the Securities has not been approved by the United States Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission (the CFTC) pursuant to the CEA. 
The Securities may not be offered or sold to, or acquired by, any person that is, or whose purchase 
and holding of the Securities is made on behalf of or with "plan assets" of, an employee benefit 
plan subject to Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended 
(ERISA), a plan, individual retirement account or other arrangement subject to Section 4975 of 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) or an employee benefit plan or 
other plan or arrangement subject to any laws, rules or regulations substantially similar to Title I 
of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code.  
EU Benchmarks Regulation: Article 29(2) statement on benchmarks 
Amounts payable or assets deliverable under the Securities may be calculated or otherwise determined 
by reference to one or more "benchmarks" for the purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the 
Benchmarks Regulation). In this case, the applicable Issue Terms will indicate whether or not the 
benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) pursuant to 
Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. Transitional provisions in the Benchmarks Regulation may 
apply such that the administrator of a particular "benchmark" is not required to be included in the register 
of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the applicable Issue Terms.  
Agreement and Acknowledgement with Respect to the Exercise of the Bail-in Power in Respect of 
Securities Issued by CGMFL 
Each Securityholder of Securities issued by CGMFL (CGMFL Securities) (including each holder of a 
beneficial interest in such CGMFL Securities) acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees, 
notwithstanding any other term of the CGMFL Securities or any other agreements, arrangements or 
understandings between CGMFL and such Securityholder, by its acquisition of such CGMFL Securities, 
to be bound by the exercise of, any bail-in power by the relevant resolution authority. See General 
Condition 24 and also the risk factor "Risks relating to the exercise of any bail-in power by the relevant 
resolution authority in respect of Securities issued by CGMFL and Securityholder agreement to be bound 
thereby".

--- Page 12 ---
xii 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO OFFERS OF SECURITIES 
Important information relating to Non-exempt Offers of Securities 
Withdrawal rights 
Subject to and in accordance with Articles 8(11) and 23(2) of the Prospectus Regulation, investors who 
have already agreed to purchase or subscribe for Securities offered to the public in a Member State of 
the EEA (and for these purposes, references to the EEA include the United Kingdom) before this Base 
Prospectus is published have the right, exercisable within two working days after the publication of this 
Base Prospectus, to withdraw their acceptances, unless the Securities have already been delivered to 
them at the time this Base Prospectus is published. For the avoidance of doubt, the final date on which 
eligible investors may exercise such right of withdrawal is 22 December 2020. Investors who wish to 
exercise such right of withdrawal may contact the relevant Authorised Offeror.  
Restrictions on Non-exempt Offers of Securities in Member States and the United Kingdom 
Certain Tranches of Securities with a denomination of less than EUR100,000 (or its equivalent in any 
other currency) may be offered in circumstances where there is no exemption from the obligation under 
the Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus. Any such offer is referred to as a Non-exempt Offer. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits Non-exempt Offers of Securities. 
However, any person making or intending to make a Non-exempt Offer of Securities in any Member 
State of the EEA may only do so if this Base Prospectus has been approved by the competent authority 
in that Member State (or, where appropriate, approved in another Member State and notified to the 
competent authority in that Member State) and published in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, 
PROVIDED THAT the Issuer has consented to the use of this Base Prospectus in connection with such 
offer as provided under "Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation 
(Retail Cascades)" and the conditions attached to that consent are complied with by the person making 
the Non-exempt Offer of such Securities. For these purposes, the EEA includes the United Kingdom. 
Save as provided above, none of the Issuers, the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor and the 
Dealers have authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any Non-exempt Offer of Securities in 
circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor 
or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer.  
Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation (Retail Cascades) 
In the context of a Non-exempt Offer of such Securities, the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor (where the 
Issuer is CGMHI) and the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) accept responsibility, in the 
jurisdictions to which the consent to use the Base Prospectus extends, for the content of this Base 
Prospectus under Article 11 of the Prospectus Regulation in relation to any person (an Investor) who 
acquires any Securities in a Non-exempt Offer made by any person to whom the Issuer has given consent 
to the use of this Base Prospectus (an Authorised Offeror) in that connection, PROVIDED THAT the 
conditions attached to that consent are complied with by the Authorised Offeror. The consent and 
conditions attached to it are set out under "Consent" and "Common Conditions to Consent" below.  
None of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI), the CGMFL Guarantor (where 
the Issuer is CGMFL) and any Dealer makes any representation as to the compliance by an Authorised 
Offeror with any applicable conduct of business rules or other applicable regulatory or securities law 
requirements in relation to any Non-exempt Offer and none of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor (where 
the Issuer is CGMHI), the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) and any Dealer has any 
responsibility or liability for the actions of that Authorised Offeror.  
Save as provided below, none of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI), 
the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) and any Dealer has authorised the making 
of any Non-exempt Offer by any offeror and the Issuer has not consented to the use of this Base 
Prospectus by any other person in connection with any Non-exempt Offer of Securities. Any Non-
exempt Offer made without the consent of the Issuer is unauthorised and none of the Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI), the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is 
CGMFL) and any Dealer accepts any responsibility or liability for the actions of the persons 
making any such unauthorised offer. If, in the context of a Non-exempt Offer, an Investor is offered

--- Page 13 ---
xiii 
 
Securities by a person which is not an Authorised Offeror, the Investor should check with that person 
whether anyone is responsible for this Base Prospectus for the purposes of Article 11 of the Prospectus 
Regulation in the context of the Non-exempt Offer and, if so, who that person is. If the Investor is in any 
doubt about whether it can rely on this Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents it 
should take legal advice. 
Consent 
The Issuer consents and (in connection with paragraph (b) below) offers to grant its consent to the use of 
this Base Prospectus in relation to any offer of Securities issued by it for the period of 12 months from 
the date of this Base Prospectus in relation to any offer as provided below. In the event this Base 
Prospectus is replaced by a base prospectus of the Issuer which is approved and published by the Issuer 
during the Offer Period relating to a Non-exempt Offer of Securities then the Issuer's consent shall end 
on the date on which amended and restated Final Terms for any such Non-exempt Offer of Securities are 
published (the Consent Period). 
In connection with each Tranche of Securities and subject to the conditions set out below under 
"Common Conditions to Consent": 
(a) 
the Issuer consents to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, 
if applicable) in connection with a Non-exempt Offer of such Securities by the relevant Dealer 
and by: 
(i) 
any financial intermediary named as an Initial Authorised Offeror in the applicable Final 
Terms; and 
(ii) 
any financial intermediary appointed after the date of the applicable Final Terms and 
whose name is published on the Issuer's website and identified as an Authorised Offeror 
in respect of the relevant Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
if (and only if) Part B of the applicable Final Terms specifies "General Consent" as 
"Applicable", the Issuer hereby offers to grant its consent to the use of this Base Prospectus (as 
supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) in connection with a Non-exempt Offer of 
Securities by any financial intermediary which satisfies the following conditions: 
(i) 
it is authorised to make such offers under applicable legislation implementing MiFID II; 
and 
(ii) 
it accepts such offer by publishing on its website the following statement (with the 
information in square brackets completed with the relevant information): 
"We, [insert legal name of financial intermediary], refer to the [insert title of relevant 
Securities] (the Securities) described in the Final Terms dated [insert date] (the Final Terms) 
published by [Citigroup Inc./ Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc./ Citigroup Global 
Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A.] (the Issuer). We hereby accept the offer by the Issuer 
of its consent to our use of the Base Prospectus (as defined in the Final Terms) in connection 
with the offer of the Securities in accordance with the Authorised Offeror Terms and subject 
to the conditions to such consent, each as specified in the Base Prospectus, and we are using 
the Base Prospectus accordingly." 
The Authorised Offeror Terms are that the relevant financial intermediary will, and it agrees, 
represents, warrants and undertakes for the benefit of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor (where 
the relevant Issuer is CGMHI), the CGMFL Guarantor (where the relevant Issuer is CGMFL) 
and the relevant Dealer that it will, at all times in connection with the relevant Non-exempt 
Offer comply with the conditions to the consent referred to under "Common Conditions to 
Consent" below and any further requirements relevant to the Non-exempt Offer as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms.  
Any financial intermediary who is an Authorised Offeror falling within (b) above who meets all of the 
conditions set out in (b) and the other conditions stated in "Common Conditions to Consent" below and 
who wishes to use this Base Prospectus in connection with a Non-exempt Offer is required, for the

--- Page 14 ---
xiv 
 
duration of the relevant Offer Period, to publish on its website the statement (duly completed) specified 
at paragraph (b)(ii) above. 
Common Conditions to Consent 
The conditions to the Issuer's consent are (in addition to the conditions described in paragraph (b) above 
if Part B of the applicable Final Terms specifies "General Consent" as "Applicable") that such consent: 
(i) 
is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if shorter, the 
Consent Period; 
(ii) 
only extends to the use of this Base Prospectus to make Non-exempt Offers of the relevant 
Tranche of Securities in Austria, Belgium, Cyprus, Denmark, Finland, The Netherlands, France, 
Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg (in the case of Citigroup Inc. and 
CGMHI), Norway, Poland, the United Kingdom, Portugal, Spain, Sweden and/or the Czech 
Republic, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and  
(iii) 
the consent is subject to any other conditions set out in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The only Member States of the EEA (and for these purposes, references to the EEA include the United 
Kingdom) which may, in respect of any Tranche of Securities, be specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(if any Member States are so specified) as indicated in (ii) above, will be Austria, Belgium, Cyprus, 
Denmark, Finland, The Netherlands, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg (in 
the case of Citigroup Inc. and CGMHI), Norway, Poland, the United Kingdom, Portugal, Spain, Sweden 
and/or the Czech Republic, and accordingly each Tranche of Securities may only be offered to Investors 
as part of a Non-exempt Offer in Austria, Belgium, Cyprus, Denmark, Finland, The Netherlands, France, 
Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg (in the case of Citigroup Inc. and CGMHI), 
Norway, Poland, the United Kingdom, Portugal, Spain, Sweden and/or the Czech Republic, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, or otherwise in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer 
or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer.  
Consent given in connection with public offers in Switzerland 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of Securities to the public in Switzerland on the basis 
of this Base Prospectus, other than pursuant to an exemption under Article 36(1) of the Swiss Federal 
Financial Services Act (FinSA) or where such offer does not qualify as a public offer in Switzerland, 
must do so only with the Issuer's consent to the use of this Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 36(4)(b) 
FinSA and Article 45 of the implementing Financial Services Ordinance (FinSO), as provided under 
"Consent" above and provided such person complies with the conditions attached to that consent and on 
the basis that for the purposes of the above:  
• 
references therein to "Non-exempt Offer" are to "non-exempt public offer in Switzerland"; 
• 
the reference therein to "Non-exempt Offers of the relevant Tranche of Securities in Austria, 
Belgium, Cyprus, Denmark, Finland, The Netherlands, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, 
Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg (in the case of Citigroup Inc. and CGMHI), Norway, Poland, the 
United Kingdom, Portugal, Spain, Sweden and/or the Czech Republic, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms" is to "non-exempt public offer(s) in Switzerland"; and 
• 
the paragraph commencing "The only Member States of the EEA (and for these purposes, 
references to the EEA include the United Kingdom) which may, in respect of any Tranche of 
Securities, be specified in the applicable Final Terms" therein is deleted. 
General Consent is subject to the further condition that the financial intermediary is authorised to make 
a non-exempt public offer in Switzerland under applicable Swiss laws and regulations. 
ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN INVESTORS AND AUTHORISED OFFERORS 
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO ACQUIRE OR ACQUIRING ANY SECURITIES IN A NON-
EXEMPT OFFER FROM AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL DO SO, AND OFFERS AND 
SALES OF SUCH SECURITIES TO AN INVESTOR BY SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR 
WILL BE MADE, IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY TERMS AND OTHER ARRANGEMENTS

--- Page 15 ---
xv 
 
IN PLACE BETWEEN SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR AND SUCH INVESTOR 
INCLUDING AS TO PRICE, ALLOCATIONS AND SETTLEMENT ARRANGEMENTS. THE 
ISSUER WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO ANY SUCH ARRANGEMENTS WITH SUCH 
INVESTORS IN CONNECTION WITH THE NON-EXEMPT OFFER OR SALE OF THE 
SECURITIES CONCERNED AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND ANY 
FINAL TERMS WILL NOT CONTAIN SUCH INFORMATION. THE INVESTOR MUST 
LOOK TO THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR AT THE TIME OF SUCH OFFER FOR THE 
PROVISION OF SUCH INFORMATION AND THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE 
RESPONSIBLE FOR SUCH INFORMATION. NONE OF THE ISSUER, THE CGMHI 
GUARANTOR (WHERE THE ISSUER IS CGMHI), THE CGMFL GUARANTOR (WHERE 
THE ISSUER IS CGMFL) AND ANY DEALER (EXCEPT WHERE SUCH DEALER IS THE 
RELEVANT AUTHORISED OFFEROR) HAS ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO 
AN INVESTOR IN RESPECT OF SUCH INFORMATION. 
CREDIT RATINGS 
Citigroup Inc. has a long-term/short-term senior debt rating of BBB+/A-2 by Standard & Poor's Financial 
Services LLC (S&P), A3/P-2 by Moody's Investors Service, Inc. (Moody's) and A/F1 by Fitch Ratings, 
Inc. (Fitch).1 
CGMHI has a long term/short term senior debt rating of BBB+/A-2 by S&P, A3/P-2 by Moody's and 
A/F1 by Fitch.2  
CGMFL has a long term/short term senior debt rating of A+/A-1 by S&P and A+/F1 by Fitch.3  
CGML has a long term/short term senior debt rating of A+/A-1 by S&P, A1/P-1 by Moody's and A+/F1 
by Fitch.4  
 
1 "BBB+" by S&P: An obligor rated "BBB" has adequate capacity to meet its financial commitments. However, adverse economic conditions or 
changing circumstances are more likely to weaken the obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitments. The addition of a plus sign shows the 
relative standing within the rating category (source: www.standardandpoors.com).  
"A-2" by S&P: An obligor rated "A-2" has satisfactory capacity to meet its financial commitments. However, it is somewhat more susceptible to the 
adverse effects of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than obligors in the highest rating category (source: 
www.standardandpoors.com). 
"A3" by Moody's: Obligations rated "A" are judged to be upper-medium grade and are subject to low credit risk. The modifier 3 indicates a ranking 
in the lower end of that generic rating category (source: www.moodys.com). 
"P-2" by Moody's: Issuers (or supporting institutions) rated "Prime-2" have a strong ability to repay short-term debt obligations (source: 
www.moodys.com). 
"A" by Fitch: "A" ratings denote expectations of low default risk. The capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered strong. This 
capacity may, nevertheless, be more vulnerable to adverse business or economic conditions than is the case for higher ratings (source: 
www.fitchratings.com). 
"F1" by Fitch: Indicates the strongest intrinsic capacity for timely payment of financial commitments (source: www.fitchratings.com). 
2 For an explanation of the ratings in respect of CGMHI, see footnote 1 above. 
3 "A+" by S&P: An obligor rated "A" has strong capacity to meet its financial commitments but is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects 
of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than obligors in higher-rated categories. The addition of a plus sign shows the relative standing 
within the rating category (source: www.standardandpoors.com). 
"A-1" by S&P: An obligor rated "A-1" has strong capacity to meet its financial commitments. It is rated in the highest category by S&P Global 
Ratings (source: www.standardandpoors.com). 
"A+" by Fitch: "A" ratings denote expectations of low default risk. The capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered strong. This 
capacity may, nevertheless, be more vulnerable to adverse business or economic conditions than is the case for higher ratings. The modifiers ‘+’ or 
‘−’ may be appended to a rating to denote relative status within categories from 'aa' to 'ccc' (source: www.fitchratings.com). 
"F1" by Fitch: Indicates the strongest intrinsic capacity for timely payment of financial commitments (source: www.fitchratings.com). 
4 "A+" by S&P: An obligor rated "A" has strong capacity to meet its financial commitments but is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects 
of changes in circumstances and economic conditions than obligors in higher-rated categories. The addition of a plus sign shows the relative standing 
within the rating category (source: www.standardandpoors.com). 
"A-1" by S&P: An obligor rated "A-1" has strong capacity to meet its financial commitments. It is rated in the highest category by S&P Global 
Ratings (source: www.standardandpoors.com).

--- Page 16 ---
xvi 
 
The rating of a certain Tranche of Securities may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
S&P is not established in the European Union or the United Kingdom and has not applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended or superseded) (the CRA Regulation). The S&P 
ratings have been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (SPGRE). SPGRE is established in 
the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation. As such SPGRE is included in the list of 
credit rating agencies published by the ESMA on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. ESMA has indicated that ratings 
issued in the United States of America which have been endorsed by SPGRE may be used in the 
European Union (which for these purposes includes the United Kingdom) by the relevant market 
participants. 
Moody's is not established in the European Union or in the United Kingdom and has not applied for 
registration under the CRA Regulation. The Moody's ratings have been endorsed by Moody's Investors 
Service Ltd. in accordance with the CRA Regulation. Moody's Investors Service Ltd. is established in 
the United Kingdom and registered under the CRA Regulation. As such, Moody's Investors Service Ltd. 
is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by ESMA on its website (at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation. ESMA has indicated that ratings issued in the United States of America which have been 
endorsed by Moody's Investors Service Ltd. may be used in the European Union (which for these 
purposes includes the United Kingdom) by the relevant market participants.  
Fitch is not established in the European Union or the United Kingdom and has not applied for registration 
under the CRA Regulation. The Fitch ratings have been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Limited in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation. Fitch Ratings Limited is established in the United Kingdom and registered 
under the CRA Regulation. As such, Fitch Ratings Limited is included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by ESMA on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-
CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. ESMA has indicated that ratings issued in the United 
States of America which have been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Limited may be used in the European 
Union (which for these purposes includes the United Kingdom) by the relevant market participants. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Securities will be issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the European Union (which for these purposes includes the United 
Kingdom) and registered under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the applicable Issue Terms.  
The Securities, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee constitute 
unconditional liabilities of the respective issuers. None of the Securities, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee 
and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee is insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) or 
any other deposit protection insurance scheme. 
Any investment in the Securities does not have the status of a bank deposit and is not within the scope 
of the deposit protection scheme operated by the Central Bank of Ireland. The Issuers are not regulated 
by the Central Bank of Ireland by virtue of the issue of any Securities. 
An Index of Defined Terms is set out on pages 1169 to 1185 of this Base Prospectus. 
Arranger and Dealers of the Programme 
Citigroup 
 
"A1" by Moody's: Obligations rated "A" are judged to be upper-medium grade and are subject to low credit risk. The modifier 1 indicates that the 
obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic rating category (source: www.moodys.com). 
"P-1" by Moody's: Issuers (or supporting institutions) rated "Prime-1" have a superior ability to repay short-term debt obligations (source: 
www.moodys.com). 
"A+" by Fitch: "A" ratings denote expectations of low default risk. The capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered strong. This 
capacity may, nevertheless, be more vulnerable to adverse business or economic conditions than is the case for higher ratings. The modifiers '+' or '−' 
may be appended to a rating to denote relative status within categories from 'aa' to 'ccc' (source: www.fitchratings.com). 
"F1" by Fitch: Indicates the strongest intrinsic capacity for timely payment of financial commitments (source: www.fitchratings.com).

--- Page 17 ---
xvii 
 
This Base Prospectus (excluding the CGMHI Base Prospectus and the CGMFL Base Prospectus (each 
as defined below)) comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Securities other than Exempt Securities 
for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation in respect of Securities to be issued by 
Citigroup Inc. 
This Base Prospectus (excluding the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus and the CGMFL Base Prospectus 
(as defined below)) comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Securities other than Exempt Securities 
for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation in respect of Securities to be issued by CGMHI. 
This Base Prospectus (excluding the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus and the CGMHI Base Prospectus 
(as defined below)) comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Securities other than Exempt Securities 
for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation in respect of Securities to be issued by CGMFL. 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
Citigroup Inc. accepts responsibility for the information contained in (i) the Citigroup Inc. Base 
Prospectus (excluding the CGMHI Base Prospectus and the CGMFL Base Prospectus) and (ii) the Issue 
Terms for each Tranche of Securities issued under the Programme where Citigroup Inc. is the Issuer of 
such Tranche of Securities. Citigroup Inc. does not take responsibility for the CGMHI Base Prospectus 
or the CGMFL Base Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge of Citigroup Inc., the information 
contained in the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit 
anything likely to affect the import of such information. This paragraph should be read in conjunction 
with "Important Information relating to Non-exempt Offers of Securities" and "Arrangements between 
Investors and Authorised Offerors" above. 
CGMHI accepts responsibility for the information contained in (i) the CGMHI Base Prospectus 
(excluding the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus and the CGMFL Base Prospectus) and (ii) the Issue Terms 
for each Tranche of Securities issued under the Programme where CGMHI is the Issuer of such Tranche 
of Securities. CGMHI does not take responsibility for the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus or the CGMFL 
Base Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge of CGMHI, the information contained in the CGMHI Base 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such 
information. This paragraph should be read in conjunction with "Important Information relating to Non-
exempt Offers of Securities" and "Arrangements between Investors and Authorised Offerors" above. 
The CGMHI Guarantor accepts responsibility for the information contained in (i) the CGMHI Base 
Prospectus (excluding the information set out under the heading "Description of Citigroup Global 
Markets Holdings Inc.") and (ii) the Issue Terms for each Tranche of Securities issued under the 
Programme where CGMHI is the Issuer of such Tranche of Securities. The CGMHI Guarantor does not 
take responsibility for the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus or the CGMFL Base Prospectus. To the best 
of the knowledge of the CGMHI Guarantor, the information contained in the CGMHI Base Prospectus 
(excluding the information set out under the heading "Description of Citigroup Global Markets Holdings 
Inc.") is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such 
information. This paragraph should be read in conjunction with "Important Information relating to Non-
exempt Offers of Securities" and "Arrangements between Investors and Authorised Offerors" above. 
CGMFL accepts responsibility for the information contained in (i) the CGMFL Base Prospectus 
(excluding the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus and the CGMHI Base Prospectus) and (ii) the Issue Terms 
for each Tranche of Securities issued under the Programme where CGMFL is the Issuer of such Tranche 
of Securities. CGMFL does not take responsibility for the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus or the CGMHI 
Base Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge of CGMFL, the information contained in the CGMFL 
Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of 
such information. This paragraph should be read in conjunction with "Important Information relating to 
Non-exempt Offers of Securities" and "Arrangements between Investors and Authorised Offerors" above.  
The CGMFL Guarantor accepts responsibility for the information contained in (i) the CGMFL Base 
Prospectus (excluding the information set out under the heading "Description of Citigroup Global 
Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A." and information set out in Section E.6 entitled "Alternative 
Performance Measures - Citigroup Inc.") and (ii) the Issue Terms for each Tranche of Securities issued 
under the Programme where CGMFL is the Issuer of such Tranche of Securities. The CGMFL Guarantor 
does not take responsibility for the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus or the CGMHI Base Prospectus. To 
the best of the knowledge of the CGMFL Guarantor, the information contained in the CGMFL Base

--- Page 18 ---
xviii 
 
Prospectus (excluding the information set out under the heading "Description of Citigroup Global 
Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A." and the information set out in Section E.6 entitled "Alternative 
Performance Measures - Citigroup Inc.") is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything 
likely to affect the import of such information. This paragraph should be read in conjunction with 
"Important Information relating to Non-exempt Offers of Securities" and "Arrangements between 
Investors and Authorised Offerors" above. 
Where information in the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus, the CGMHI Base Prospectus or the CGMFL 
Base Prospectus (as the case may be) has been sourced from a third party, the relevant Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI) and/or the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is 
CGMFL) (as the case may be) accept(s) responsibility for accurately reproducing such information and, 
as far as the relevant Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI) and/or the CGMFL 
Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) (as the case may be) is/are aware and is/are able to ascertain 
from information published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. Unless otherwise expressly stated in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, any information contained in it relating to the Underlying(s), will only consist of 
extracts from, or summaries of, and will be based solely on, information contained in financial and other 
information released publicly by the issuer, owner or sponsor, as the case may be, of such Underlying(s). 
Unless otherwise expressly stated in the applicable Pricing Supplement, in relation to Exempt Securities 
and a Pricing Supplement only, the relevant Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI) 
and/or the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) (as the case may be) accept(s) responsibility 
for accurately reproducing such extracts or summaries and, as far as the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor 
(where the Issuer is CGMHI) and/or the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) (as the case 
may be) is/are aware and is/are able to ascertain from information published by the issuer, owner or 
sponsor, as the case may be, of such Underlying(s), no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. This paragraph should be read in conjunction with 
the paragraphs immediately above. 
The Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus should be read in conjunction with all documents which are 
incorporated by reference in it (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference for the Citigroup Inc. Base 
Prospectus"). The Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such 
documents are incorporated into and form part of the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus. 
The CGMHI Base Prospectus should be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated 
by reference in it (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMHI Base Prospectus"). The 
CGMHI Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated 
into and form part of the CGMHI Base Prospectus. 
The CGMFL Base Prospectus should be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated 
by reference in it (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMFL Base Prospectus"). The 
CGMFL Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated 
into and form part of the CGMFL Base Prospectus. 
The Citigroup Inc. base prospectus (the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus) will comprise this Base 
Prospectus with the exception of: 
(a) 
the information in the section entitled "Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMHI 
Base Prospectus" and all information incorporated in it by reference thereby; 
(b) 
the information in the section entitled "Description of Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc."; 
(c) 
the information in the section entitled "Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMFL 
Base Prospectus" and all information incorporated in it by reference thereby; 
(d) 
the information in the section entitled "Description of Citigroup Global Markets Funding 
Luxembourg S.C.A."; 
(e) 
the information in the section entitled "Description of Citigroup Global Markets Limited"; 
(f) 
the information in Section E.5 entitled "Form of CGMFL All Monies Guarantee"; and

--- Page 19 ---
xix 
 
(g) 
the information set out in Section E.7 "Alternative Performance Measures – CGMFL 
Guarantor". 
The CGMHI base prospectus (the CGMHI Base Prospectus) will comprise this Base Prospectus with 
the exception of: 
(a) 
the information in the section entitled "Documents Incorporated by Reference for the Citigroup 
Inc. Base Prospectus" and all information incorporated in it by reference thereby; 
(b) 
the information in the section entitled "Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMFL 
Base Prospectus" and all information incorporated in it by reference thereby; 
(c) 
the information in the section entitled "Description of Citigroup Global Markets Funding 
Luxembourg S.C.A."; and 
(d) 
the information in the section entitled "Description of Citigroup Global Markets Limited"; 
(e) 
the information in Section E.5 entitled "Form of CGMFL All Monies Guarantee"; and 
(f) 
the information set out in Section E.7 "Alternative Performance Measures – CGMFL 
Guarantor". 
The CGMFL base prospectus (the CGMFL Base Prospectus) will comprise this Base Prospectus with 
the exception of: 
(a) 
the information in the section entitled "Documents Incorporated by Reference for the Citigroup 
Inc. Base Prospectus" and all information incorporated in it by reference thereby; 
(b) 
the information in the section entitled "Description of Citigroup Inc."; 
(c) 
the information in the section entitled "Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMHI 
Base Prospectus" and all information incorporated in it by reference thereby; and 
(d) 
the information in the section entitled "Description of Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc.". 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of any Securities and, if given or 
made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI), the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer 
is CGMFL) or any of the Dealers. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in 
connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no 
change in the affairs of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and/or the CGMFL Guarantor since the date 
of this Base Prospectus or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of any Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor and/or the CGMFL Guarantor since the date of this Base Prospectus or the date 
upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date 
on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same.

--- Page 20 ---
xx 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
AND OFFERS OF SECURITIES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any 
Securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in 
such jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Securities may be 
restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the 
CGMFL Guarantor and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully 
distributed, or that any Securities may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration 
or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or 
assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, unless 
specifically indicated to the contrary in the applicable Issue Terms, no action has been taken by Citigroup 
Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor or the Dealers which is intended 
to permit a public offering of any Securities or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction 
where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Securities may be offered or sold, directly or 
indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be 
distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance 
with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any 
Securities may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution 
of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Securities. In particular, there are restrictions on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Securities in the United States of America, 
the EEA, the United Kingdom, Australia, Austria, the Kingdom of Bahrain, Belgium, Brazil, the British 
Virgin Islands, Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica, the Republic of Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Denmark, the 
Dominican Republic, the Dubai International Financial Centre, Ecuador, El Salvador, Finland, France, 
Guatemala, Honduras, Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Japan, the State 
of Kuwait, Mexico, Norway, Oman, Panama, Paraguay, Peru, Poland, Portugal, the State of Qatar 
(including the Qatar Financial Centre), the Russian Federation, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, Singapore, 
Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan, the Republic of Turkey, the United Arab Emirates (excluding the 
Dubai International Financial Centre) and Uruguay. See "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions". 
The price and principal amount or number of securities (including any Securities) to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance 
with prevailing market conditions. 
The Dealers have not separately verified the information contained in this Base Prospectus. None of the 
Dealers makes any representation, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the 
accuracy or completeness of any of the information in this Base Prospectus. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any financial statements or other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme or any Securities are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation 
and should not be considered as a recommendation or a statement of opinion, or a report of either of 
those things, by any Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor or any of the Dealers that 
any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements or any other information supplied 
in connection with the Programme or any Securities should purchase any Securities. Each potential 
purchaser of any Securities should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus and its purchase of any Securities should be based upon such investigation as it deems 
necessary. Each potential purchaser is authorised to use this Base Prospectus solely for the purpose of 
considering the purchase of Securities described in this Base Prospectus; any other usage of this Base 
Prospectus is unauthorised. None of the Dealers (in the case of CGML, in its capacity as Dealer) 
undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of any Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the 
CGMFL Guarantor during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to 
advise any investor or potential investor in any Securities of any information coming to the attention of 
any of the Dealers. 
For convenience, certain website addresses have been provided in this Base Prospectus. Except as 
expressly set forth in this Base Prospectus, no information in such websites should be deemed to be 
incorporated in, or form a part of, this Base Prospectus, the Central Bank of Ireland has not scrutinised 
or approved the information contained in such websites and none of the Issuers, the CGMHI Guarantor, 
the CGMFL Guarantor and any Dealer takes responsibility for the information contained in such 
websites.

--- Page 21 ---
xxi 
 
In connection with any Tranche, one or more of the Dealers may act as a stabilisation manager (the 
Stabilisation Manager(s)). The identity of the Stabilisation Managers, if any, will be disclosed in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Securities, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Issue Terms may over allot Securities or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price 
of the Securities at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may 
not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Securities is made and, if begun, may cease 
at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
of Securities and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Securities. Any 
stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or 
person(s) acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and 
rules. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to Euro, 
euro, "€" or EUR are to the single currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the European 
Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as 
amended (the Treaty), references to U.S. dollars, U.S.$ and "$" are to the currency of the United States 
of America, references to Yen are to the currency of Japan, references to RMB are to the currency of 
the People's Republic of China and references to Sterling, and "GBP" are to the currency of the United 
Kingdom. 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus have 
the meaning attributed to them in the Terms and Conditions of the Securities, or any other section of this 
Base Prospectus. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law. 
In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of the Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI), the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is 
CGMFL) and the terms of the Securities being offered, including the merits and risks involved. 
None of the Securities has been approved or disapproved by the United States Securities and 
Exchange Commission or any other securities commission or other regulatory authority in the 
United States, nor have the foregoing authorities approved this Base Prospectus or confirmed the 
accuracy or determined the adequacy of the information contained in this Base Prospectus. Any 
representation to the contrary is unlawful. The Securities do not constitute, and have not been 
marketed as, contracts of sale of a commodity for future delivery (or options thereon) subject to 
the United States Commodity Exchange Act, as amended, and trading in the Securities has not 
been approved by the CFTC pursuant to the United States Commodity Exchange Act, as amended. 
None of the Issuers, the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor and any Dealer makes any 
representation to any investor in any Securities regarding the legality of its investment under any 
applicable laws. Any investor in any Securities should be able to bear the economic risk of an 
investment in such Securities for an indefinite period of time. 
PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
If the Issue Terms in respect of any Securities includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
and UK Retail Investors", the Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA or in the 
United Kingdom (the UK). For these purposes, a "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the 
Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA or in the UK has been

--- Page 22 ---
xxii 
 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA or in the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
U.S. INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus is being submitted in the United States to a limited number of QIBs only for 
informational use solely in connection with the consideration of the purchase of Notes issued by 
Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI being offered hereby. Its use for any other purpose in the United States 
is not authorised. It may not be copied or reproduced in whole or in part nor may it be distributed 
or any of its contents disclosed to anyone other than the prospective investors to whom it is 
originally submitted. 
Notes may be offered or sold within the United States only if the applicable Issue Terms specifies 
that they are being offered in reliance on Rule 144A and then only to QIBs in transactions exempt 
from registration under the Securities Act. Each U.S. purchaser of Notes is hereby notified that 
the offer and sale of any Securities to it is being made in reliance upon the exemption from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A and one or more exemptions 
and/or exclusions from regulation under the CEA. 
Each purchaser or holder of Securities will be deemed, by its acceptance or purchase of any such 
Securities, to have made certain representations and agreements intended to restrict the resale or 
other transfer of such Securities as set out in "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions". Unless otherwise stated, terms used in this "U.S. Information" section have the 
meanings given to them in "Form of the Securities". 
Notwithstanding any limitation on disclosure by any party provided for in this Base Prospectus, or any 
other provision of this Base Prospectus and its contents or any associated Issue Terms, and effective from 
the date of commencement of any discussions concerning any of the transactions contemplated in it (the 
Transactions), any party (and each employee, representative, or other agent of any party) may disclose 
to any and all persons, without limitation of any kind, the tax treatment and tax structure of the 
Transactions and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to 
it relating to such tax treatment and tax structure, except to the extent that any such disclosure could 
reasonably be expected to cause this Base Prospectus, any associated Issue Terms, or any offering of 
Securities thereunder not to be in compliance with securities laws. For purposes of this paragraph, the 
tax treatment of the Transactions is the purported or claimed U.S. federal income tax treatment of the 
Transactions, and the tax structure of the Transactions is any fact that may be relevant to understanding 
the purported or claimed U.S. federal income tax treatment of the Transactions. 
AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
Citigroup Inc. has, in respect of Notes issued by it, undertaken in a deed poll dated 21 December 2015 
(the Citigroup Inc. Rule 144A Deed Poll) and CGMHI and Citigroup Inc. have, in respect of Notes 
issued by CGMHI, undertaken in a deed poll dated 21 December 2015 (the CGMHI Rule 144A Deed 
Poll and, together with the Citigroup Inc. Rule 144A Deed Poll, the Rule 144A Deed Polls) to furnish, 
upon the request of a holder of any Notes offered and sold in reliance on Rule 144A or any beneficial 
interest in such Notes, to such holder or to a prospective purchaser designated by him the information 
required to be delivered under Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act if, at the time of the request, 
Citigroup Inc. is neither a reporting company under Section 13 or 15(d) of the U.S. Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), nor exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) 
thereunder.  
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS IN THE KINGDOM OF SAUDI ARABIA 
This document may not be distributed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia except to such persons as are 
permitted under the Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing Obligations issued by the Capital 
Market Authority. 
The Capital Market Authority does not make any representation as to the accuracy or completeness of 
this document and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from, or incurred in 
reliance upon, any part of this document. Prospective purchasers of the securities offered hereby should

--- Page 23 ---
xxiii 
 
conduct their own due diligence on the accuracy of the information relating to the securities. If you do 
not understand the contents of this document, you should consult an authorised financial adviser. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS IN THE KINGDOM OF BAHRAIN 
In relation to investors in the Kingdom of Bahrain, Securities issued in connection with this Base 
Prospectus and related offering documents must be in registered form and must only be marketed to 
existing account holders and accredited investors as defined by the Central Bank of Bahrain (the CBB) 
in the Kingdom of Bahrain where such investors make a minimum investment of at least U.S.$100,000 
or any equivalent amount in other currency or such other amount as the CBB may determine. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of securities in the Kingdom of Bahrain pursuant to the 
terms of Article (81) of the Central Bank and Financial Institutions Law 2006 (decree Law No. 64 of 
2006). This Base Prospectus and related offering documents have not been and will not be registered as 
a prospectus with the CBB. Accordingly, no Securities may be offered, sold or made the subject of an 
invitation for subscription or purchase nor will this Base Prospectus or any other related document or 
material be used in connection with any offer, sale or invitation to subscribe or purchase Securities, 
whether directly or indirectly, to persons in the Kingdom of Bahrain, other than as marketing to 
accredited investors for an offer outside the Kingdom of Bahrain. 
The CBB has not reviewed, approved or registered this Base Prospectus or related offering documents 
and it has not in any way considered the merits of the Securities to be marketed for investment, whether 
in or outside the Kingdom of Bahrain. Therefore, the CBB assumes no responsibility for the accuracy 
and completeness of the statements and information contained in this Base Prospectus and expressly 
disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from reliance upon the whole or any 
part of the content of this Base Prospectus. No offer of Securities will be made to the public in the 
Kingdom of Bahrain and this Base Prospectus must be read by the addressee only and must not be issued, 
passed to, or made available to the public generally.  
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS IN THE STATE OF QATAR 
The Securities will not be offered, sold or delivered, at any time, directly or indirectly, in the State of 
Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) in a manner that would constitute a public offering. This 
Base Prospectus has not been and will not be reviewed or approved by or registered with the Qatar 
Central Bank, the Qatar Stock Exchange, the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority or the Qatar 
Financial Markets Authority in accordance with their regulations or any other regulations in the State of 
Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre). The Securities are not and will not be traded on the Qatar 
Stock Exchange. The Securities and interests therein will not be offered to investors domiciled or resident 
in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) and do not constitute debt financing in the 
State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) under the Commercial Companies Law No. (11) of 
2015 or otherwise under the laws of the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre). 
MiFID II product governance – A determination will be made in relation to each issue of Securities 
about whether, for the purpose of the Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 
(the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Securities is a manufacturer 
in respect of such Securities, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purposes of MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
Unless otherwise provided, in connection with any issue of Securities in respect of which Citigroup 
Global Markets Limited is the manufacturer (for such purposes), it has prepared the following Target 
Market 
Assessment 
and 
Distribution 
Strategy 
https://www.citibank.com/icg/global_markets/docs/MiFID-II-Target-Market-Disclosure-Notice.pdf. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Securities (a "distributor") should take 
into consideration the manufacturer's target market assessment and distribution strategy; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for (i) undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Securities (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer's target market assessment); and 
(ii) determining appropriate distribution channels. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, 
as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA") – Unless otherwise stated in the applicable 
Issue Terms in respect of any Securities, all Securities issued or to be issued under the Programme shall

--- Page 24 ---
xxiv 
 
be capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities 
and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Specified Investment 
Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04 N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS 
Notice FAA N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).

--- Page 25 ---
xxv 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
SECTION A – GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME .......................................... 1  
This section sets out a brief description of the Programme.  
SECTION B – RISK FACTORS ......................................................................................................... 2 
This section sets out the principal risks the Issuers and the Guarantors believe to be inherent in investing 
in Securities. 
SECTION C – INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS .................................................................... 80 
This section sets out certain investment considerations to be carefully considered by an investor prior 
to making a decision as to whether to invest in the Securities. 
SECTION D – DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE AND AVAILABLE FOR 
INSPECTION AND SUPPLEMENTS ............................................................................................. 88 
This section incorporates selected financial and other information regarding the Issuers and the 
Guarantors from other publicly available documents. This section also details where certain specified 
documents relating to the Securities are made available for viewing. 
 
SECTION D.1 – DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE 
CITIGROUP INC. BASE PROSPECTUS ................................................................................ 89 
 
SECTION D.2 – DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMHI 
BASE PROSPECTUS ............................................................................................................... 99 
 
SECTION D.3 – DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMFL 
BASE PROSPECTUS ............................................................................................................. 110 
 
SECTION D.4 - DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE FOR INSPECTION .................................... 123 
 
SECTION D.5 - SUPPLEMENTS TO THE CITIGROUP INC. BASE PROSPECTUS, THE 
CGMHI BASE PROSPECTUS OR THE CGMFL BASE PROSPECTUS ............................ 124 
SECTION E – INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUERS, THE CGMHI GUARANTOR 
AND THE CGMFL GUARANTOR ............................................................................................... 125 
This section provides a description of the Issuers' and the Guarantors' business activities as well as 
certain other information in respect of them. 
 
SECTION E.1 – DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP INC. ....................................................... 126 
 
SECTION E.2 – DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS HOLDINGS INC.
 ................................................................................................................................................. 134 
 
SECTION E.3 – DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS FUNDING 
LUXEMBOURG S.C.A. ......................................................................................................... 139 
 
SECTION E.4 – DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS LIMITED ......... 144 
 
SECTION E.5 – FORM OF CGMFL ALL MONIES GUARANTEE ................................... 146 
 
SECTION E.6 – ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES – CITIGROUP INC. ... 151

--- Page 26 ---
xxvi 
 
SECTION E.7 – ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES – CGMFL GUARANTOR
 ................................................................................................................................................. 158 
SECTION F - GENERAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE PROGRAMME AND THE 
SECURITIES .................................................................................................................................... 161 
This section sets out general information relating to the Programme, including Securities which may be 
issued under the Programme. 
 
SECTION F.1 – GENERAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUE OF SECURITIES 
UNDER THIS BASE PROSPECTUS .................................................................................... 162 
This section sets out certain general information relating to the listing and clearing system(s) that 
may apply to Securities issued under the Base Prospectus, as well as explaining that there is no 
intention to provide post-issuance information. 
SECTION F.2 – ISSUE OF SECURITIES ............................................................................. 164 
This section sets out general information relating to the issue of Securities, including an 
explanation of the differences between a Tranche and a Series. 
SECTION F.3 – DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES ..................... 165 
This section provides information in respect of certain product features and/or characteristics 
which may have an effect on the return on the Securities. 
SECTION F.4 – FORM OF THE SECURITIES .................................................................... 181 
This section describes the form of the Securities (which form may be global registered form, 
definitive registered form or uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form). 
SECTION F.5 – BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS ................................................. 185 
This section sets out information relating to the clearing system(s) through which a Series of 
Securities may be cleared. 
SECTION F.6 – ERISA MATTERS ....................................................................................... 192 
This section sets out information relating to a restriction on Securities being acquired or held by 
certain United States pension and employee benefit plans and certain other plans such as 
individual retirement accounts and Keogh plans. 
SECTION F.7 – SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING 
RESTRICTIONS ..................................................................................................................... 193 
This section sets out an overview of certain restrictions around who can purchase the Securities 
in certain jurisdictions. 
SECTION F.8 – TAXATION OF SECURITIES .................................................................... 216 
This section sets out an overview of certain taxation considerations relating to Securities. 
SECTION F.9 – DESCRIPTION OF THE PREFERENCE SHARES AND THE 
PREFERENCE SHARE COMPANY ..................................................................................... 292 
This section sets out information that is relevant to Preference Share Linked Securities. 
SECTION G – TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES ....................................... 294 
SECTION G.1 – GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES ................................... 298 
The General Conditions of the Securities set out the general terms and conditions relating to the 
Securities. These are generic provisions that apply to all Securities.

--- Page 27 ---
xxvii 
 
SECTION G.2 – SCHEDULES TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES
  .............................................................................................................................................. 358 
The Underlying Schedules set out the terms and conditions relating to underlying assets. The 
Underlying Schedules applicable to the relevant Series of Securities will depend on which 
underlying asset(s) the Securities are linked to, which information will be detailed in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 1 – SECURITY INDEX CONDITIONS ................................ 358 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 2 – INFLATION INDEX CONDITIONS .............................. 367 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 3 – COMMODITY INDEX CONDITIONS .......................... 372 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 4 – COMMODITY CONDITIONS ........................................ 378 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 5 – SHARE CONDITIONS .................................................... 383 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 6 – DEPOSITARY RECEIPT CONDITIONS ....................... 390 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 7 – EXCHANGE-TRADED FUND (ETF) SHARE 
CONDITIONS ........................................................................................................................ 400 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 8 – MUTUAL FUND CONDITIONS .................................... 407 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 9 – FX RATE CONDITIONS ................................................ 415 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 10 – WARRANT CONDITIONS ........................................... 426 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 11 – PROPRIETARY INDEX CONDITIONS ...................... 427 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 12 – DIVIDEND FUTURES CONTRACT CONDITIONS .. 431 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – RATE CONDITIONS .................................................... 435 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – PREFERENCE SHARE CONDITIONS ........................ 439 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS ................................. 444 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 16 – INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS ...................................... 619 
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE ....................................................................... 626 
The Valuation and Settlement Schedule sets out the economic or 'payout' terms of the Securities. These 
are optional provisions and only certain of these terms will apply to the relevant Series of Securities. The 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement will specify which of the provisions apply to that Series 
of Securities. 
SECTION G.3 – PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS ................................................................... 807 
The Pro Forma Final Terms is a template of the Final Terms document which will be completed 
with the issue specific details of each Tranche of Securities which are not Exempt Securities. 
When completed, the Final Terms should be read in conjunction with General Conditions of the 
Securities, the Underlying Schedules which are expressed in the applicable Final Terms to apply 
to such Tranche of Securities and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule, which together set out 
the terms and conditions of the relevant Series of Securities. 
SECTION G.4 – PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT ................................................... 990 
The Pro Forma Pricing Supplement is a template of the Pricing Supplement document which will 
be completed with the issue specific details of each Tranche of Securities which are Exempt 
Securities. When completed, the Pricing Supplement should be read in conjunction with the 
General Conditions of the Securities, the Underlying Schedules which are expressed in the

--- Page 28 ---
xxviii 
 
applicable Pricing Supplement to apply to such Series of Securities and the Valuation and 
Settlement Schedule, which together set out the terms and conditions of the relevant Tranche of 
Securities. The Pricing Supplement may amend, modify or supplement provisions set out in the 
General Conditions of the Securities, any relevant Underlying Schedule(s) and/or the Valuation 
and Settlement Schedule. 
SECTION H - STRADDLE OFFER SECURITIES ................................................................... 1168 
SECTION I – INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS ............................................................................ 1169 
This section sets out a list of capitalised terms used in the Base Prospectus which have a particular 
definition ascribed to them and detail the page number where that definition can be found. 
SECTION J – NAMES, ADDRESSES AND ROLES ................................................................. 1186 
This section sets out the names and addresses of entities that may perform certain key roles in relation 
to Securities or otherwise in relation to the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 29 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
1 
 
SECTION A – GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
Under the Programme, each Issuer may from time to time issue Notes and CGMFL may from time to 
time issue Certificates (together, the Securities) including, for the avoidance of doubt, Securities issued 
under this Base Prospectus denominated or payable in any currency, subject as set out in this Base 
Prospectus. Securities issued under the Programme will be governed by English law (English Law 
Securities), Irish law (Irish Law Securities) or French law (French Law Securities) as specified in the 
Issue Terms. 
The applicable terms of any Securities will be agreed between the Issuer and, where applicable, the 
relevant Dealer prior to the issue of the Securities and will be set out in the terms and conditions of the 
Securities which, for the purpose of Securities issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, shall mean the 
"Terms and Conditions of the Securities" endorsed on, scheduled to, or incorporated by reference into, 
the Securities, as completed by Part A of the applicable Final Terms or as modified and/or supplemented, 
as applicable, by Part A of the applicable Pricing Supplement in each case, as attached to, or endorsed 
on, such Securities.

--- Page 30 ---
RISK FACTORS 
2 
 
SECTION B – RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Securities, you assume the risk that the Issuer and, where CGMHI is the Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor or, where CGMFL is the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor may become insolvent 
or otherwise be unable to satisfy their obligations in respect of the Securities. There is a wide range of 
factors which individually or together could result in the Issuer and, where CGMHI is the Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor or, where CGMFL is the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor becoming unable to 
satisfy their obligations in respect of the Securities. It is not possible to identify all such factors or to 
determine which factors are most likely to occur, as the Issuer and, where CGMHI is the Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor or, where CGMFL is the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor may not be aware of all 
relevant factors and certain factors which they currently deem not to be material may become material 
as a result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer's and, where CGMHI is the Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor's or, where CGMFL is the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor's control. The Issuer 
and, where CGMHI is the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or, where CGMFL is the Issuer, the CGMFL 
Guarantor have identified in this Base Prospectus a number of factors which could materially 
adversely affect their businesses and ability to make payments due under, or to deliver assets on or in 
connection with, the Securities.  
Each of the risks highlighted below could adversely affect the trading price of the Securities and, as a 
result, you could lose some or all of your investment. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Securities issued under this Base Prospectus are also described below. 
You must read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus including any 
documents incorporated by reference in it and reach your own views prior to making any investment 
decision. 
RISKS RELATING TO CITIGROUP INC., CGMHI, THE CGMHI GUARANTOR, CGMFL 
AND THE CGMFL GUARANTOR 
Set out below are certain risk factors which could have a material adverse effect on the business, 
operations, financial condition or prospects of one or more of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI 
Guarantor, CGMFL and/or the CGMFL Guarantor and cause one or more of Citigroup Inc.'s, CGMHI's, 
the CGMHI Guarantor's, CGMFL's and/or the CGMFL Guarantor's future results to be materially 
different from expected results. Citigroup Inc.'s, CGMHI's, the CGMHI Guarantor's, CGMFL's and/or 
the CGMFL Guarantor's results could also be affected by competition and other factors. The factors 
discussed below should not be regarded as a complete and comprehensive statement of all potential risks 
and uncertainties Citigroup Inc.'s, CGMHI's, the CGMHI Guarantor's, CGMFL's and the CGMFL 
Guarantor's businesses face. Each of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL and the 
CGMFL Guarantor has described only those risks relating to its operations that it considers to be material. 
There may be additional risks that Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL and/or the 
CGMFL Guarantor currently considers not to be material or of which it is not currently aware, and any 
of these risks could have the effects set forth above. You should note that you bear the Issuer's, the 
CGMHI Guarantor's (where the Issuer is CGMHI) and the CGMFL Guarantor's (where the Issuer is 
CGMFL) solvency risk. 
The ability of each of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor to 
fulfil its obligations under the Securities issued by Citigroup Inc., CGMHI or CGMFL, as the case 
may be, is dependent on the earnings of Citigroup Inc.'s subsidiaries 
CGMHI is a holding company that does not engage in any material amount of business activities that 
generate revenues. CGMHI services its obligations primarily with dividends and advances from its 
subsidiaries. Its subsidiaries that operate in the securities businesses can only pay dividends if they are 
in compliance with applicable regulatory requirements imposed on them by federal and state regulatory 
authorities. Its respective subsidiaries may also be subject to credit agreements that also may restrict their 
ability to pay dividends. If such subsidiaries do not realise sufficient earnings to satisfy applicable 
regulatory requirements, or if such requirements are changed to further restrict the ability of such 
subsidiaries to pay dividends to CGMHI, CGMHI's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Securities 
issued by it may be adversely affected, and consequently the value of and return on such Securities may 
also be adversely affected.

--- Page 31 ---
RISK FACTORS 
3 
 
In addition, Citigroup Inc. (also the CGMHI Guarantor in respect of Securities issued by CGMHI) is a 
holding company that does not engage in any material amount of business activities that generate 
revenues. It services its obligations primarily with dividends and advances from its subsidiaries. The 
ability of such subsidiaries to pay dividends or advances are dependent on a number of factors. For 
example, certain of Citigroup Inc.'s subsidiaries have co-branding and private label credit card 
relationships with various retailers and merchants through Group-branded cards and retail services credit 
card businesses. The five largest of these relationships constituted an aggregate of approximately 11% 
of the revenues of Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries (together the Group) for 2019. These relationships 
could be negatively impacted by, among other things, the general economic environment, declining sales 
and revenues or other operational difficulties of the retailer or merchant, termination due to a breach by 
a Group entity or by the retailer or merchant, or other factors, including bankruptcies, liquidations, 
restructurings, consolidations and other similar events that would restrict the ability of the subsidiaries 
of Citigroup Inc. to pay dividends. 
Moreover, Citigroup Inc.'s subsidiaries that operate in the banking, insurance and securities businesses 
can only pay dividends if they are in compliance with applicable regulatory requirements imposed on 
them by federal and state regulatory authorities. Respective subsidiaries may also be subject to credit 
agreements that also may restrict their ability to pay dividends. If such subsidiaries do not realise 
sufficient earnings to satisfy applicable regulatory requirements, or if such requirements are changed to 
further restrict the ability of such subsidiaries to pay dividends to Citigroup Inc., Citigroup Inc.'s ability 
to fulfil its obligations under the Securities issued by it and/or the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee may be 
adversely affected, and consequently the value of and return on the Securities issued by it or CGMHI 
(which have the benefit of a guarantee of the CGMHI Guarantor) may also be adversely affected.  
The subsidiaries of CGMHI and Citigroup Inc. are also exposed to concentrations of risk, particularly 
credit and market risk, as they routinely execute a high volume of securities, trading, derivative and 
foreign exchange transactions with non-U.S. sovereigns and with counterparties in the financial services 
industry. As regulatory or market developments continue to lead to increased centralisation of trading 
activities, these subsidiaries could also experience an increase in concentration of risk to these industries. 
These concentrations of risk could limit the effectiveness of any hedging strategies and cause the 
subsidiaries to incur significant losses, impacting their ability to pay dividends. 
Further, such dividends and/or advances, whether to CGMHI or Citigroup Inc. (or both), may be affected 
by macroeconomic, geopolitical and other challenges, uncertainties and volatilities and the presence of 
certain subsidiaries in emerging markets. For example, numerous uncertainties have arisen in relation to 
the potential impact of the UK's exit from the European Union and the U.S. federal government's 
indication that it may pursue protectionist trade and other policies. These and other global 
macroeconomic and geopolitical challenges have negatively impacted, and could continue to negatively 
impact, the businesses of CGMHI and/or Citigroup Inc.'s subsidiaries. The presence of certain 
subsidiaries in emerging markets subjects them to a number of risks, including sovereign volatility, 
foreign exchange controls and sanctions, and also increases their compliance and regulatory risks and 
costs. As a result, the dividends and/or advances subsidiaries are able to pay may be impacted which 
could have a negative effect on the ability of CGMHI or Citigroup Inc. to fulfil its obligations under the 
Securities, and consequently the value of and return on such Securities may also be adversely affected. 
The ability of CGMFL to fulfil its obligations under the Securities issued by it is dependent on  CGML 
performing its counterparty obligations owed to CGMFL 
CGMFL is subject to intra-group credit risk. From time to time, CGMFL enters into derivative 
transactions with CGML to offset or hedge its liabilities to securityholders under securities issued by it 
(which may include the Securities). As such, CGMFL is exposed to the credit risk of CGML in the form 
of counterparty risk in respect of such derivative transactions. In particular, CGMFL's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Securities is primarily dependent on CGML performing its counterparty obligations 
owed to CGMFL in respect of such derivative transactions in a timely manner, and any failure by CGML 
to do so will negatively affect the ability of CGMFL to fulfil its obligations under the Securities. 
Securityholders will not have any recourse to CGML under any such derivative transactions. 
Macroeconomic and other challenges and uncertainties related to the COVID-19 pandemic will likely 
continue to have negative impacts on the Group's businesses and results of operations and financial 
condition

--- Page 32 ---
RISK FACTORS 
4 
 
The COVID-19 pandemic has become global, affecting all of the countries and jurisdictions where the 
Group operates. The pandemic and responses to it have had, and will likely continue to have, a severe 
impact on global economic conditions, although the impacts will likely vary from time to time by region, 
country or state, largely depending on the duration and severity of the public health consequences, 
including availability of any effective therapeutic or vaccine and public response. These impacts to global 
economic conditions include, among others: 
• 
sharply reduced U.S. and global economic output, resulting in significant losses of employment 
and lower consumer spending, cards purchase sales and loan volumes; 
• 
lower interest rates; 
• 
disruption of global supply chains; 
• 
significant disruption and volatility in financial markets; 
• 
closures, reduced activity and failures of many businesses, leading to loss of revenues and net 
losses; and 
• 
the institution of social distancing and restrictions on movement in and among the United States 
and other countries. 
The pandemic has had, and will likely continue to have, negative impacts on the Group's businesses, 
revenues, expenses, credit costs and overall results of operations and financial condition, which could be 
material. The extent of the impact on the Group's financial performance and operations, including its 
ability to execute its business initiatives and strategies, will continue to depend on future developments 
in the U.S. and globally, which are uncertain and cannot be predicted, including the duration and further 
spread of the disease, as well as the severity of the economic downturn or any delay or weakness in the 
economic recovery. The impact will in part be dependent on government and other actions taken to lessen 
the health and economic repercussions, such as additional fiscal stimulus and/or monetary policy actions, 
medical investments and advances, restrictions on movement of people, transportation and businesses, 
and the effectiveness of past and any future fiscal, monetary and other governmental actions.  
Ongoing legislative and regulatory changes in the U.S. and globally to address the economic impact from 
the pandemic, such as consumer and corporate relief measures and continued lower interest rates, could 
further affect the Group's businesses, credit costs and results. The Group could also face challenges, 
including legal and reputational, and scrutiny in its implementation of and ongoing efforts to provide 
these relief measures. Such implementations and efforts have resulted in, and may continue to result in, 
litigation, including class actions, and regulatory and government actions and proceedings. Such actions 
may result in judgments, settlements, penalties and fines adverse to the Group. In addition, the different 
types of government actions could vary in scale and duration across jurisdictions and regions with 
varying degrees of effectiveness. 
The impact of the pandemic on the Group's consumer and corporate borrowers will also vary by region, 
sector or industry, with some borrowers experiencing greater stress levels, which could lead to increased 
pressure on their results of operations and financial condition, increased borrowings or credit ratings 
downgrades, thus likely leading to higher credit costs. In addition, stress levels ultimately experienced 
by the Group's borrowers may be different from and more intense than assumptions made in earlier 
estimates or models used by the Group, resulting in a further increase in the Group's allowance for credit 
losses or net credit losses. 
The pandemic may not be contained for an extended period of time, due to a further emergence or re-
emergence of widespread infections. A prolonged health crisis could continue to reduce economic 
activity in the U.S. and other countries, resulting in additional declines in employment and business and 
consumer confidence and a prolonged period of lower interest rates. These factors could further 
negatively impact global economic activity and markets and the Group's consumer customers and 
corporate clients; cause a continued decline in the Group's revenues and the demand for its products and 
services; and further increase the Group's credit and other costs. These factors could also cause a 
continued increase in the Group's balance sheet, risk-weighted assets and allowance for credit loss 
reserves, resulting in a decline in regulatory capital ratios or liquidity measures, as well as regulatory 
demands for higher capital levels and/or limitations or reductions in capital distributions (such as

--- Page 33 ---
RISK FACTORS 
5 
 
common share repurchases and dividends). Moreover, any disruption or failure of the Group's 
performance of, or its ability to perform, key business functions, as a result of the continued spread of 
COVID-19 or otherwise, could adversely affect the Group's operations. 
Any disruption to, breaches of or attacks on the Group's information technology systems, including from 
cyber incidents, could have adverse effects on the Group's businesses. These systems are supporting a 
substantial portion of the Group's employees who have been affected by local pandemic restrictions and 
have been forced to work remotely. In addition, these systems interface with and depend on third-party 
systems, and the Group could experience service denials or disruptions if demand for such systems were 
to exceed capacity or if a third-party system fails or experiences any interruptions. The Group has also 
taken measures to maintain the health and safety of its employees; however, these measures could result 
in increased expenses, and widespread illness could negatively affect staffing within certain functions, 
businesses or geographies. In addition, the Group's ability to recruit, hire and onboard employees in key 
areas could be negatively impacted by global pandemic restrictions. 
Further, it is unclear how the macroeconomic business environment or societal norms may be impacted 
after the pandemic. The post-pandemic environment may undergo unexpected developments or changes 
in financial markets, the fiscal, tax and regulatory environments and consumer customer and corporate 
client behaviour. These developments and changes could have an adverse impact on the Group's results 
of operations and financial condition. Ongoing business and regulatory uncertainties and changes may 
make the Group's longer-term business, balance sheet and budget planning more difficult or costly. The 
Group, its management and its businesses may also experience increased or different competitive and 
other challenges in this environment. To the extent that it is not able to adapt or compete effectively, the 
Group could experience loss of business and its results of operations and financial condition could suffer. 
Any negative impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Group, including the relevant Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, could adversely affect the ability of the relevant Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor to fulfil its obligations under the Securities, and consequently the 
value of and return on such Securities may also be adversely affected. 
No Events of Default in respect of the CGMHI Guarantor with regard to insolvency or bankruptcy of 
the CGMHI Guarantor 
You should note that there are no Events of Default in respect of the CGMHI Guarantor with regard to 
the insolvency or bankruptcy of the CGMHI Guarantor (or any similar event), any other default of the 
CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee not being (or being claimed not to be) in full force 
and effect. Therefore, even though the CGMHI Guarantor may be declared bankrupt or enters into 
insolvency proceedings or disclaims the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee, notwithstanding that you are a 
holder of Securities issued by CGMHI, you will not be able to trigger an Event of Default under the 
Securities and thus will not be able to cause the Securities to be immediately due and payable, and the 
Securities will not redeem until maturity (unless there has been an Event of Default due to non-payment 
of interest, principal or termination amounts or bankruptcy or other default of CGMHI in the meantime). 
It is possible that you may receive a lower return at maturity than if you were able to accelerate the 
Securities for immediate repayment in such circumstances. 
Under U.S. banking law, Citigroup Inc. may be required to apply its available funds to support the 
financial position of its banking subsidiaries, rather than to fulfil its obligations under the Securities 
Under longstanding policy of The Board of Governors of the U.S. Federal Reserve System, a bank 
holding company (such as Citigroup Inc.) is expected to act as a source of financial strength for its 
subsidiary banks and to commit resources to support such banks. As a result of that policy, Citigroup 
Inc. may be required to commit resources (in the form of investments or loans) to its subsidiary banks in 
amounts or at times that could adversely affect its ability to also fulfil its obligations under the Securities 
issued by it and/or the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee, and consequently the value of and return on the 
Securities issued by it or CGMHI (which have the benefit of a guarantee of the CGMHI Guarantor) may 
also be adversely affected. 
The inclusion of contractual stay provisions in the terms and conditions of the Securities could 
materially adversely affect the rights of Securityholders in a resolution scenario

--- Page 34 ---
RISK FACTORS 
6 
 
In the autumn of 2017, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the FDIC and the Office 
of the Comptroller of the Currency issued rules (QFC Stay Rules) designed to improve the resolvability 
and resilience of U.S. global systemically important banking organisations (G-SIBs) and the U.S. 
operations of foreign G-SIBs, by mitigating the risk of destabilising closeouts of qualified financial 
contracts (QFCs) in resolution. Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries, including CGMHI, CGMFL and the 
CGMFL Guarantor, are "covered entities" subject to the QFC Stay Rules. Certain of the Securities (such 
Securities, Covered Instruments), the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee 
– to the extent those guarantees relate to Covered Instruments – may qualify as QFCs. 
The QFC Stay Rules seek to eliminate impediments to the orderly resolution of a G-SIB both in a scenario 
where resolution proceedings are instituted by the U.S. regulatory authorities under the Federal Deposit 
Insurance Act or the Orderly Liquidation Authority under Title II of the Dodd Frank Act (OLA) 
(together, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes) as well as in a scenario where the G-SIB is resolved 
under ordinary insolvency proceedings. To achieve this, the QFC Stay Rules require covered entities 
(such as Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, CGMFL and the CGMFL Guarantor) to ensure that their QFCs subject 
to the QFC Stay Rules (including any Securities which are Covered Instruments) (i) contain an express 
contractual recognition of the statutory stay-and-transfer provisions of the U.S. Special Resolution 
Regimes and (ii) do not contain cross-default rights against the covered entity based on an affiliate 
becoming subject to any type of insolvency proceeding or restrictions on the transfer of any related credit 
enhancements (including a guarantee) issued by an affiliate of the covered entity following the affiliate's 
entry into insolvency proceedings.    
To address these requirements, the Terms and Conditions of the Securities contain an express contractual 
recognition that, in the event any of the relevant Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL 
Guarantor becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of 
Securities which are Covered Instruments, and (in relation to Covered Instruments) the CGMHI Deed of 
Guarantee and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee (and the transfer of any interest and obligation in or under 
such Covered Instruments, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee) from the 
Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as applicable, will be effective to the same 
extent as the transfer would be effective under such U.S. Special Resolution Regime. In addition, the 
Terms and Conditions of the Securities contain an express contractual recognition that, in the event any 
of the relevant Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor and any of their affiliates becomes 
subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, default rights against the Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor with respect to the Covered Instruments, the CGMHI Deed 
of Guarantee or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than 
they could be exercised under such U.S. Special Resolution Regime. For these purposes, "default rights" 
include the right to terminate, liquidate or accelerate a QFC or demand payment or delivery thereunder. 
See General Condition 23 (Acknowledgement of the United States Special Resolution Regimes). 
Each of Citigroup Inc., as a U.S. entity incorporated in Delaware, and CGMHI, as a U.S. entity 
incorporated in the State of New York, could be placed into proceedings under OLA if certain 
determinations are made by the applicable U.S. regulatory authorities. However, under the law in effect 
as at the date of this Base Prospectus, although CGMFL and the CGMFL Guarantor are each "covered 
entities" for the purposes of the QFC Stay Rules and are required to include the above-described 
acknowledgements in relevant QFCs, neither CGMFL nor the CGMFL Guarantor, as non-U.S. entities, 
are eligible to be placed into proceedings under the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes.  
The exercise of any power under the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes could materially adversely affect 
the rights of the holders of Securities issued by CGMHI or Citigroup Inc. (e.g. in respect of the right to 
demand payment), and accordingly, the price or value of their investment in any such Security and/or the 
ability of such Issuer to satisfy its obligations under such Securities. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, interpretation of the application of the relevant 
requirements and market practice is continuing to evolve. If you are in any doubt about the 
categorisation of any Securities as QFCs and the effect of any proceeding under a U.S. Special 
Resolution Regime on such Securities, you should take advice from such professional advisers as 
you may deem necessary. 
Ability to Substitute the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor in Insolvency

--- Page 35 ---
RISK FACTORS 
7 
 
The Terms and Conditions of the Securities explicitly provide that nothing in General Condition 17 
(Substitution of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor) shall limit the ability of 
the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor to be substituted upon or following the relevant entity 
becoming subject to a resolution, restructuring, or reorganisation or similar proceeding. This means any 
such substitution of the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor does not have to comply with the 
substitution criteria set out in General Condition 17 (Substitution of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor 
and the CGMFL Guarantor). Any such substitution could adversely affect the rights of Securityholders, 
the price and/or value of their investment in the Securities and/or performance under the CGMHI Deed 
of Guarantee or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee, as the case may be. 
A reduction of the Issuer's and/or, where the Issuer is CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor's and/or, 
where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor's ratings may reduce the market value and 
liquidity of the relevant Securities   
The value of the Securities is expected to be affected, in part, by investors' general appraisal of the 
Issuer's, the CGMHI Guarantor's, the CGMFL Guarantor's and/or their affiliates' creditworthiness. Such 
perceptions are generally influenced by the ratings accorded to the outstanding securities of the relevant 
Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor and/or any of their affiliates by standard statistical 
rating services, such as Moody's, S&P and Fitch. A reduction in the rating, if any, accorded to outstanding 
debt securities (if any) of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor and/or the securities 
issued by any of their affiliates by one of these rating agencies could result in a reduction in the trading 
value of the Securities. 
Each rating agency may reduce, suspend or withdraw any credit ratings of an Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor and/or the CGMFL Guarantor at any time in the future if, in its judgement, circumstances 
warrant a change. No rating agency is obligated to maintain its ratings at their current levels. The rating 
agencies continuously evaluate Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries, and their ratings of Citigroup Inc. and 
its subsidiaries' long-term and short-term debt are based on a number of factors, including financial 
strength, as well as factors not entirely within the control of Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries, such as 
conditions affecting the financial services industry generally. If a rating agency reduces, suspends or 
withdraws its rating of an Issuer and/or, where the Issuer is CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor and/or, 
where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor, and/or any affiliate thereof, the liquidity and market 
value of the Securities and, where applicable, the CGMHI Guarantor's or CGMFL Guarantor's ability to 
fulfil its guarantor obligations are likely to be adversely affected.  
In addition, ratings downgrades by Fitch, Moody's or S&P could have a significant and immediate impact 
on Citigroup Inc.'s funding and liquidity through cash obligations, reduced funding capacity and 
derivative triggers and additional margin requirements.  Ratings downgrades could also have a negative 
impact on other funding sources, such as secured financing and other margin requirements, for which 
there are no explicit triggers. Some entities may also have ratings limitations as to their permissible 
counterparties, of which Citigroup Inc. may or may not be aware. A reduction in Citigroup Inc.'s or its 
subsidiaries' credit ratings could also widen Citigroup Inc.'s credit spreads or otherwise increase its 
borrowing costs and limit its access to the capital markets. Any of the foregoing factors may negatively 
impact the value of and return on the Securities. 
For information on the credit ratings of the Issuers, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor, 
please refer to the sub-section entitled "Credit Ratings" in "Important Information relating to Offers of 
Securities" at page xv above. 
Citigroup Inc. may not be able to maintain adequate liquidity or funding which may result in a 
negative impact on the market value of the Securities issued by it or (in the case of Securities issued 
by CGMHI) its ability to fulfil its guarantor obligations 
As a global financial institution, adequate liquidity and sources of funding are essential to Citigroup Inc.'s 
businesses. Citigroup Inc.'s liquidity and sources of funding can be significantly and negatively impacted 
by factors it cannot control, such as general disruptions in the financial markets, governmental fiscal and 
monetary policies, regulatory changes or negative investor perceptions of Citigroup Inc.'s 
creditworthiness.

--- Page 36 ---
RISK FACTORS 
8 
 
In addition, Citigroup Inc.'s costs to obtain and access secured funding and long-term unsecured funding 
are directly related to its credit spreads. Changes in credit spreads are driven by both external market 
factors and factors specific to Citigroup Inc., and can be highly volatile. 
Moreover, Citigroup Inc.'s ability to obtain funding may be impaired if other market participants are 
seeking to access the markets at the same time, or if market appetite declines, as is likely to occur in a 
liquidity stress event or other market crisis. A sudden drop in market liquidity could also cause a 
temporary or lengthier dislocation of underwriting and capital markets activity. In addition, clearing 
organisations, central banks, clients and financial institutions with which Citigroup Inc. interacts may 
exercise the right to require additional collateral based on their perceptions or the market conditions, 
which could further impair Citigroup Inc.'s access to and cost of funding.  
These factors may negatively impact the market value of the Securities issued by Citigroup Inc. or (in 
the case of Securities issued by CGMHI) Citigroup Inc.'s ability to fulfil its guarantor obligations. 
OECD base erosion and profit shifting 
In May 2013, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) Council at 
Ministerial Level adopted a declaration on base erosion and profit shifting urging the OECD's Committee 
on Fiscal Affairs to develop an action plan to address base erosion and profit shifting in a comprehensive 
manner and in July 2013 the OECD launched an Action Plan on Base Erosion and Profit Shifting, 
identifying 15 specific actions to achieve this (the BEPS Project). These action points relate to, amongst 
other things, restricting the deductibility of interest payments (Action 4), preventing the granting of tax 
treaty benefits in inappropriate circumstances (Action 6) and preventing the artificial avoidance of 
permanent establishment status (Action 7). 
All of the action points have been subject to public consultation and on 5 October 2015 the OECD 
Secretariat published 13 final reports and an explanatory statement outlining consensus actions. The 
BEPS Project is expected to generate changes to tax policy and systems in numerous jurisdictions.  While 
some aspects of the BEPS Project have been provided for in some jurisdictions (such as in the European 
Union by Council Directive (EU) 2016/1164 of 12 July 2016 laying down rules against tax avoidance 
practices that directly affect the functioning of the internal market), it remains unclear the extent to which 
actions will be implemented in other jurisdictions. It is not possible to assess at this stage what impact 
the BEPS Project will have on the tax payable by Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries or whether there 
would be any other adverse tax consequences, any of which could reduce amounts available for 
distribution to Securityholders. 
Actions taken under the Banking Act in relation to the CGMFL Guarantor could materially adversely 
affect the value of and return on Securities issued by CGMFL 
Under the Banking Act 2009 (the Banking Act), substantial powers are granted to HM Treasury, the 
Bank of England, the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority (together, 
the Authorities) as part of a special resolution regime (the SRR). These powers may be exercised in 
respect of certain UK entities (each a relevant entity), including UK investment firms such as the 
CGMFL Guarantor.  
The SRR consists of five stabilisation options and two special insolvency procedures (bank 
administration and bank insolvency). The stabilisation options provide for: (i) private sector transfer of 
all or part of the business of the relevant entity; (ii) transfer of all or part of the business of the relevant 
entity to a bridge bank wholly owned by the Bank of England; (iii) transfer of all or part of the business 
of the relevant entity to an asset management vehicle owned and controlled by the Bank of England; (iv) 
writing down certain claims of unsecured creditors of the relevant entity and/or converting certain 
unsecured debt claims to equity, (the bail-in option), which equity could also be subject to any future 
cancellation, transfer or dilution; and (v) temporary public ownership (nationalisation) of all or part of 
the relevant entity or its UK holding company. In each case, the Authorities have wide powers, for 
example to modify contractual arrangements or disapply or modify laws with possible retroactive effect.  
The relevant stabilisation options may be exercised if (a) the relevant Authority is satisfied that a relevant 
entity is failing or likely to fail, (b) following consultation with the other Authorities, the relevant 
Authority determines that it is not reasonably likely that (ignoring the stabilising options) action will be 
taken that will result in the condition referred to in (a) ceasing to be met and (c) the Authorities consider

--- Page 37 ---
RISK FACTORS 
9 
 
the exercise of the stabilisation options to be necessary, having regard to certain public interest 
considerations. The stabilisation options could be exercised prior to insolvency, and payments to 
Securityholders may be delayed or less than expected. 
By way of example, exercise of the stabilisation options could involve (among other things) modifying 
or disapplying the terms of the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee without Securityholders' consent. This could 
adversely affect their rights, the price or value of their investment and the ability of the CGMFL 
Guarantor to satisfy its obligations.  
In addition, if the CGMFL Guarantor were subject to a partial transfer of its business to another entity, 
the quality of the assets and the quantum of the liabilities not transferred (which may include the CGMFL 
Deed of Guarantee) would negatively affect its creditworthiness. As a result, the CGMFL Guarantor may 
be unable to meet its obligations in respect of the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee or subject to administration 
proceedings.  
In certain circumstances, while Securityholders may have a claim for compensation under the Banking 
Act, they may not recover compensation promptly or equal to losses incurred. 
Action taken under the BRRD in relation to CGMFL could materially adversely affect the value of 
and return on Securities issued by CGMFL 
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing a 
framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as amended (the 
BRRD) was implemented by the Luxembourg act dated 18 December 2015 on the recovery, resolution 
and liquidation of credit institutions and certain investment firms, as amended (the BRR Act 2015) 
(noting that, to date, its last amendment, Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending the BRRD as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity 
of credit institutions and investment firms, still needs to be implemented in Luxembourg). Under the 
BRR Act 2015, the competent authority is the Commission de surveillance du secteur financier (the 
CSSF) and the resolution authority is the CSSF acting as resolution council (Conseil de résolution) (the 
Resolution Council). 
The BRR Act 2015 contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used where the Resolution 
Council considers that (a) an institution is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that 
any alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure of such institution within a reasonable 
timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest. 
The BRR Act 2015 provides for the power to impose a suspension of activities, including a partial or 
complete suspension of the performance of agreements entered into by a Luxembourg incorporated in-
scope entity (such as CGMFL). The BRR Act 2015 also grants the power to the Resolution Council to 
take a number of other resolution measures including (i) a forced sale of all or part of the business of a 
Luxembourg incorporated in-scope entity, (ii) the establishment of an entity wholly or partially in public 
control (a bridge institution), which may limit the capacity of a Luxembourg incorporated in-scope 
entity to meet its repayment obligations, (iii) the forced transfer of all or part of the assets, rights or 
obligations of a Luxembourg incorporated in-scope entity and (iv) the application of the general bail-in 
tool to write down certain claims of unsecured creditors (including to zero) and to convert certain 
unsecured debt claims to equity or other instruments of ownership, which equity or other instruments 
could also be subject to any future cancellation, transfer or dilution.  
If Securities issued by CGMFL are subject to the bail-in tool, holders of such Securities may lose some 
or all of their investment. The terms of the obligations under the Securities may also be varied by the 
Resolution Council (e.g. suspension of payments). In addition, more recent amendments to the BRRD 
and other related pieces of EU legislation provide for a new pre-resolution moratorium tool and new 
powers to suspend performance of agreements (including payment) by the relevant institution (such as 
CGMFL).  
The exercise of the above powers could materially adversely affect the rights of the holders of Securities 
issued by CGMFL, the price or value of their investment in any such Security and/or the ability of 
CGMFL to satisfy its obligations under any such Security.

--- Page 38 ---
RISK FACTORS 
10 
 
In certain circumstances, while Securityholders may have a claim for compensation under the BRR Act 
2015, they may not recover compensation promptly or equal to losses incurred.  
Risks relating to the exercise of any bail-in power by the relevant resolution authority in respect of 
Securities issued by CGMFL and Securityholder agreement to be bound thereby  
The terms and conditions of the Securities provide that each Securityholder of Securities issued by 
CGMFL (CGMFL Securities) (including each holder of a beneficial interest in such CGMFL Securities) 
acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees, notwithstanding any other term of the CGMFL Securities 
or any other agreements, arrangements, or understandings between CGMFL and such Securityholder, by 
its acquisition of such CGMFL Securities (a) to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the bail-in power 
by the relevant resolution authority if the latter were to consider that the amounts due under the CGMFL 
Securities would fall within the scope of the bail-in power, which bail-in power may include and result 
in any of the following, or a combination thereof (i) the reduction of all, or a portion, of the amounts due 
under the CGMFL Securities, (ii) the conversion of all, or a portion, of the amounts due under the 
CGMFL Securities into shares, other securities or other obligations of CGMFL or another person, 
including by means of an amendment, modification or variation of the terms and conditions of the 
CGMFL Securities, in which case the Securityholder agrees to accept, in lieu of any rights under the 
CGMFL Securities, any such shares, other securities or other obligations of CGMFL or another person, 
(iii) the cancellation of the CGMFL Securities, (iv) the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the 
CGMFL Securities or amendment of the amount of interest payable on the CGMFL Securities, or the 
date on which the interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period, 
and (b) if applicable, that the terms and conditions of the CGMFL Securities are subject to, and may be 
varied, if necessary, to give effect to, the exercise of the bail-in power by the relevant resolution authority. 
See General Condition 24 (Agreement and Acknowledgement with Respect to the Exercise of the Bail-in 
Power in Respect of Securities Issued by CGMFL). 
Accordingly, any bail-in power may be exercised in such a manner as to result in Securityholders of the 
CGMFL Securities losing all or a part of the value of their investment in the CGMFL Securities or 
receiving a different security from the CGMFL Securities, which may be worth significantly less than 
the CGMFL Securities and which may have significantly fewer protections than those typically afforded 
to debt securities (and holders of those securities may be subject to liabilities to which they would not be 
subject as the holder of debt securities). Moreover, the relevant resolution authority may exercise its 
authority to implement the bail-in power without providing any advance notice to Securityholders of the 
CGMFL Securities. 
Anti-tax avoidance directives  
Directive 2016/1164/EU, the so-called anti-tax avoidance directive (ATAD), was adopted on 12 July 
2016 to implement in the EU Member States' domestic legal frameworks common measures to tackle tax 
avoidance practices. ATAD lays down (i) controlled foreign company rules, (ii) anti-hybrid mismatches 
within the EU context rules, (iii) general interest limitation rules, (iv) a general anti-abuse rule, and (v) 
exit taxation rules. Following the adoption of ATAD, the EU Member States decided to go further as 
regards hybrid-mismatches with third countries, and adopted the Directive 2017/952/EU (ATAD 2) 
amending the ATAD provisions with respect to anti-hybrid mismatches, on 29 May 2017. ATAD must 
be implemented by the EU Member States as of 1 January 2019, and ATAD 2 as of 1 January 2020. 
Luxembourg adopted (i) the Law of 21 December 2018 implementing ATAD with effect as of 1 January 
2019 and (ii) the Law of 20 December 2019 implementing ATAD 2 with effect as of 1 January 2020 
(except for the reverse hybrid mismatch rules, which should apply as of 1 January 2022). These rules 
could increase the taxable base of the Securities issued by CGMFL and/or reduce amounts available for 
distribution to Securityholders.  
RISKS RELATING TO SECURITIES GENERALLY 
An investment in Securities involves risks (as further described in the paragraphs below) and should only 
be made after assessing the direction, timing and magnitude of potential future market changes (e.g. in 
the value of the security indices, inflation indices, commodity indices, commodities, shares, depositary 
receipts, exchange traded funds, mutual funds, currencies, warrants, proprietary indices, dividend futures 
contracts, interest rates, preference shares or other items which comprise or relate to the Underlying(s)), 
as well as the terms and conditions of the Securities. More than one risk factor may have simultaneous

--- Page 39 ---
RISK FACTORS 
11 
 
effects with regard to the Securities such that the effect of a particular risk factor may not be predictable. 
In addition, more than one risk factor may have a compounding effect, which may not be predictable. 
Potential loss of some or all of the investment 
You should be prepared to sustain a total or partial loss of the purchase price of your Securities.  
Other than any Securities having a scheduled minimum redemption value, Securities purchased may be 
worthless on redemption. In addition, the Securities will only redeem at an amount equivalent to at least 
the issue price if the applicable Issue Terms provide that the Redemption Amount at maturity is an 
amount equivalent to at least such amount. If the Securities provide that the Redemption Amount may 
be less than the issue price, such Securities may be redeemed at an amount less than such price. If the 
Securities are redeemed at less than the issue price or the Securities are cancelled or repaid early in 
accordance with their terms, the amount received by you, as a holder of such Securities, may be less than 
your initial investment.  
Furthermore, the Securities may be traded in the secondary market or redeemed early, and if so, the price 
for which a Security may be sold or redeemed early may be less than the principal amount of such 
Security and/or your initial investment in such Securities. 
For Securities which are linked to Underlying(s), in order to recover and realise a return upon your 
investment, you must generally be correct about the direction, timing and magnitude of an anticipated 
change in the value of the relevant Underlying(s). Assuming all other factors are held constant, the more 
a Security is "out-of-the-money" and the shorter its remaining term to maturity, the greater the risk that 
you will lose all or part of your investment. The only means through which you can realise value from a 
Security prior to the maturity date in relation to such Security is to sell it at its then market price in an 
available secondary market (if any). Fluctuations in the value or the yield (if applicable) or the relevant 
rates of exchange (if applicable) of the relevant Underlying(s) will affect the value of the relevant 
Securities. You risk losing your entire investment if the value of the relevant Underlying(s) does not 
move in the anticipated direction.  
Further, you may receive no interest during the term of the Securities. 
Securities are unsecured obligations and subject to the credit risk of the Issuer and/or Guarantor 
All Securities will be unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and all Securities issued by 
it will rank equally among themselves and with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer. The obligations of the CGMHI Guarantor under the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee will be 
unsecured and unsubordinated and will rank pari passu with all other outstanding unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the CGMHI Guarantor. The obligations of the CGMFL Guarantor under 
the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee will be unsecured and unsubordinated and will rank pari passu with all 
other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the CGMFL Guarantor. See General 
Condition 4 (Status). 
The Issuer's obligations under the Securities issued by it, the CGMHI Guarantor's obligations under the 
CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and the CGMFL Guarantor's obligations under the CGMFL Deed of 
Guarantee represent general contractual obligations of each respective entity and of no other person. 
Only Securities issued by CGMHI will be guaranteed by the CGMHI Guarantor. Only Securities issued 
by CGMFL will be guaranteed by the CGMFL Guarantor. Securities issued by Citigroup Inc. will not be 
guaranteed by any entity. 
Accordingly, all payments under the Securities are subject to the credit risk of the Issuer and, where the 
Issuer is CGMHI, of the CGMHI Guarantor or, where the Issuer is CGMFL, of the CGMFL Guarantor. 
Securityholders will not have recourse to any secured assets of the Issuer and, where the Issuer is 
CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor or, where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor in the event that 
the Issuer or the relevant Guarantor is unable to meet its obligations under the Securities, including e.g. 
in the event of an insolvency, and therefore risk losing some or all of their investment. 
A sale of Securities prior to their scheduled redemption may result in a loss to the investor  
The value of Securities prior to their scheduled redemption varies as the price or level of the 
Underlying(s) varies, as well as due to a number of other interrelated factors, including (i) the trading

--- Page 40 ---
RISK FACTORS 
12 
 
price of the relevant Securities, (ii) the value and volatility of the Underlying(s), (iii) the remaining tenor, 
(iv) in the case of Cash Settled Securities, the probable range of any Redemption Amounts, (v) any 
change(s) in interim interest rates and dividend yields if applicable, (vi) any change(s) in currency 
exchange rates, (vii) the depth of the market or liquidity of the Underlying(s) and (viii) any related 
transaction costs. Depending on the above factors (e.g. if movements in the price or level of the 
Underlying(s) reduce the probable range of any Redemption Amounts), a sale of Securities prior to their 
scheduled redemption may be at a substantial discount from the original purchase price and you may lose 
some or all of your investment. 
Securities which are issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market value of any Securities issued at a substantial discount or premium to their principal amount 
or issue or offer price tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices 
for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such 
Securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities 
with comparable maturities. Such price volatility could lead to a greater loss than otherwise on any sale 
of the Security prior to its scheduled redemption or an inability to sell the Security in the secondary 
markets. 
Impact of fees, commissions and/or inducements on the Issue Price and/or offer price 
The Issue Price and/or offer price of Securities may include fees and/or other commissions and 
inducements (e.g. placement fees, distribution fees, structuring fees). Any such fees and/or other 
commissions and inducements will not be taken into account for the purposes of determining the price 
of such Securities in the secondary market and will result in a difference between the Issue Price and/or 
offer price of the Securities and the bid/offer price quoted by any intermediary in the secondary market. 
Any such difference will result in a decrease in the value of an issue of Securities and consequently a 
loss to the investor, particularly in relation to any such Securities sold immediately following the issue 
date or offer period relating to such Securities.  
The secondary market 
Securities may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop, so investors 
should be prepared to hold their Securities until maturity. If a market does develop, it may not be very 
liquid and may be sensitive to changes in financial markets and you may not be able to find a timely 
and/or suitable purchaser. If it is possible to sell Securities, they would be sold for the prevailing bid 
price in the market and may be subject to a transaction fee. The prevailing bid price may be affected by 
several factors including the performance of any relevant Underlying, prevailing interest rates at the time 
of sale, the time remaining to the stated maturity date, the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or, where 
the Issuer is CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor and/or, where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor 
and factors affecting the capital markets generally. The introduction of additional or competing products 
in the market may also have a negative effect on the price of any Securities.  
Consequently, you may not be able to sell your Securities easily or at all or at prices that will provide 
you with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market or at prices 
equal to or higher than your initial investment and in fact any such price may be substantially less than 
the original purchase price. Therefore, in establishing your investment strategy, you should ensure that 
the term of the Securities is in line with your future liquidity requirements. This is particularly the case 
should the relevant Issuer be in financial distress, which may result in any sale of the Securities having 
to be at a substantial discount to their principal amount or issue or offer price, or for Securities that are 
especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment 
objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories 
of investors. These types of Securities generally would have a more limited secondary market and more 
price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the 
market value of Securities. The liquidity of Securities is also influenced by the type of investor to whom 
such Securities are sold. To the extent that an issue of Securities is or becomes illiquid, you may have to 
hold the relevant Securities until maturity before you are able to realise value. 
The Issuer may, but is not obliged to, list an issue of Securities on a stock exchange or regulated market. 
If Securities are not listed or traded on any stock exchange or regulated market, pricing information for

--- Page 41 ---
RISK FACTORS 
13 
 
the relevant Securities may be more difficult to obtain and the liquidity of such Securities may be 
adversely affected. 
If Securities are not listed or traded on a stock exchange or regulated market, they may be traded on 
trading systems governed by the laws and regulations in force from time to time (e.g. multilateral trading 
systems or "MTFs") or in other trading systems (e.g. bilateral systems or equivalent trading systems). In 
the event that trading in such Securities takes place outside any such stock exchange, regulated market 
or trading systems, the manner in which the price of such Securities is determined may be less transparent 
and the liquidity of such Securities may be adversely affected. You should note that none of the Issuer, 
(if applicable) the Guarantor and any Dealer grants any warranty to Securityholders as to the 
methodologies used to determine the price of Securities which are traded outside a trading system. 
However, where the Issuer or any of its affiliates determines the price of such Securities, it will take into 
account the market parameters applicable at such time in accordance with applicable provisions of law. 
Even if Securities are listed and/or admitted to trading, this will not necessarily result in greater liquidity. 
Each of the Issuer, (if applicable) the Guarantor and any Dealer may, but is not obliged to, at any time 
purchase Securities at any price in the open market or by tender or private agreement. Any Securities so 
purchased may be held or resold or surrendered for cancellation. If such Securities are surrendered for 
cancellation, then the number of Securities outstanding will decrease, which will reduce liquidity for the 
outstanding Securities. Any such activities may have an adverse effect on the price of the relevant 
Securities in the secondary market and/or the existence of a secondary market. 
Any of the Issuer, (if applicable) the Guarantor or any Dealer or affiliate of any such entity, as, where 
applicable, part of its activities as a broker and dealer in fixed income and equity securities and related 
products or otherwise, may make a secondary market in relation to any Securities and may provide an 
indicative bid price on a daily basis. Any indicative prices so provided shall be determined by the relevant 
party in its sole discretion taking into account prevailing market conditions and shall not be a 
representation by such party that any Securities can be purchased or sold at such prices (or at all) and 
any of the parties specified above may suspend or terminate making a market and providing indicative 
prices without notice, at any time and for any reason. In these circumstances, there may be no market for 
the relevant Securities and you should not assume that such a market will exist. Accordingly you must 
be prepared to hold the Securities until the maturity date, and may not be able to sell them prior to such 
date or, if you can, you may only be able to do so for a loss. 
Change of law (including applicable tax law) or tax practice 
The Terms and Conditions of the Securities are based on relevant laws in effect as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to 
such laws or administrative practices after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could 
materially adversely impact the value of any Securities affected by it. 
In addition any relevant tax law, regulations or practice applicable as at the date of this Base Prospectus 
and/or the date of purchase or subscription of any Securities may change at any time (including during 
any subscription period or the term of any Securities) and it is not possible to predict the precise tax 
treatment which will apply to the Securities at any given time. Any such change may have an adverse 
effect on you including that your Securities may be redeemed before their due date, their liquidity may 
decrease and/or the tax treatment of amounts payable or receivable by or to you may be less favourable 
than otherwise expected by you. 
Risks related to implementation of regulatory reform 
Implementation of U.S. federal financial reform legislation may affect the value of Underlying(s) and 
the ability to hedge the Issuer's obligations under the Securities. This may in turn affect the market value, 
trading price and viability of, and return on, the Securities. This is because the amounts received and/or 
value of assets deliverable under the Securities will depend on (among other things) the performance of 
any such Underlying(s) and the Securities may be subject to early redemption as a result of events related 
to hedging arrangements. In addition, amounts and/or assets due under the Securities may be reduced to 
reflect costs related to hedging arrangements.  
For example, the Dodd-Frank Act would, upon full implementation, impose limits on the maximum 
position that could be held by a single dealer in certain of the Underlying(s) and may subject certain

--- Page 42 ---
RISK FACTORS 
14 
 
transactions to new forms of regulation that could create barriers and increase costs in relation to some 
types of hedging activity by the Issuer and/or any Hedging Party or any of their respective affiliates. 
Other provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act could require certain Underlying(s) or hedging transactions to 
be cleared, traded on a regulated exchange and reported to regulators, central data repositories and, in 
some cases, the public, which may also affect their value, viability and cost. The Dodd-Frank Act also 
expands entity registration requirements and imposes business conduct requirements on persons active 
in the swaps market (which may include new capital and margin requirements), which may affect the 
value of relevant Underlying(s) or value and/or cost of hedging transactions. Such regulation may 
consequently affect the market value, trading price and viability of, and return on, the Securities. 
Changes in exchange rates and exchange controls could result in a loss of the value of the Securities 
and payments in respect thereof in relation to the currency of your jurisdiction  
An investment in Securities denominated in a Specified Currency and/or payable in a currency other than 
the currency of your jurisdiction (your currency) entails significant risks that are not associated with a 
similar investment in a security denominated in your currency. These risks include, but are not limited 
to: 
• 
the possibility of significant market changes in rates of exchange between your currency and 
the Specified Currency and/or payment currency; 
• 
the possibility of significant changes in rates of exchange between your currency and the 
Specified Currency and/or payment currency resulting from the official redenomination or 
revaluation of the Specified Currency and/or payment currency; and 
• 
the possibility of the imposition or modification of foreign exchange controls by either your 
jurisdiction or foreign governments. 
These risks generally depend on factors over which none of the Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor 
has any control and which cannot be readily foreseen, such as economic and political events and the 
supply of, and demand for, the relevant currencies. 
In recent years, rates of exchange between some foreign currencies in which the Securities may be 
denominated and/or payable have been volatile. This volatility may be expected in the future. 
Fluctuations that have occurred in any particular exchange rate in the past are not necessarily indicative, 
however, of fluctuation that may occur in the rate during the term of any Security.  Depreciation of the 
Specified Currency and/or payment currency of a Security against your currency would result in a 
decrease in the effective yield of such Security below its coupon rate (if applicable) and could result in a 
substantial loss to you in terms of your currency. 
Governments and monetary authorities have imposed from time to time, and may in the future impose, 
exchange controls that could affect applicable exchange rates as well as the availability of a Specified 
Currency and/or payment currency at the time of payment of any amounts on any Security. There can be 
no assurance that exchange controls will not restrict or prohibit payments under the Securities which are 
denominated in any such Specified Currency and/or payment currency. Even if there are no actual 
exchange controls, it is possible that a Specified Currency and/or payment currency would not be 
available to the Issuer and/or, where the Issuer is CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor and/or, where the 
Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor when payments on a Security are due because of circumstances 
beyond the control of the Issuer and/or the CGMHI Guarantor and/or the CGMFL Guarantor. Any such 
restriction, prohibition or unavailability of the relevant currency may negatively affect the value of and 
return on the Securities, and could result in a substantial loss to you. 
The above risks may be increased if any Specified Currency and/or payment currency and/or your 
currency is the currency of an emerging market jurisdiction. 
The unavailability of currencies could result in a loss of value of the Securities and payments 
thereunder 
The currency in which payments on a Security are required to be made may be redenominated, for 
example, because such currency is:

--- Page 43 ---
RISK FACTORS 
15 
 
• 
unavailable due to the imposition of exchange controls or other circumstances beyond the 
Issuer's and/or, where the Issuer is CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor's and/or, where the Issuer is 
CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor's control; 
• 
no longer used by the government of the country issuing the currency; or 
• 
no longer used for the settlement of transactions by public institutions of the international 
banking community. 
Where the currency in which payments in respect of a Security is officially redenominated, other than as 
a result of Economic and Monetary Union, such as by an official redenomination of any such currency 
that is a composite currency, then the payment obligations of the Issuer and/or, where the Issuer is 
CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor and/or, where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor on such 
Security immediately following the redenomination will be the amount of redenominated currency that 
represents the amount of the Issuer's and/or, where the Issuer is CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor's and/or, 
where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor's obligations immediately before the 
redenomination.  
The Securities will not provide for any adjustment to any amount payable as a result of: 
• 
any change in the value of the Specified Currency and/or payment currency of those Securities 
relative to any other currency due solely to fluctuations in exchange rates; or 
• 
any redenomination of any component currency of any composite currency, unless that 
composite currency is itself officially redenominated. 
Accordingly, a currency redenomination may result in a material adverse loss of the value of and return 
on the Securities. 
Meetings of Securityholders and Modifications 
Securities other than French law Securities 
The Terms and Conditions of the Securities contain provisions for calling meetings of Securityholders 
to consider matters which may have a general or specific effect upon your interests. Matters decided at 
such meetings may have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on the Securities, and further, 
the vote of a defined majority may be binding on all Securityholders, including those Securityholders 
who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting, and Securityholders who voted in a manner contrary 
to the majority. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Securities also provide that the Issuer and, where the Issuer is CGMHI, 
the CGMHI Guarantor or, where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor may make, without the 
consent of the Securityholders, (i) any modification to the Securities, the Fiscal Agency Agreement, the 
relevant Swedish Agency Agreement, the Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, the 
relevant Deed of Covenant, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and/or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee 
which, in the opinion of the Issuer, is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Securityholders or 
(ii) any modification to the Securities, the Fiscal Agency Agreement, the relevant Swedish Agency 
Agreement, the Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, the Deeds of Covenant, the 
CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and/or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee which is of a formal, minor or 
technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or proven error or to comply with mandatory 
provisions of the law. In determining what is "materially prejudicial", the Issuer shall not consider the 
individual circumstances of any Securityholder or the tax or other consequences of such modification in 
any jurisdiction. Any such amendment to the Securities could have a material adverse effect on the value 
of and return on the Securities or, without limitation, a Securityholder's tax, regulatory or accounting 
treatment of such Securities. 
French Law Securities 
In the case of French Law Securities, the Terms and Conditions of the Securities can only be amended if 
there is a meeting of the Securityholders in accordance with French law. The positive vote of two-thirds 
or more of Securityholders will bind the remaining Securityholders in accordance with Article L. 228-
65-II of the French Code de commerce.

--- Page 44 ---
RISK FACTORS 
16 
 
In respect of French Law Securities which have a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000 or 
which can be traded in amounts of at least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as of 
the Issue Date), the Issuer may amend the Conditions of the Securities without the consent of the 
Securityholders to correct a manifest error. 
See further General Condition 12 (Meetings of Securityholders, Modifications, Determinations and 
Rounding). 
Certain considerations relating to public offers of Securities in the EEA 
For the purposes of this risk factor, references to the EEA include the United Kingdom. 
As described in the applicable Final Terms, Securities that are not Exempt Securities may be distributed 
by means of a public offer made in the specified Member State(s) of the EEA during an offer period 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. During such offer period, the Issuer and/or any other person 
specified in the applicable Final Terms may reserve the right to cancel such offer and/or to scale back 
applications for such offer in the event of over-subscription or such other circumstances as are specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. In such circumstances, an applicant investor may not be issued any 
Securities or may be issued a number of Securities which is less than the amount for which such applicant 
investor applied. Any payments made by an applicant investor or, in the case of public offers in Italy any 
amount segregated by a distributor as intended payment of the offer price by an applicant investor, for 
Securities that are not issued to such applicant investor for any such reason will be refunded. However, 
there will be a time lag in making any reimbursement, no interest or compensation will be payable in 
respect of any such amounts and the applicant investor may be subject to reinvestment risk.  
In addition, the Issuer and/or the other entities specified in the applicable Final Terms may terminate the 
offer early by immediate suspension of the acceptance of further subscription requests and by giving 
notice to the public in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. Any such termination may occur, 
even where the maximum amount for subscription in relation to that offer (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms), has not been reached and, in such circumstances, the early closing of the offer may have 
an impact on the aggregate number of Securities issued. This may in turn have an adverse effect on the 
liquidity of the relevant Securities, with the result that you may not be able to sell the Securities prior to 
the maturity date or, if you can, that you may only be able to do so for a loss. 
Further, you should note that, in certain circumstances, Securities may not be issued on the originally 
designated issue date, for example because either the Issuer and/or any other person specified in the 
applicable Final Terms has reserved the right to postpone such issue date or, following the publication 
of a supplement to this Base Prospectus the Issuer has decided to postpone such issue date to allow 
investors who had made applications to subscribe for Securities before the date of publication of such 
Supplement to exercise their right to withdraw their acceptances. In the event that the issue date is so 
delayed, no interest shall accrue (if applicable) until the issue date of the Securities and no compensation 
shall be payable. 
Further, you should note that the applicable Final Terms may also provide that the effectiveness of an 
offer of Securities in the Republic of Italy will be conditional upon admission to listing (in the case of a 
regulated market) or to trading (in the case of a multilateral trading facility) occurring by the issue date. 
In such case, in the event that such admission to listing or, as the case may be, trading of the Securities 
does not take place by the issue date for whatever reason, the Issuer will withdraw the offer, the offer 
will be deemed to be null and void and the relevant Securities will not be issued. As a consequence, you 
will not receive any Securities, any subscription rights you have for the Securities will be cancelled and 
you will not be entitled to any compensation therefor. 
Determinations and potential conflicts of interest 
The terms of the Securities confer on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and certain other persons some 
discretion in making judgements, determinations and calculations in relation to the Securities including, 
inter alia, Underlying(s) and the occurrence of various events. The Issuer, the Calculation Agent or such 
other persons will act in good faith and in its sole and absolute discretion or in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms), but there can be no 
assurance that the exercise of any such discretion will not affect the value of the Securities or result in 
the occurrence of an early repayment at an amount less than an investor's initial investment.

--- Page 45 ---
RISK FACTORS 
17 
 
Where the Calculation Agent is an affiliate of the Issuer, potential conflicts of interest may exist between 
the Calculation Agent and Securityholders, including with respect to such judgements, determinations 
and calculations that the Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Securities that may influence the 
amount receivable or specified assets deliverable in respect of the Securities. 
Any of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor and/or their 
affiliates and/or any third parties or entities which are not subject to regulation under the laws of the 
United States, the EEA or the United Kingdom may be the sponsor of an Underlying and may publish 
values or prices or other projections of creditworthiness in respect of an Underlying. Any of Citigroup 
Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor and/or any of their affiliates may 
also from time to time engage in transactions involving Underlying(s) for their proprietary accounts or 
for other accounts under their management, subject to requirements of all applicable laws and 
regulations. Any of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor 
and/or their affiliates may also issue other derivative instruments in respect of any Underlying(s). Any 
of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor, and/or their 
affiliates may also act as underwriter or counterparty in connection with future offerings of shares or 
other securities or obligations related to an issue of Securities or may act as financial adviser to certain 
companies or companies whose securities are Underlying(s) in respect of one or more issues of Securities 
or in a commercial banking capacity for such companies. These activities may have a negative effect on 
the value of the relevant Underlying(s) and consequently upon the value of the Securities. 
Any of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor, any Dealer 
and/or any of their affiliates may at the date of this Base Prospectus or at any time hereafter be in 
possession of information in relation to an Underlying that is or may be material and may or may not be 
publicly available to Securityholders. There is no obligation on any of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the 
CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor, or any Dealer to disclose to any potential investors 
in Securities or to Securityholders any such information. 
Any of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor, any Dealer 
and/or any of their affiliates may have existing or future business relationships with the issuer of, or other 
entity associated with, any Underlying(s) (including, but not limited to, lending, depositary, risk 
management, advisory and banking relationships), and will pursue actions and take steps that they or it 
deems necessary or appropriate to protect their and/or its interests arising therefrom without regard to 
the consequences for you, which could have a material adverse impact on the value of and return on the 
Securities. 
Where Securities are offered to the public, as the relevant Dealer(s) and any distributors act pursuant to 
a mandate granted by the Issuer and they receive fees on the basis of the services performed and the 
outcome of the placement of such Securities, potential conflicts of interest could arise. 
Substitution of CGMFL and/or the CGMFL Guarantor 
In relation to Securities where "Substitution provisions" are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, and the Issuer is CGMFL, either the Issuer or the CGMFL Guarantor may, without the consent 
of the holders, but subject to certain conditions, substitute for itself in respect of such Securities or, if 
applicable, in respect of the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee, another company. 
Depending on whether "Additional Requirements" are specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, amongst other conditions, the substitute company, on the date of such substitution, must 
either (i) be, in the opinion of the Issuer or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, of at least 
equivalent standing and creditworthiness to it, or (ii) have a long term credit rating from at least one 
rating agency of standard application on the international capital markets (including but not limited to 
Standard & Poor's, Moody's Investors Service and Fitch Ratings) which is at least as high as the Issuer 
or the CGMFL Guarantor (as the case may be) being substituted. 
Any such substitution could have a material adverse impact on the rights of Securityholders, the value of 
and return on the Securities and/or performance under the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee. 
See further General Condition 17 (Substitution of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL 
Guarantor).

--- Page 46 ---
RISK FACTORS 
18 
 
Realisation Disruption 
Other than in the case of Preference Share Linked Securities, if "Realisation Disruption" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and a Realisation Disruption Event occurs (being, in summary, 
either (i) an event which imposes restrictions or taxes, charges or deductions in respect of the Securities 
and/or on hedging arrangements in respect of the Securities which would materially restrict, or materially 
increase the cost of, the Issuer's obligations under the Securities or materially restrict, or materially 
increase the cost of, any Hedging Party's obligations under any such hedging arrangements, or (ii) the 
occurrence or existence of any event which either materially restricts the exchange, delivery or transfer 
of the currency of payment of the Securities or of any hedging arrangements in respect of the Securities 
or restricts the determination of any exchange rate in relation to any such currency), then either (a) the 
terms and conditions of the Securities (including any payment or delivery obligations) may be adjusted 
in order to reflect the economic effect of the particular Realisation Disruption Event or (b) the Issuer may 
redeem the Securities.  
Any such adjustments by the Calculation Agent may include (but are not limited to): (i) payments under 
the Securities being made in a different currency to the previously specified payment currency of the 
Securities; (ii) deduction of applicable taxes, charges or deductions from payments due in respect of the 
Securities resulting in reduced amounts paid in respect of the Securities or delivery of any Entitlement 
being subject to payment by the relevant Securityholder of an amount equal to a pro rata portion of any 
such tax, charge or deduction; (iii) delay of payments or deliveries in respect of the Securities until the 
relevant restrictions are lifted; (iv) determination of relevant exchange rates by the Calculation Agent 
taking into consideration all available information that it deems relevant, which may result in a different 
rate to that which would have applied had the Realisation Disruption Event not occurred; and (v) (where 
legally permissible) in lieu of paying any cash amounts in respect of the Securities, procuring the physical 
delivery of any Underlying(s) (or vice versa). Any of the above adjustments could produce a materially 
different redemption to that originally anticipated in respect of the Securities and could have a material 
adverse impact on the value of and return on the Securities. 
If the Securities are redeemed early pursuant to (b) of the first paragraph above, the Issuer will pay to 
you, as a holder of such Securities, an amount calculated in accordance with the method specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The amount repaid to you could be 
substantially less than your initial investment and you would therefore sustain a loss. 
See further Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(j) (Realisation Disruption). 
Occurrence of an Underlying RMB Currency Event 
An Underlying RMB Currency Event refers to the occurrence of an Underlying RMB Inconvertibility, 
Underlying RMB Non-transferability or Underlying RMB Illiquidity (each, as defined in the Valuation 
and Settlement Conditions). If "Underlying RMB Currency Event" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms and if such event occurs, the Calculation Agent may direct the Issuer to opt to (a) 
postpone any payment in RMB due under the Securities to a later date (being 10 Business Days following 
the date on which such Underlying RMB Currency Event ceases to exist); or (b) replace the Issuer's 
obligation to pay in RMB by an obligation to pay such amount in the RMB Relevant Currency converted 
using the RMB Spot Rate for the relevant RMB Determination Date. Alternatively, the Issuer may early 
redeem each Security at its Early Redemption Amount.  
In case of (a) or (b), investors may receive a late payment or depending on the conversion rate that is 
applied, a payment less than the anticipated amount(s) due in respect of the Securities. If the Securities 
are early redeemed pursuant to (b), the Issuer will pay to you, as a holder of such Securities, an amount 
calculated in accordance with the method specified in the applicable Issue Terms, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. The amount repaid to you could be substantially less than your initial investment and 
you would therefore sustain a loss. 
See further Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(k) (Occurrence of an Underlying RMB Currency 
Event). 
Illegality in relation to Securities

--- Page 47 ---
RISK FACTORS 
19 
 
If "Illegality" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and the Issuer determines 
that the performance of its obligations under an issue of Securities or, where the Issuer is CGMHI, the 
CGMHI Guarantor determines that the performance of its obligations under the CGMHI Deed of 
Guarantee in respect of such Securities or, where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor 
determines that the performance of its obligations under the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee in respect of 
such Securities has become illegal in whole or in part for any reason, the Issuer may redeem the Securities 
early and, if and to the extent permitted by applicable law, will pay to you, as a holder of such Securities 
(i) in respect of Underlying Linked Securities, an amount calculated in respect of such Securities, 
notwithstanding such illegality, in accordance with the method specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
and (ii) in respect of Securities other than Underlying Linked Securities, an amount calculated pursuant 
to the relevant Condition or as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. The amount repaid to you could 
be substantially less than your initial investment and you would therefore sustain a loss. 
Section 871(m) Event 
In circumstances that constitute a "Section 871(m) Event" (being the occurrence at any time of 
circumstances in which the Issuer, and/or, where the Issuer is CGMHI or CGMFL, the relevant Guarantor 
and/or any Hedging Party is (or, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, there is a reasonable 
likelihood that, within the next 30 Business Days, the Issuer and/or, where the Issuer is CGMHI or 
CGMFL, the relevant Guarantor and/or any Hedging Party will become) subject to any withholding or 
reporting obligations pursuant to Section 871(m) (as defined in "Risks relating to the United States Tax 
Treatment of the Securities") with respect to the relevant Securities and/or the Deed of Guarantee and/or, 
save where the relevant Issue Terms specify that "Section 871(m) Event (Hedging Positions)" is not 
applicable, any underlying Hedging Positions), if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
an Early Redemption Event will occur in which case the relevant Securities may be redeemed as more 
fully set out in the terms and conditions of such Securities. 
If the Securities are so redeemed early, the Issuer will pay to you, as a holder of such Securities, an 
amount calculated in accordance with the method specified in the applicable Issue Terms, or such other 
amount as is specified in the Valuation and Settlement Schedule and in the applicable Issue Terms. The 
amount repaid to you could be substantially less than your initial investment and you would therefore 
sustain a loss. 
Risks relating to the United States tax treatment of the Securities  
Possible Taxable Event for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes 
Certain modifications to the terms of the Securities could be treated as "significant modifications" of the 
Securities for U.S. federal income tax purposes, in which case the Securities would be treated, in whole 
or part, as retired and reissued. Significant modifications could include a designation by the Issuer of a 
Substitute for itself and the designation of a substitute or successor rate.  
In the event of a significant modification, a U.S. Holder (as defined under "Section F.8—Taxation of 
Securities" in this Base Prospectus) would generally be required to recognise gain or loss (subject to 
possible treatment as a recapitalisation or, in the case of loss, to the possible application of the wash sale 
rules) with respect to the Securities. Moreover, the treatment of the Securities after such an event could 
differ from their prior treatment. A changed treatment of the Securities could have possible withholding 
tax consequences to Non-U.S. Holders (as defined under "Section F.8—Taxation of Securities" in this 
Base Prospectus).  Prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisors regarding the risk of such an 
event. 
Possible U.S. Federal Withholding Tax under Section 871(m)  
Section 871(m) (Section 871(m)) of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
Code), imposes a 30 per cent. (or lower treaty rate) withholding tax on certain "dividend equivalents" 
paid or deemed paid to Non-U.S. Holders (as defined under "Section F.8—Taxation of Securities" in this 
Base Prospectus) with respect to financial instruments linked to U.S. equities or indices that include U.S. 
equities under certain circumstances. Treasury regulations promulgated under Section 871(m) may 
require withholding on Non-U.S. Holders in respect of dividend equivalents deemed paid under certain 
Securities, regardless of whether the Securities are issued by the U.S. Issuer or the Non-U.S. Issuer (as 
defined under "Section F.8—Taxation of Securities" in this Base Prospectus). Under these regulations,

--- Page 48 ---
RISK FACTORS 
20 
 
this withholding regime generally applies to Securities that substantially replicate the economic 
performance of one or more underlying U.S. equities, as determined based on one of two tests set forth 
in the regulations. However, based on an Internal Revenue Service (IRS) notice, Securities issued prior 
to 2023 will generally be subject to withholding tax only if they have a "delta" of one with respect to the 
relevant underlying U.S. equity. The regulations provide certain other exceptions to this withholding 
regime, in particular for instruments linked to certain broad-based indices that meet requirements set 
forth in the regulations as well as instruments linked to securities that track such indices. The Issuer will 
not be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of amounts withheld under Section 871(m), and 
you may therefore receive a substantially reduced return on the Securities as compared to the return you 
would receive in the absence of such withholding. 
Prospective purchasers of the Securities should consult their tax advisors regarding the potential 
application of Section 871(m) to a particular Security. 
If the Issuer determines that amounts paid with respect to the Securities or any underlying hedging 
arrangements of the Issuer in respect of the Securities will be subject to any withholding or reporting 
obligations pursuant to Section 871(m), the Issuer may redeem such Securities and, if and to the extent 
permitted by applicable law, may pay to each Securityholder in respect of each Security an amount equal 
to the fair market value of such Security, and may also deduct the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates 
of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements from such amount. The amount repaid to you 
could be substantially less than your initial investment and you could therefore sustain a loss.  
The United States Tax Treatment of Certain Securities is Unclear 
For U.S. federal tax purposes, the proper treatment and characterisation of Securities that are not treated 
as debt instruments (generally, Securities that do not provide for the return at maturity of a holder's 
investment) and Securities that are Credit Linked Notes are unclear. As a result, the timing and character 
of income on such a Security are uncertain, and for a non-U.S. investor there is a risk that payments on 
such a Security may be subject to withholding tax. If withholding tax applies to a payment on such a 
Security, the Issuer will not be required to pay additional amounts in respect of amounts withheld, and 
you may therefore receive a substantially reduced return on the Securities as compared to the return you 
would receive in the absence of such withholding. 
The U.S. Treasury Department and the IRS have requested comments on various issues regarding the 
U.S. federal income tax treatment of "prepaid forward contracts" and similar financial instruments and 
have indicated that such transactions may be the subject of future regulations or other guidance.  In 
addition, members of Congress have proposed legislative changes to the tax treatment of derivative 
contracts.  Any legislation, Treasury regulations or other guidance promulgated after consideration of 
these issues could materially and adversely affect the tax consequences of an investment in the Securities, 
possibly with retroactive effect. 
Reportable Transactions 
In 2015, the U.S. Treasury Department and the IRS released notices designating certain "basket options", 
"basket contracts" and substantially similar transactions as reportable transactions. The notices apply to 
specified transactions in which a taxpayer or its "designee" has, and exercises, discretion to change the 
assets or an algorithm underlying the transaction. While an exercise of the type of discretion that would 
give rise to such reporting requirements in respect of the Securities is not expected, if the Issuer, an index 
sponsor or calculation agent or other person were to exercise discretion under the terms of a Security or 
an index underlying a Security and were treated as a holder's "designee" for these purposes, unless an 
exception applied certain holders of the relevant Securities would be required to report certain 
information to the IRS, as set forth in the applicable Treasury regulations, or be subject to penalties. The 
Issuer might also be required to report information regarding the transaction to the IRS. 
Prospective purchasers of the Securities are urged to consult their tax advisors regarding the U.S. federal 
tax consequences of an investment in the Securities. 
Risks relating to different governing laws in respect of certain Securities and guarantees 
French Law Securities have the benefit of an English law guarantee

--- Page 49 ---
RISK FACTORS 
21 
 
French Law Securities issued by CGMHI have the benefit of a guarantee of the CGMHI Guarantor 
pursuant to the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and French Law Securities issued by CGMFL have the 
benefit of a guarantee of the CGMFL Guarantor pursuant to the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee and the All 
Monies Guarantee. French Law Securities and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, French law and the 
Paris courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with the 
French Law Securities. However, each of the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee, the CGMFL Deed of 
Guarantee and the All Monies Guarantee and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with it are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. In respect of 
the All Monies Guarantee, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute including 
a dispute relating to non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it. Accordingly, it is 
possible that Securityholders wishing to enforce their rights in respect of French Law Securities may 
need to bring claims under differing governing laws and/or in different jurisdictions against the Issuer 
and the relevant Guarantor and this, in turn, could prolong and/or increase the costs to be incurred in 
respect of any proceedings in relation to such claims and, potentially, affect the ultimate payout. 
RISKS RELATING TO SECURITIES LINKED TO UNDERLYING(S) 
General risks relating to Securities linked to Underlying(s) 
An investment in Securities linked to Underlying(s) has significant risks that are not associated with a 
similar investment in a conventional security (e.g. a debt instrument that has a pre-determined specified 
principal amount, is denominated in your currency and bears interest at either a fixed or a floating rate 
based on nationally published interest rate references), as amounts due or assets deliverable in respect of 
such Securities are linked to the performance of the relevant Underlying(s).  
The risks associated with a particular Security linked to Underlying(s) will depend on factors over which 
none of the Issuers, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor has any control and which cannot 
readily be foreseen, and the return on Securities linked to Underlying(s) may attract certain of the same 
risks as an actual investment in the relevant Underlying(s). These risks include economic and political 
events and the supply of, and demand for, any relevant Underlying(s). 
Each of these risks may have an impact on the level, price, rate or other applicable value of an Underlying, 
which may go down as well as up throughout the term of the Securities, and such fluctuations may affect 
the value of and return on the Securities. 
Furthermore, in recent years, prices for various Underlying(s) have been highly volatile. Such volatility 
may be expected in the future. Fluctuations in the rates, levels or prices that have occurred in the past are 
not necessarily indicative, however, of fluctuations that may occur during the term of any Securities 
linked to Underlying(s). 
In addition, the value of any relevant Underlying(s) may be determined or published by any Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor and/or the CGMFL Guarantor or an affiliate of any such entity or determined or 
published by third parties or entities which are not subject to regulation under the laws of the United 
States, the EEA or the United Kingdom.  
The risk of loss as a result of linking principal, interest and/or termination payments to Underlying(s) 
can be substantial and the payment of principal, interest and/or termination amounts may be contingent 
on the occurrence of certain events in respect of Underlying(s) which may not occur.  
No rights of ownership in Underlying(s) 
The Securities do not create an actual interest in, or ownership of, the relevant Underlying(s). Except in 
certain circumstances where the Securities are Physical Delivery Securities, a Security will not represent 
a claim against any Underlying and, in the event that the amount paid on redemption of the Securities is 
less than the nominal amount of the Securities, you, as a Securityholder, will not have recourse under 
any relevant Security to any security indices, inflation indices, commodity indices, commodities, shares, 
depositary receipts, exchange traded funds, mutual funds, currencies, warrants, proprietary indices, 
dividend futures contracts, interest rates, preference shares or other items which may comprise the 
relevant Underlying(s) in respect of such Securities. The exposure to the relevant Underlying(s) is 
notional and an investment in the Securities is not an investment in the relevant Underlying(s). Although

--- Page 50 ---
RISK FACTORS 
22 
 
the performance of the relevant Underlying(s) will have an effect on the Securities, the relevant 
Underlying(s) and the Securities are separate obligations of different legal entities. You will have no 
legal or beneficial interest in the relevant Underlying(s). Accordingly, you may receive a lower return on 
the Securities than you would have received had you invested directly in the Underlying(s) or through 
another product. 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Security Indices 
The level of a Security Index is generally based on the value of the component securities of that index 
(component securities) although the level of a Security Index may not include the reinvestment of the 
yield on the component securities. Global economic, financial and political developments, among other 
things, may have a material effect on the value of the component securities and/or the performance of a 
Security Index, and this may in turn affect the value of and return on the Securities. 
The risks of a particular Security linked to a Security Index will depend on the terms of that Security.  
Such risks may include the possibility of significant changes in: 
• 
the prices of the component securities and the weighting of each component security within the 
relevant index or indices; 
• 
other objective prices; and 
• 
economic or other measures making up the relevant Security Index or indices. 
Market volatility reflects the degree of instability and expected instability of the performance of a 
Security Index and the component securities. The level of market volatility is largely determined by the 
prices for financial instruments supposed to protect you against such market volatility. The prices of 
these instruments are determined by forces of supply and demand in the options and derivative markets 
generally. These forces are, themselves, affected by factors such as actual market volatility, expected 
volatility, economic factors and speculation. In recent years, currency exchange rates and prices for 
component securities have been highly volatile. Such volatility may be expected in the future. 
Fluctuations in the rates or prices that have occurred in the past are not necessarily indicative, however, 
of fluctuations that may occur during the term of any Security relating to Security Indices. 
The above factors may have an effect on the performance of a Security Index, and this may in turn affect 
the value of and return on the Securities. 
You should note that any dividends, other distributions assets and/or amounts paid to holders of the 
component securities will not be paid to the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI), 
the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) or to the holders of Securities. The return on 
Securities will thus not reflect any such assets and/or amounts which would otherwise be paid to investors 
that have made a direct investment in any such component securities. Consequently, the return on 
Securities may be less than the return from a direct investment in any such component securities. 
In considering whether to purchase Securities relating to Security Indices, you should be aware that the 
calculation of amounts payable or, as applicable, assets due on Securities relating to Security Indices 
may involve reference to: 
• 
an index determined by an affiliate of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor (if applicable) and/or 
the CGMFL Guarantor (if applicable); or 
• 
prices that are published solely by third parties or entities which are not regulated by the laws 
of the United States, the EEA, the United Kingdom or the jurisdiction of the particular investor. 
Accordingly, you may receive a lower return on Securities linked to a Security Index than you would 
have received if you had invested in the components of such index directly or in another product. 
See Underlying Schedule 1 (Security Index Conditions) for the specific terms and conditions in respect 
of Securities linked to Security Indices.

--- Page 51 ---
RISK FACTORS 
23 
 
Disrupted Days, Adjustment Events and Early Redemption Events in relation to Securities linked to 
Security Indices 
As the terms and conditions of Securities relating to Security Indices include provisions dealing with the 
postponement of a Valuation Date due to the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, such postponement or any 
alternative provisions for valuation provided in the terms and conditions of such Securities may have an 
adverse effect on the value of such Securities. 
Certain events or occurrences described below will only be relevant if the associated Adjustment Events 
and Early Redemption Events are specified as being applicable for a Security Index in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Event occurs in respect of any Security Index 
(being, in each case if applicable, (a) the occurrence at any time of a change in law affecting any 
underlying hedging position in relation to the Securities or materially increasing the Issuer's costs in 
relation to performing its obligations in respect of the Securities or, except in the case of Italian Listed 
Certificates, a Hedging Disruption or, except in the case of Italian Listed Certificates, an Increased Cost 
of Hedging, (b) such Security Index (i) not being calculated and announced by or on behalf of the relevant 
index sponsor but instead being calculated and announced by or on behalf of a successor to the relevant 
index sponsor or (ii) being replaced by a successor index, or (c) any Additional Disruption Event 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms), then the Calculation Agent shall make such adjustment(s) to the 
terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent determines necessary to account for the effect of such 
Adjustment Event or the Calculation Agent may replace the Security Index that is the subject of the 
Adjustment Event with a new Security Index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the 
same or a substantially similar formula and method of calculation as used in the calculation of the level 
of such Security Index or, if the Securities are Exempt Securities, a Security Index selected by reference 
to such other criteria as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. Any such adjustment may 
include, in the case of an Increased Cost of Hedging, adjustments to pass on to Securityholders any such 
Increased Cost of Hedging (including, but not limited to, reducing any amounts payable or deliverable 
in respect of the Securities to reflect any such increased costs). Any such adjustments may have an 
adverse effect on the value of such Securities and, if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment 
can reasonably so be made, such Adjustment Event shall be an Early Redemption Event. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Security Index Adjustment Event occurs (being, in each case 
if applicable, in respect of a Security Index, the relevant index sponsor announcing that it will make a 
material change to a relevant Security Index, the index sponsor permanently cancelling the index and no 
successor index existing or the index sponsor or any other person or entity acting on its behalf failing to 
calculate and announce the relevant index), then the Calculation Agent may determine whether such 
Security Index Adjustment Event has a material effect on the relevant Securities and, if so, shall either 
(A) calculate the relevant level of such Security Index in accordance with the formula for and method of 
calculating the relevant Security Index last in effect prior to the applicable change, cancellation or failure 
and/or (B) substitute the affected Security Index with a replacement index using, in the determination of 
the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula and method of calculation as used in 
the calculation of the level of such Security Index or, in the case of Exempt Securities, a Security Index 
selected by reference to such other criteria as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement and 
determine any adjustment necessary to the terms of the Securities to account for such substitution and/or 
(C) make such adjustments to the terms of the Securities as it determines necessary or appropriate to 
account for the effect of such Security Index Adjustment Event. Any such calculation, substitution and/or 
adjustment may have an adverse effect on the value of such Securities and, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that no calculation or substitution can reasonably so be made, such Security Index Adjustment 
Event shall be an Early Redemption Event.  
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, (a) circumstances in which the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment or substitution can reasonably be made following an 
Adjustment Event, (b) no calculation or substitution can reasonably be made following a Security Index 
Adjustment Event, (c) a Section 871(m) Event or (d) a Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event (if 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), the Securities may be redeemed as more fully set 
out in the terms and conditions of the relevant Securities. If the Securities are redeemed early, the Issuer 
will pay to each Securityholder an amount calculated in accordance with the method specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The amount repaid to you may be less 
than your initial investment and you may therefore sustain a loss.

--- Page 52 ---
RISK FACTORS 
24 
 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Inflation Indices 
The risks of a particular Security relating to Inflation Indices will depend on the terms of that Security.  
Many economic and market factors may influence an Inflation Index and consequently the value of 
Securities relating to Inflation Indices, including general economic, financial, political or regulatory 
conditions and/or events; and/or fluctuations in the prices of various assets, goods, services and energy 
resources (including in response to supply of, and demand for, any of them); and/or the level of inflation 
in the economy of the relevant country and expectations of inflation. In particular, the level of an Inflation 
Index may be affected by factors unconnected with the financial markets. Any such factor may either 
offset or magnify one or more of the other factors. 
The performance of an Inflation Index will affect the amounts payable in respect of Securities relating to 
Inflation Indices and may result in investors receiving less than their original investment and/or no return 
on their investment, or in certain circumstances zero. 
The rate of interest (if any) payable in respect of Inflation Index-linked interest Securities will vary for 
each interest payment due and may be less than that which would be payable on a conventional fixed 
rate, non-callable debt security of the Issuer of comparable maturity. 
See Underlying Schedule 2 (Inflation Index Conditions) for the specific terms and conditions in respect 
of Securities linked to Inflation Indices. 
Adjustment Events and Early Redemption Events in relation to Securities linked to Inflation Indices 
If an underlying closing level for an Inflation Index for a specified reference month has not been 
published or announced by five business days prior to the relevant payment date, then the Calculation 
Agent shall determine a substitute index level. Any such substitution may have an adverse effect on the 
value of such Securities. 
Certain events or occurrences described below will only be relevant if the associated Adjustment Events 
and Early Redemption Events are specified as being applicable for an Inflation Index in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Event occurs in respect of any Inflation Index 
(being, in each case if applicable, (a) the occurrence at any time of a change in law affecting any 
underlying hedging position in relation to the Securities or materially increasing the Issuer's costs in 
relation to performing its obligations in respect of the Securities or, except in the case of Italian Listed 
Certificates, a Hedging Disruption or, except in the case of Italian Listed Certificates, an Increased Cost 
of Hedging, or (b) the imposition of increased or unexpected fees and costs for the use of such index on 
the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates by the relevant index sponsor which the Calculation Agent deems 
material), then the Calculation Agent shall make such adjustment(s) to the terms of the Securities as the 
Calculation Agent determines necessary to account for the effect of such Adjustment Event including, in 
the case of an Increased Cost of Hedging, adjustments to pass on to Securityholders any such Increased 
Cost of Hedging (including, but not limited to, reducing any amounts payable or deliverable in respect 
of the Securities to reflect any such increased costs). Any such adjustments may have an adverse effect 
on the value of such Securities and, if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment can 
reasonably so be made, such Adjustment Event shall be an Early Redemption Event. 
If "Revision" is specified as applicable for an Inflation Index in the applicable Issue Terms, then any 
revision to an underlying closing level of an Inflation Index occurring before the relevant revision cut-
off date shall be considered final and conclusive for the purpose of any determination made in respect of 
the Securities. If "No Revision" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms (or if "Revision" 
is not specified as applicable) then the first publication and announcement of an underlying closing level 
for such Inflation Index shall be final and conclusive. Further, if the Calculation Agent determines that 
the index sponsor of an Inflation Index has corrected an underlying closing level for such index to correct 
a manifest error no later than the earlier to occur of the relevant manifest error cut-off date and thirty 
calendar days following the first publication and announcement of such level, then the Calculation Agent 
may use the corrected level of such Inflation Index for the purposes of any calculation in respect of the 
relevant payment date. In the event of inconsistency between a revision and a manifest error correction, 
the manifest error correction shall prevail. Any such adjustment (or absence of an adjustment, for the

--- Page 53 ---
RISK FACTORS 
25 
 
purpose of the Securities) to any level of an Inflation Index may have an adverse effect on the value of 
the Securities. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that either (a) a level for an Inflation Index has not been published 
or announced for two consecutive months and/or (b) the relevant index sponsor announces that it will no 
longer continue to publish or announce such Inflation Index and/or (c) the relevant index sponsor cancels 
such Inflation Index then the Calculation Agent may replace the originally designated Inflation Index 
with a successor index. Any such adjustment may have an adverse effect on the value of the Securities 
and, if no successor index can be determined, then an Early Redemption Event shall occur with respect 
to the Securities. 
If an index sponsor announces, in respect of an Inflation Index, that it will make a material change to a 
relevant Inflation Index then the Calculation Agent shall make such consequential adjustments to the 
terms of the Securities as are consistent with any adjustment made to any relevant fallback bond or as 
are necessary for such modified Inflation Index to continue as an Inflation Index for the purpose of the 
Securities. Any such adjustments may have an adverse effect on the value of such Securities and, if the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment can reasonably so be made, then an Early Redemption 
Event shall occur with respect to the Securities. 
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, (a) circumstances in which the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment can reasonably be made following an Adjustment 
Event, (b) no successor index can be determined or no adjustment can reasonably be made following a 
material change to a relevant Inflation Index, (c) a Section 871(m) Event or (d) a Hedging Disruption 
Early Termination Event (if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), the Securities may 
be redeemed as more fully set out in the terms and conditions of the relevant Securities. If the Securities 
are redeemed early, the Issuer will pay to each Securityholder an amount calculated in accordance with 
the method specified in applicable Issue Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The amount 
repaid to you could be substantially less than your initial investment and you could therefore sustain a 
loss.  
Risks associated with Securities linked to Commodity Indices  
The level of a Commodity Index is generally based on the value of the commodities and/or other 
securities comprised in that Commodity Index and, as such, if investing in Securities relating to 
Commodity Indices you should also read "Risks associated with Securities linked to Commodities" 
below.  
Global economic, financial and political developments, among other things, may have a material effect 
on the value of the commodities and/or futures contracts comprising a Commodity Index and/or the 
performance of such index, and this may in turn affect the value of and return on the Securities. 
The risks of a particular Security relating to a Commodity Index will depend on the terms of that Security. 
Such risks may include, but are not limited to, the possibility of significant changes in the prices of the 
commodities and/or futures underlying the relevant index or indices; another objective price; and 
economic or other measures making up the relevant index or indices. 
The above factors may have an effect on the performance of a Commodity Index, and this may in turn 
affect the value of and return on the Securities. 
See Underlying Schedule 3 (Commodity Index Conditions) for the specific terms and conditions in 
respect of Securities linked to Commodity Indices. 
Disrupted Days, Adjustment Events and Early Redemption Events in relation to Securities linked to 
Commodity Indices 
As the terms and conditions of Securities relating to Commodity Indices include provisions dealing with 
the postponement of a Valuation Date or postponement of the valuation of a component of a Commodity 
Index due to the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, such postponement or any alternative provisions for 
valuation provided in the terms and conditions of such Securities may have an adverse effect on the value 
of such Securities.

--- Page 54 ---
RISK FACTORS 
26 
 
Certain events or occurrences described below will only be relevant if the associated Adjustment Events 
and Early Redemption Events are specified as being applicable for a Commodity Index in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Event occurs in respect of any Commodity Index 
(being, in each case if applicable, (a) the occurrence at any time of a change in law affecting any 
underlying hedging position in relation to the Securities or materially increasing the Issuer's costs in 
relation to performing its obligations in respect of the Securities or, except in the case of Italian Listed 
Certificates, a Hedging Disruption or, except in the case of Italian Listed Certificates, an Increased Cost 
of Hedging, (b) such Commodity Index (i) not being calculated and announced by or on behalf of the 
relevant index sponsor but instead being calculated and announced by or on behalf of a successor to the 
relevant index sponsor acceptable to the Calculation Agent or (ii) being replaced by a successor index, 
(c) the imposition of increased or unexpected fees and costs for the use of such index on the Issuer and/or 
any of its affiliates by the relevant index sponsor which the Calculation Agent deems material, or (d) the 
imposition of, change in or removal of any tax relating to any component of such Commodity Index or 
commodity relating to such component (if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) which 
the Calculation Agent deems material), then the Calculation Agent shall make such adjustment(s) to the 
terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent determines necessary to account for the effect of such 
Adjustment Event or the Calculation Agent may replace the Commodity Index that is the subject of the 
Adjustment Event with a new Commodity Index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, 
the same or a substantially similar formula and method of calculation as used in the calculation of the 
level of such Commodity Index or, in the case of Exempt Securities, a Commodity Index selected by 
reference to such other criteria as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. Any such adjustment 
may include, in the case of an Increased Cost of Hedging, adjustments to pass on to Securityholders any 
such Increased Cost of Hedging (including, but not limited to, reducing any amounts payable or 
deliverable in respect of the Securities to reflect any such increased costs). Any such adjustments may 
have an adverse effect on the value of such Securities and, if the Calculation Agent determines that no 
adjustment can reasonably so be made, such Adjustment Event shall be an Early Redemption Event. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Commodity Index Adjustment Event occurs (being, in each 
case if applicable, in respect of a Commodity Index, the relevant index sponsor announcing that it will 
make a material change to a relevant Commodity Index, the index sponsor permanently cancelling the 
index and no successor index existing or the index sponsor or any other person or entity on its behalf 
failing to calculate and announce the relevant index), then the Calculation Agent may determine whether 
such Commodity Index Adjustment Event has a material effect on the relevant Securities and, if so, shall 
either (A) calculate the relevant level of such Commodity Index in accordance with the formula for and 
method of calculating the relevant Commodity Index last in effect prior to the applicable change, 
cancellation or failure and/or (B) substitute the affected Commodity Index with a replacement index 
using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula and 
method of calculation as used in the calculation of the level of such Commodity Index or, in the case of 
Exempt Securities, a Commodity Index selected by reference to such other criteria as specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement and determine any adjustment necessary to the terms of the Securities to 
account for such substitution and/or (C) make such adjustments to the terms of the Securities as it 
determines necessary or appropriate to account for the effect of such Commodity Index Adjustment 
Event. Any such calculation, substitution and/or adjustment may have an adverse effect on the value of 
such Securities and, if the Calculation Agent determines that no calculation or substitution can reasonably 
so be made, such Commodity Index Adjustment Event shall be an Early Redemption Event. 
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, (a) circumstances in which the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment or substitution can reasonably be made following an 
Adjustment Event, (b) no calculation or substitution can reasonably be made following a Commodity 
Index Adjustment Event, (c) a Section 871(m) Event or (d) a Hedging Disruption Early Termination 
Event (if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), the Securities may be redeemed as more 
fully set out in the terms and conditions of the relevant Securities. If the Securities are redeemed early, 
the Issuer will pay to each Securityholder an amount calculated in accordance with the method specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The amount repaid to you could 
be substantially less than your initial investment and you could therefore sustain a loss.

--- Page 55 ---
RISK FACTORS 
27 
 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Commodities 
Movements in the price of any relevant Commodities may be subject to significant fluctuations that may 
not correlate with changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices and the timing of changes in the 
relevant price of a Commodity or Commodities may affect the actual yield of the Securities, even if the 
average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in the price or prices 
of the Commodities, the greater the effect on yield of the Securities. 
Commodity futures markets are highly volatile. Commodity markets are influenced by, among other 
things, changing supply and demand relationships, weather, governmental, agricultural, commercial and 
trade programmes and policies designed to influence commodity prices, world political and economic 
events, and changes in interest rates. Moreover, investments in futures and options contracts involve 
additional risks including, without limitation, leverage (margin is usually a percentage of the face value 
of the contract and exposure can be nearly unlimited). A holder of a futures position may find such 
position becomes illiquid because certain commodity exchanges limit fluctuations in certain futures 
contract prices during a single day by regulations referred to as "daily price fluctuation limits" or "daily 
limits". Under such daily limits, during a single trading day no trades may be executed at prices beyond 
the daily limits. Once the price of a contract for a particular future has increased or decreased by an 
amount equal to the daily limit, positions in the future can neither be taken nor liquidated unless traders 
are willing to effect trades at or within the limit. This could prevent a holder from promptly liquidating 
unfavourable positions and subject it to substantial losses. Futures contract prices in various 
Commodities occasionally have exceeded the daily limit for several consecutive days with little or no 
trading. Similar occurrences could prevent the liquidation of unfavourable positions and could therefore 
have a material adverse impact on value of and return on the Securities. 
See Underlying Schedule 4 (Commodity Conditions) for the specific terms and conditions in respect of 
Securities linked to Commodities. 
Risk related to the possible rolling mechanism of commodity futures contracts 
The yield on Securities relating to Commodities may not perfectly correlate to the trend in the price of 
the underlying Commodities as the use of such future commodity contracts generally involves a rolling 
mechanism. This means that the commodity futures contracts which expire prior to the relevant payment 
date under the relevant Securities are replaced with future commodity contracts that have a later expiry 
date. You may therefore only marginally benefit from any rise/fall in prices on such Commodities. 
You should also consider that the relevant commodity futures contract(s) could have a trend which differs 
significantly from that of the relevant commodity spot market(s). The trend in the price of a commodity 
futures contracts compared to the underlying Commodity is closely linked to the present and future level 
of the production of the underlying Commodity or to the level of estimated natural reserves, particularly 
in the case of energy Commodities. In addition, the price of the relevant commodity futures contract may 
not be considered an accurate prediction of a market price, since it also includes the so-called "carrying 
costs" (such as, for example, warehouse costs, insurance covering the goods, transportation etc.), which 
also contribute toward the determination of the price of the commodity futures contracts. These factors 
which directly influence the Commodities prices substantially explain the imperfect correlation between 
the commodity spot markets and the commodity futures contracts. Accordingly, you may receive a lower 
return on Securities linked to one or more commodity futures contracts than you would have received if 
you had invested in relevant commodity spot market(s) or in another related product. 
Disrupted Days, Adjustment Events and Early Redemption Events in relation to Securities linked to 
Commodities 
As the terms and conditions of Securities relating to Commodities include alternative provisions for 
valuation and/or provisions dealing with the postponement of a Valuation Date due to the occurrence of 
a Disrupted Day, such alternative provisions for valuation or postponement may have a material adverse 
effect on the value of and return on such Securities. 
Certain events or occurrences described below will only be relevant if the associated Adjustment Events 
and Early Redemption Events are specified as being applicable for Commodities in the applicable Issue 
Terms.

--- Page 56 ---
RISK FACTORS 
28 
 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Event occurs in respect of any Commodity 
(being, in each case if applicable, the occurrence at any time of a change in law affecting any underlying 
hedging position in relation to the Securities or materially increasing the Issuer's costs in relation to 
performing its obligations in respect of the Securities or, except in the case of Italian Listed Certificates, 
a Hedging Disruption or, except in the case of Italian Listed Certificates, an Increased Cost of Hedging), 
then the Calculation Agent shall make such adjustment(s) to the terms of the Securities as the Calculation 
Agent determines necessary to account for the effect of such Adjustment Event including, in the case of 
an Increased Cost of Hedging, adjustments to pass on to Securityholders any such Increased Cost of 
Hedging (including, but not limited to, reducing any amounts payable or deliverable in respect of the 
Securities to reflect any such increased costs). Any such adjustments may have an adverse effect on the 
value of such Securities and, if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment can reasonably so 
be made, such Adjustment Event shall be an Early Redemption Event. 
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, (a) circumstances in which the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment can reasonably be made following an Adjustment 
Event, (b) the occurrence of a disruption event and any relevant disruption fallbacks fail (or are deemed 
to fail) to provide a relevant price in respect of a Commodity and a valuation date, (c) any Additional 
Early Redemption Event specified in the applicable Issue Terms (being an "abandonment of scheme" in 
relation to Commodities that are emissions) or, in the case of Exempt Securities only, any other event 
specified as such in the applicable Pricing Supplement, (d) a Section 871(m) Event or (e) a Hedging 
Disruption Early Termination Event (if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), the 
Securities may be redeemed as more fully set out in the terms and conditions of the relevant Securities. 
If the Securities are redeemed early, the Issuer will pay each Securityholder an amount calculated in 
accordance with the method specified in the applicable Issue Terms, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. The amount repaid to you could be substantially less than your initial investment and you could 
therefore sustain a loss. 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Shares  
Securities linked to Shares will give rise to obligations of the Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor and 
will not give rise to any obligations of any share company, and accordingly you will have no recourse 
against any such share company.  
No issuer of such Shares will have participated in the preparation of the applicable Issue Terms or in 
establishing the terms of the Securities and none of the Issuer, (if applicable) the Guarantor and any 
Dealer will make any investigation or enquiry in connection with such offering with respect to the 
information concerning any such issuer of Shares contained in such Issue Terms or in the documents 
from which such information was extracted. Consequently, there can be no assurance that all events 
occurring prior to the relevant issue date (including events that would affect the accuracy or completeness 
of the publicly available documents described in this paragraph or in any applicable Issue Terms) that 
would affect the trading price of the Share will have been publicly disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of 
any such events or the disclosure of or failure to disclose material future events concerning such an issuer 
of Shares could affect the trading price of the Shares and therefore the trading price of the relevant 
Securities. 
Except as provided in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to Physical Delivery Securities, 
Securityholders will not have voting rights or rights to receive dividends or distributions or any other 
rights with respect to the relevant Shares to which such Securities relate notwithstanding that, in relation 
to Exempt Securities and if so specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, Securityholders may be 
entitled to receive payments calculated by reference to the amount of dividends, distributions or other 
payments that would be received by a holder of the relevant Shares. The return on such Securities may 
thus not reflect any dividends or other distributions which would be paid to you if you had made a direct 
investment in the relevant Shares. Consequently, the return on Securities linked to Shares may be less 
than the return from a direct investment in the relevant Shares. 
The risks of a Security relating to Shares will depend on the terms of that Security. Such risks may 
include, but are not limited to, the possibility of significant changes in the price(s) of the Share or Shares. 
The value of Shares may go down as well as up and the value of any Share on any date may not reflect 
its performance in any prior period. There can be no assurance as to the future value of any Share or of 
the continued existence of any Share or share company. Accordingly, before making an investment

--- Page 57 ---
RISK FACTORS 
29 
 
decision with respect to Securities, you should carefully consider, among other matters, the value and 
price volatility of the relevant Shares, as this may affect the value of and return on the Securities. 
In addition, the calculation of amounts payable on such Securities may involve reference to the 
performance of one or more Shares over a period of time and to Shares, the issuer(s) of which are 
incorporated outside the United States, the EEA and the United Kingdom. 
Accordingly, you may receive a lower return on Securities linked to one or more Shares than you would 
have received if you had invested directly in the Shares or in another product. 
See Underlying Schedule 5 (Share Conditions) for the specific terms and conditions in respect of 
Securities linked to Shares. 
Disrupted Days, Adjustment Events and Early Redemption Events in relation to Securities linked to 
Shares 
As the terms and conditions of the Securities relating to Shares include provisions dealing with the 
postponement of a Valuation Date due to the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, such postponement or any 
alternative provisions for valuation provided in the terms and conditions of such Securities may have an 
adverse effect on the value of such Securities. 
Certain events or occurrences described below will only be relevant if the associated Adjustment Events 
and Early Redemption Events are specified as being applicable for a Share in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Event occurs in respect of a Share (being, in each 
case if applicable, (a) the occurrence at any time of a change in law affecting any underlying hedging 
position in relation to the Securities or materially increasing the Issuer's costs in relation to performing 
its obligations in respect of the Securities or, except in the case of Italian Listed Certificates, a Hedging 
Disruption or, except in the case of Italian Listed Certificates, an Increased Cost of Hedging, or (b) a 
corporate action, de-listing, insolvency, merger event, nationalisation, tender offer (and/or, in the case of 
a Stapled Share, any Component Share Additional Adjustment Event or De-stapling Event specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms) and/or any Additional Disruption Event specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms), then the Calculation Agent shall make such adjustment(s) to the terms of the Securities as the 
Calculation Agent determines necessary to account for the effect of such Adjustment Event or the 
Calculation Agent may replace the Share that is the subject of the Adjustment Event with a new Share 
selected by the Calculation Agent from an applicable reference index or otherwise selected by the 
Calculation Agent (regardless of whether such new Share is a Stapled Share) (and/or, in the case of a 
Stapled Share, the Calculation Agent may replace any Component Share of the Stapled Share with a new 
Component Share selected by the Calculation Agent (regardless of whether such new Component Share 
is contained in a relevant reference index)) or, in the case of Exempt Securities, selected by reference to 
such other criteria as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. Any such adjustment may include, 
in the case of an Increased Cost of Hedging, adjustments to pass on to Securityholders any such Increased 
Cost of Hedging (including, but not limited to, reducing any amounts payable or deliverable in respect 
of the Securities to reflect any such increased costs). Any such adjustment(s) or substitution may have 
an adverse effect on the value of such Securities and, if the Calculation Agent determines that no 
adjustment(s) or substitution can reasonably so be made, such Adjustment Event shall be an Early 
Redemption Event. 
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, (a) circumstances where the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment or substitution can reasonably be made following an 
Adjustment Event, (b) a Section 871(m) Event or (c) a Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event (if 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), the Securities may be redeemed as more fully set 
out in the terms and conditions of the relevant Securities. If the Securities are redeemed early, the Issuer 
will pay to each Securityholder an amount calculated in accordance with the method specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The amount repaid to you could be 
substantially less than your initial investment and you could therefore sustain a loss.

--- Page 58 ---
RISK FACTORS 
30 
 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Depositary Receipts 
Securities linked to Depositary Receipts will give rise to obligations of the Issuer and (if applicable) the 
Guarantor and will not give rise to any obligations of any depositary or any underlying share company, 
and accordingly you will have no recourse against any such depositary or underlying share company.  
No issuer of such Depositary Receipts or any underlying shares related to such Depositary Receipts will 
have participated in the preparation of the applicable Issue Terms or in establishing the terms of the 
Securities and none of the Issuer, (if applicable) the Guarantor and any Dealer will make any 
investigation or enquiry in connection with such offering with respect to the information concerning any 
depositary or any related underlying share company contained in such Issue Terms or in the documents 
from which such information was extracted. Consequently, there can be no assurance that all events 
occurring prior to the relevant issue date (including events that would affect the accuracy or completeness 
of the publicly available documents described in this paragraph or in any applicable Issue Terms) that 
would affect the trading price of the Depositary Receipt or the underlying share will have been publicly 
disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of any such events or the disclosure of or failure to disclose material 
future events concerning such depositary or underlying share company could affect the trading price of 
the Depositary Receipts and therefore the trading price of the relevant Securities. 
Except as provided in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to Physical Delivery Securities, 
Securityholders will not have voting rights or rights to receive dividends or distributions or any other 
rights with respect to the relevant Depositary Receipts and/or underlying shares to which such Securities 
relate notwithstanding that, if so specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement and, in relation to Exempt 
Securities only, Securityholders may be entitled to receive payments calculated by reference to the 
amount of dividends, distributions or other payments that would be received by a holder of the relevant 
Depositary Receipts and/or underlying shares. The return on such Securities may thus not reflect any 
dividends or other distributions which would be paid to you if you had made a direct investment in the 
relevant Depositary Receipts and/or underlying shares. Consequently, the return on Securities linked to 
Depositary Receipts may be less than the return from a direct investment in the relevant Depositary 
Receipts and/or underlying shares. 
The risks of a Security relating to Depositary Receipts will depend on the terms of that Security. Such 
risks may include, but are not limited to, the possibility of significant changes in the price(s) of the 
Depositary Receipts. The value of Depositary Receipts may go down as well as up and the value of any 
Depositary Receipt on any date may not reflect its performance in any prior period. There can be no 
assurance as to the future value of any Depositary Receipts or of the continued existence of any 
depositary and/or underlying share company. Accordingly, before making an investment decision with 
respect to Securities, you should carefully consider, among other matters, the value and price volatility 
of Depositary Receipts and relevant underlying shares, as this may affect the value of and return on the 
Securities. 
In addition, the calculation of amounts payable on such Securities may involve reference to the 
performance of one or more Depositary Receipts and the related underlying shares over a period of time 
and to Depositary Receipts and/or underlying shares, the issuer(s) of which are incorporated outside the 
United States, the EEA and the United Kingdom. 
Accordingly, you may receive a lower return on Securities linked to one or more Depositary Receipts 
than you would have received if you had invested directly in the Depositary Receipts or in another 
product. 
See Underlying Schedule 6 (Depositary Receipt Conditions) for the specific terms and conditions in 
respect of Securities linked to Depositary Receipts. 
Disrupted Days, Adjustment Events and Early Redemption Events in relation to Securities linked to 
Depositary Receipts 
As the terms and conditions of the Securities include provisions dealing with the postponement of a 
Valuation Date due to the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, such postponement or any alternative 
provisions for valuation provided in the terms and conditions of such Securities may have a material 
adverse effect on the value of and return on such Securities.

--- Page 59 ---
RISK FACTORS 
31 
 
Certain events or occurrences described below will only be relevant if the associated Adjustment Events 
and Early Redemption Events are specified as being applicable for a Depositary Receipt in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Event occurs in respect of a Depositary Receipt 
and/or an underlying share (being, in each case if applicable, (a) the occurrence at any time of a change 
in law affecting any underlying hedging position in relation to the Securities or materially increasing the 
Issuer's costs in relation to performing its obligations in respect of the Securities or, except in the case of 
Italian Listed Certificates, a Hedging Disruption or, except in the case of Italian Listed Certificates, an 
Increased Cost of Hedging or (b) a corporate action, de-listing, insolvency, merger event, nationalisation, 
tender offer, written instructions being given by an underlying share company to the relevant depositary 
to withdraw or surrender underlying shares or the termination of a relevant deposit agreement and/or any 
Additional Disruption Event specified in the applicable Issue Terms), then the Calculation Agent shall 
make such adjustment(s) to the terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent determines necessary to 
account for the effect of such Adjustment Event or the Calculation Agent may replace the Depositary 
Receipt and/or the underlying share that is the subject of the Adjustment Event with a new Depositary 
Receipt selected by the Calculation Agent (referencing, where "same underlying share and currency" is 
specified as the Depositary Receipt Substitution Criteria in the applicable Issue Terms, the same 
underlying share and denominated in the same currency as the previous Depositary Receipt (and, if no 
such Depositary Receipt is selected or available, then the underlying share shall be substituted and a new 
Depositary Receipt selected in respect of such new underlying share) or, in the case of Exempt Securities 
only, in accordance with any other criteria specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement) and/or a new 
share selected by the Calculation Agent from an applicable reference index, or, in the case of Exempt 
Securities only, in accordance with the criteria (if any) specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Any such adjustment may include, in the case of an Increased Cost of Hedging, adjustments to pass on 
to Securityholders any such Increased Cost of Hedging (including, but not limited to, reducing any 
amounts payable or deliverable in respect of the Securities to reflect any such increased costs). Any such 
adjustment(s) or substitution may have an adverse effect on the value of such Securities and, if the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment(s) or substitution can reasonably so be made, such 
Adjustment Event shall be an Early Redemption Event. 
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, (a) circumstances where the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment(s) or substitution can reasonably be made following an 
Adjustment Event, (b) a Section 871(m) Event or (c) a Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event (if 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), the Securities may be redeemed as more fully set 
out in the terms and conditions of the relevant Securities. If the Securities are redeemed early, the Issuer 
will pay to each Securityholder an amount calculated in accordance with the method specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The amount repaid to you could be 
substantially less than your initial investment and you could therefore sustain a loss. 
Risks associated with Securities linked to ETF Shares  
Securities linked to ETF Shares will give rise to obligations of the Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor 
and will not give rise to any obligations of the issuer of any ETF Shares, and accordingly you will have 
no recourse against any such issuer. 
No issuer of ETF Shares will have participated in the preparation of the applicable Issue Terms or in 
establishing the terms of the Securities and none of the Issuer, (if applicable) the Guarantor and any 
Dealer will make any investigation or enquiry in connection with such offering with respect to the 
information concerning any such issuer of ETF Shares contained in such Issue Terms or in the documents 
from which such information was extracted. Consequently, there can be no assurance that all events 
occurring prior to the relevant issue date (including events that would affect the accuracy or completeness 
of the publicly available documents described in this paragraph or in any applicable Issue Terms) that 
would affect the trading price of the ETF Share will have been publicly disclosed. Subsequent disclosure 
of any such events or the disclosure of or failure to disclose material future events concerning such an 
issuer of ETF Shares could affect the trading price of the ETF Share and therefore the trading price of 
the relevant Securities. 
Except as provided in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to Physical Delivery Securities, 
Securityholders will not have voting rights or rights to receive dividends or distributions or any other 
rights with respect to the relevant ETF Shares to which such Securities relate notwithstanding that, if so

--- Page 60 ---
RISK FACTORS 
32 
 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement and in relation to Exempt Securities only, Securityholders 
may be entitled to receive payments calculated by reference to the amount of dividends, distributions or 
other payments that would be received by a holder of the relevant ETF Shares. The return on such 
Securities may thus not reflect any dividends or other distributions which would be paid to you if you 
had made a direct investment in relevant ETF Shares. Consequently, the return on Securities linked to 
ETF Shares may be less than the return from a direct investment in the relevant ETF Shares. 
The risks of a Security relating to ETF Shares will depend on the terms of that Security. Such risks may 
include, but are not limited to, the possibility of significant changes in the price(s) of the ETF Shares. 
The value of ETF Shares may go down as well as up and the value of any ETF Share on any date may 
not reflect its performance in any prior period. There can be no assurance as to the future value of any 
ETF Share or of the continued existence of any ETF Share or the issuer of such ETF Share. Accordingly, 
before making an investment decision with respect to Securities, you should carefully consider, among 
other matters, the value and price volatility of ETF Shares, as this may affect the value of and return on 
the Securities. 
In addition, the calculation of amounts payable on such Securities may involve reference to the 
performance of one or more ETF Shares over a period of time and to ETF Shares, the issuer(s) of which 
are established outside the United States, the EEA and the United Kingdom. 
Accordingly, you may receive a lower return on Securities linked to one or more ETF Shares than you 
would have received if you had invested directly in the ETF Shares or in another product. 
See Underlying Schedule 7 (Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Share Conditions) for the specific terms and 
conditions in respect of Securities linked to ETF Shares. 
Disrupted Days, Adjustment Events and Early Redemption Events in relation to Securities linked to 
ETF Shares 
As the terms and conditions of the Securities relating to ETF Shares include provisions dealing with the 
postponement of a Valuation Date due to the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, such postponement or any 
alternative provisions for valuation provided in the terms and conditions of such Securities may have a 
material adverse effect on the value of and return on such Securities. 
Certain events or occurrences described below will only be relevant if the associated Adjustment Events 
and Early Redemption Events are specified as being applicable for an ETF Share in the applicable Issue 
Terms. While ETF Shares are traded on an exchange and are therefore valued in a similar manner as a 
Share traded on an exchange, the Adjustment Events in relation to Securities linked to ETF Shares 
include certain adjustments which would be applicable to Securities linked to an underlying fund. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Event occurs in respect of an ETF Share (being, 
in each case if applicable, (a) the occurrence at any time of a change in law affecting any underlying 
hedging position in relation to the Securities or materially increasing the Issuer's costs in relation to 
performing its obligations in respect of the Securities or, except in the case of Italian Listed Certificates, 
a Hedging Disruption or, except in the case of Italian Listed Certificates, an Increased Cost of Hedging, 
or (b) a corporate action, de-listing, insolvency, merger event, nationalisation, tender offer, fund 
modification, strategy breach, regulatory action, cross-contamination and/or any Additional Disruption 
Event specified in the applicable Issue Terms), then the Calculation Agent shall make such adjustment(s) 
to the terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent determines necessary to account for the effect of 
such Adjustment Event or the Calculation Agent may replace the ETF Share that is the subject of the 
Adjustment Event with a new ETF Share selected by the Calculation Agent (which shall be an ETF Share 
which, where a "related index" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, tracks such related index, or 
an index substantially similar in formula and calculation method, or, in the case of Exempt Securities 
only, an index selected by the Calculation Agent with reference to such other criteria as specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement). Any such adjustment may include, in the case of an Increased Cost of 
Hedging, adjustments to pass on to Securityholders any such Increased Cost of Hedging (including, but 
not limited to, reducing any amounts payable or deliverable in respect of the Securities to reflect any 
such increased costs). Any such adjustment(s) or substitution may have an adverse effect on the value of 
such Securities and, if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment(s) or substitution can 
reasonably so be made, such Adjustment Event shall be an Early Redemption Event.

--- Page 61 ---
RISK FACTORS 
33 
 
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, (a) circumstances where the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment(s) or substitution can reasonably be made following an 
Adjustment Event, (b) a Section 871(m) Event or (c) a Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event (if 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), the Securities may be redeemed as more fully set 
out in the terms and conditions of the relevant Securities. If the Securities are redeemed early, the Issuer 
will pay to each Securityholder an amount calculated in accordance with the method specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The amount repaid to you could be 
substantially less than your initial investment and you could therefore sustain a loss. 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Mutual Fund Interests 
Securities linked to Mutual Fund Interests will give rise to obligations of the Issuer and (if applicable) 
the Guarantor and will not give rise to any obligations of any mutual fund administrator, adviser or 
manager in respect of a mutual fund, and accordingly you will have no recourse against any such mutual 
fund administrator, adviser or manager. 
No mutual fund administrator, adviser or manager in respect of a mutual fund will have participated in 
the preparation of the applicable Issue Terms or in establishing the terms of the Securities and none of 
the Issuer, (if applicable) the Guarantor and any Dealer will make any investigation or enquiry in 
connection with such offering with respect to the information concerning any such mutual fund contained 
in such Issue Terms or in the documents from which such information was extracted. Consequently, there 
can be no assurance that all events occurring prior to the relevant issue date (including events that would 
affect the accuracy or completeness of the publicly available documents described in this paragraph or 
in any applicable Issue Terms) that would affect the value of the Mutual Fund Interest will have been 
publicly disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of any such events or the disclosure of or failure to disclose 
material future events concerning such mutual fund could affect the value of the Mutual Fund Interest 
and therefore the trading price of the Securities. 
Except as provided in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to Physical Delivery Securities, 
Securityholders will not have voting rights or rights to receive dividends or distributions or any other 
rights with respect to the relevant Mutual Fund Interests to which such Securities relate notwithstanding 
that, in relation to Exempt Securities and if so specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
Securityholders may be entitled to receive payments calculated by reference to the amount of dividends, 
distributions or other payments that would be received by a holder of the Mutual Fund Interests. The 
return on such Securities may thus not reflect any dividends or other distributions which would be paid 
to you if you had made a direct investment in relevant Mutual Fund Interests. Consequently, the return 
on Securities linked to Mutual Fund Interests may be less than the return from a direct investment in the 
relevant Mutual Fund Interests. 
The risks of a Security relating to Mutual Fund Interests will depend on the terms of that Security. Such 
risks may include, but are not limited to, the possibility of significant changes in the value(s) of the 
Mutual Fund Interests. The value of Mutual Fund Interests may go down as well as up and the value of 
any Mutual Fund Interest on any date may not reflect its performance in any prior period. There can be 
no assurance as to the future value of any Mutual Fund Interest or of the continued existence of any 
Mutual Fund Interest or the issuer of such Mutual Fund Interest. Accordingly, before making an 
investment decision with respect to Securities, you should carefully consider, among other matters, the 
value and price volatility of the relevant Mutual Fund Interests, as this may affect the value of and return 
on the Securities. 
In addition, mutual funds may trade and invest in a broad range of investments such as debt and equity 
securities, commodities and foreign exchange and may enter into derivative transactions, including, 
without limitation, futures and options. Mutual Fund Interests may be illiquid and may only be traded on 
an infrequent basis. The trading strategies of mutual funds are often opaque. Mutual funds, as well as the 
markets and instruments in which they invest, are often not subject to review by governmental authorities, 
self-regulatory organisations or other supervisory authorities. Further, the value of Mutual Fund Interests 
may be affected by the performance of the relevant fund service providers and in particular the relevant 
fund adviser. 
For the foregoing reasons, investing directly or indirectly in mutual funds is generally considered to be 
risky. If the underlying mutual fund does not perform sufficiently well, the value of the Securities will 
fall, and may in certain circumstances be zero.

--- Page 62 ---
RISK FACTORS 
34 
 
In addition, the calculation of amounts payable on such Securities may involve reference to the 
performance of one or more Mutual Fund Interests over a period of time and to Mutual Fund Interests, 
the issuer(s) of which are established outside the United States, the EEA and the United Kingdom. 
Accordingly, you may receive a lower return on Securities linked to one or more Mutual Fund Interests 
than you would have received if you had invested directly in the Mutual Fund Interests or in another 
product. 
See Underlying Schedule 8 (Mutual Fund Conditions) for the specific terms and conditions in respect of 
Securities linked to Mutual Fund Interests. 
Disrupted Days, Adjustment Events and Early Redemption Events in relation to Securities linked to 
Mutual Fund Interests 
As the terms and conditions of the Securities relating to Mutual Fund Interests include provisions dealing 
with the postponement of a Valuation Date due to the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, such postponement 
or any alternative provisions for valuation provided in the terms and conditions of such Securities may 
have an adverse effect on the value of such Securities. 
Certain events or occurrences described below will only be relevant if the associated Adjustment Events 
and Early Redemption Events are specified as being applicable for a Mutual Fund Interest in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Event occurs in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest 
(being, in each case if applicable, (a) the occurrence at any time of a change in law affecting any 
underlying hedging position in relation to the Securities or materially increasing the Issuer's costs in 
relation to performing its obligations in respect of the Securities or, except in the case of Italian Listed 
Certificates, a Hedging Disruption or, except in the case of Italian Listed Certificates, an Increased Cost 
of Hedging, or (b) a corporate action, insolvency, merger event, nationalisation, adviser resignation 
event, fund modification, strategy breach, regulatory action, reporting disruption, cross-contamination, 
failure by a fund service provider and/or any Additional Disruption Event specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms), then the Calculation Agent shall make such adjustment(s) to the terms of the Securities as 
the Calculation Agent determines necessary to account for the effect of such Adjustment Event or the 
Calculation Agent may replace the Mutual Fund Interest that is the subject of the Adjustment Event with 
a new Mutual Fund Interest selected by the Calculation Agent (in a fund which provides daily liquidity, 
the shares or units of which may be subscribed, sold to or redeemed by the fund (subject to giving no 
more than two fund business days' notice and no charges being imposed by the fund), and which in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, has the same or substantially similar strategies, and the same 
currency as, the affected mutual fund). Any such adjustment may include, in the case of an Increased 
Cost of Hedging, adjustments to pass on to Securityholders any such Increased Cost of Hedging 
(including, but not limited to, reducing any amounts payable or deliverable in respect of the Securities to 
reflect any such increased costs). Any such adjustment may also include a monetisation whereby the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the value of the Mutual Fund Interest affected by the relevant 
Adjustment Event on a date selected by the Calculation Agent and shall make such adjustments to the 
terms of the Securities so that the Securities reference such value (and interest thereon) rather than such 
Mutual Fund Interest. Any such adjustment(s) or substitution may have an adverse effect on the value of 
such Securities and, if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment(s) or substitution can 
reasonably so be made, such Adjustment Event shall be an Early Redemption Event. 
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, (a) circumstances where the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment(s) or substitution can reasonably be made following an 
Adjustment Event, (b) the Calculation Agent determines that no Monetisation can reasonably be effected, 
(c) a Section 871(m) Event or (d) a Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event (if specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), the Securities may be redeemed as more fully set out in the 
terms and conditions of the relevant Securities. If the Securities are redeemed early, the Issuer will pay 
to each Securityholder an amount calculated in accordance with the method specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The amount repaid to you could be substantially 
less than your initial investment and you could therefore sustain a loss.

--- Page 63 ---
RISK FACTORS 
35 
 
Risks associated with Securities linked to currency exchange rates 
An investment in Securities linked to currency exchange rates may bear similar market risks to a direct 
investment in foreign exchange.  
Movements in currency exchange rates may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate 
with changes in interest rates or other indices and the timing of changes in the currency exchange rates 
may affect the actual yield to you, even if the average level is consistent with your expectations. In 
addition, Securities linked to currency exchange rates may be linked to emerging market currencies and, 
as such, may experience greater volatility and less certainty as to future levels or as against other 
currencies. Emerging market currencies are highly exposed to the risk of a currency crisis happening in 
the future and this could result in the occurrence of a Disrupted Day. 
Fluctuations in exchange rates and implied volatility of the relevant currency (or basket of currencies) 
will affect the value of the relevant Securities. Currency values may be affected by complex political and 
economic factors, including governmental action to fix or support the value of a currency/currencies, 
regardless of other market forces, which could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return 
on your Securities  (see "Changes in exchange rates and exchange controls could result in a loss of the 
value of the Securities and payments in respect thereof in relation to the currency of your jurisdiction"). 
Accordingly, you may receive a lower return on Securities linked to one or more currency exchange rates 
than you would have received if you had invested directly in the relevant currency or currencies or in 
another product. 
See Underlying Schedule 9 (FX Rate Conditions) for the specific terms and conditions in respect of 
Securities linked to currency exchange rates. 
Disrupted Days, Adjustment Events and Early Redemption Events in relation to Securities linked to 
currency exchange rates where the EMTA Provisions are not specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms 
As the terms and conditions of the Securities relating to currency exchange rates include provisions 
dealing with the postponement of a Valuation Date due to the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, such 
postponement or any alternative provisions for valuation provided in the terms and conditions of the 
Securities may have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on such Securities. 
Certain events or occurrences described below will only be relevant if the associated Adjustment Events 
and Early Redemption Events are specified as being applicable for currency exchange rates in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Event occurs in respect of a currency exchange 
rate (being, in each case if applicable, (a) the occurrence at any time of a change in law affecting any 
underlying hedging position in relation to the Securities or materially increasing the Issuer's costs in 
relation to performing its obligations in respect of the Securities or, except in the case of Italian Listed 
Certificates, a Hedging Disruption or, except in the case of Italian Listed Certificates, an Increased Cost 
of Hedging, or (b) a relevant country has lawfully converted or exchanged its currency for a successor 
currency), then the Calculation Agent shall make such adjustment(s) to the terms of the Securities as the 
Calculation Agent determines necessary to account for the effect of such Adjustment Event including, in 
the case of an Increased Cost of Hedging, adjustments to pass on to Securityholders any such Increased 
Cost of Hedging (including, but not limited to, reducing any amounts payable or deliverable in respect 
of the Securities to reflect any such increased costs). Any such adjustment(s) may have an adverse effect 
on the value of such Securities and, if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment(s) can 
reasonably so be made, such Adjustment Event shall be an Early Redemption Event. 
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, (a) circumstances where the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment(s) can reasonably be made following an Adjustment 
Event, (b) a Section 871(m) Event or (c) a Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event (if specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), the Securities may be redeemed as more fully set out in the 
terms and conditions of the relevant Securities. If the Securities are redeemed early, the Issuer will pay 
to each Securityholder an amount calculated in accordance with the method specified in the applicable

--- Page 64 ---
RISK FACTORS 
36 
 
Issue Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The amount repaid to you could be substantially 
less than your initial investment and you could therefore sustain a loss. 
Disrupted Days, Adjustment Events and Early Redemption Events in relation to Securities linked to 
currency exchange rates where the EMTA Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms 
The terms and conditions of the Securities include provisions dealing with the consequences of a 
Disrupted Day. These consequences shall be determined in accordance with the Disruption Fallbacks 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms and may include (i) where Valuation Postponement is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, postponement of a Valuation Date due to the occurrence of a Disrupted 
Day, (ii) where First Fallback Reference Price or Second Fallback Reference Price is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, determination of the Underlying Closing Level for the relevant Valuation Date 
by reference to alternative prices for the applicable currency exchange rate, and (iii) where Calculation 
Agent Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Calculation Agent 
determining the Underlying Closing Level for the relevant Valuation Date. Such alternative provisions 
for valuation provided in the terms and conditions of the Securities may have an adverse effect on the 
value of such Securities. The Valuation Postponement provisions, if applicable, may result in a 
Securityholder receiving payments in respect of the Securities after the originally scheduled date for 
payment. 
Certain events or occurrences described below will only be relevant if the associated Adjustment Events 
and Early Redemption Events are specified as being applicable for currency exchange rates in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Event occurs in respect of a currency exchange 
rate (being, in each case if applicable, (a) the occurrence at any time of a change in law affecting any 
underlying hedging position in relation to the Securities or materially increasing the Issuer's costs in 
relation to performing its obligations in respect of the Securities or, except in the case of Italian Listed 
Certificates, a Hedging Disruption or, except in the case of Italian Listed Certificates, an Increased Cost 
of Hedging, or (b) any relevant rate which as of the Trade Date is reported, sanctioned, recognised, 
published, announced or adopted (or similar action) by the relevant Government Authority and any such 
rate cease to be so reported, sanctioned, recognised, published, announced or adopted (or similar action)), 
then the Calculation Agent shall make such adjustment(s) to the terms of the Securities as the Calculation 
Agent determines necessary to account for the effect of such Adjustment Event including, in the case of 
an Increased Cost of Hedging, adjustments to pass on to Securityholders any such Increased Cost of 
Hedging (including, but not limited to, reducing any amounts payable or deliverable in respect of the 
Securities to reflect any such increased costs) and in the case of a successor rate, determination of the 
relevant rate by reference to the official successor rate. Any such adjustment(s) may have an adverse 
effect on the value of such Securities and, if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment(s) can 
reasonably so be made, such Adjustment Event shall be an Early Redemption Event. 
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, (a) circumstances where the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment(s) can reasonably be made following an Adjustment 
Event, (b) a Section 871(m) Event or (c) a Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event (if specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), the Securities may be redeemed as more fully set out in the 
terms and conditions of the relevant Securities. If the Securities are redeemed early, the Issuer will pay 
to each Securityholder an amount calculated in accordance with the method specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The amount repaid to you could be substantially 
less than your initial investment and you could therefore sustain a loss. 
Currency Settlement Disruption Event 
If, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, payment of any amount due in respect of the Securities cannot 
be made by it in the Specified Currency on any date on which payment is scheduled to be made under 
the Securities due to the occurrence of a Currency Settlement Disruption Event (being (a) the imposition 
of restrictions on the transferability, purchase and holding of the Specified Currency, (b) its non-
acceptance by a clearing system or its disuse, (c) its illiquidity in the relevant market or (d) any other 
circumstances beyond the Issuer's control), then the Issuer shall be entitled to satisfy its obligations to 
Securityholders by either (i) delaying any such payment until after the Currency Settlement Disruption 
Event ceases to exist, or (ii) making such payment in United States dollars on, or as soon as reasonably

--- Page 65 ---
RISK FACTORS 
37 
 
practicable after, the relevant payment date. Any such delayed payment or payment in United States 
dollars will not constitute a default and Securityholders shall not be entitled to further interest or any 
other payment in respect of such delay. 
See further FX Rate Condition 6(c) (Settlement Disruption) of Part A of Underlying Schedule 9 (FX Rate 
Conditions), and FX Rate Condition 6(e) (Settlement Disruption) of Part B of Underlying Schedule 9 
(FX Rate Conditions). 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Warrants  
Securities linked to Warrants will give rise to obligations of the Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor 
and will not give rise to any obligations of the issuer of any Warrant, and accordingly you will have no 
recourse against any such issuer. 
No issuer of such Warrants will have participated in the preparation of the applicable Issue Terms or in 
establishing the terms of the Securities and none of the Issuer, (if applicable) the Guarantor and any 
Dealer will make any investigation or enquiry in connection with the offering with respect to the 
information concerning any such issuer of Warrants or the assets, indices or other item(s) to which the 
Warrants relate contained in such Issue Terms or in the documents from which such information was 
extracted. Consequently, there can be no assurance that all events occurring prior to the relevant issue 
date (including events that would affect the accuracy or completeness of the publicly available documents 
described in this paragraph or in any applicable Issue Terms) that would affect the trading price of the 
Warrants will have been publicly disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of any such events or the disclosure 
of or failure to disclose material future events concerning such an issuer of Warrants or such assets, 
indices or other item(s) could affect the trading price of the Warrants and therefore the trading price of 
the relevant Securities. 
Except as provided in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to Physical Delivery Securities, 
Securityholders will not have rights to receive distributions or any other rights with respect to the relevant 
Warrants to which such Securities relate notwithstanding that, if so specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement and in relation to Exempt Securities only, Securityholders may be entitled to receive 
payments calculated by reference to the amount of distributions or other payments that would be received 
by a holder of the relevant Warrants. The return on such Securities may thus not reflect any distributions 
which would be paid to you if you had made a direct investment in the relevant Warrants. Consequently, 
the return on Securities linked to Warrants may be less than the return from a direct investment in the 
relevant Warrants. 
The risks of a Security relating to Warrants will depend on the terms of that Security and payments in 
respect of a Security relating to Warrants will depend upon the value of the relevant Warrants which will 
be dependent on the reference item or items underlying such Warrant (i.e. one or more indices, shares, 
depositary receipts, mutual fund interests, currencies, commodities, gilts or other reference items 
specified in the terms of the relevant Warrants). Such risks may include, but are not limited to, the 
possibility of significant changes in the price(s) of the Warrants. The value of Warrants may go down as 
well as up and the value of any Warrant on any date may not reflect its performance in any prior period. 
There can be no assurance as to the future value of any Warrant or of the continued existence of any 
Warrant or the issuer of the Warrants or the creditworthiness of the Warrant issuer. Accordingly, before 
making an investment decision with respect to Securities, you should carefully consider, among other 
matters, the value and price volatility of the relevant Warrants, as this may affect the value of and return 
on the Securities. 
In addition, the calculation of amounts payable on such Securities may involve reference to the 
performance of one or more Warrants over a period of time and to Warrants, the issuer(s) of which are 
incorporated outside the United States, the EEA and the United Kingdom. 
Accordingly, you may receive a lower return on Securities linked to one or more Warrants than you 
would have received if you had invested directly in the Warrants or in another product. 
See Underlying Schedule 10 (Warrant Conditions) for the specific terms and conditions in respect of 
Securities linked to Warrants.

--- Page 66 ---
RISK FACTORS 
38 
 
Early Redemption Events in relation to Securities linked to Warrants 
If an Early Redemption Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and occurs (being 
(a) the cancellation or termination of a relevant Warrant for any reason other than by reason of its 
scheduled exercise, (b) a Section 871(m) Event or (c) a Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event (if 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), the Securities may be redeemed as more fully set 
out in the terms and conditions of the relevant Securities. If the Securities are redeemed early, the Issuer 
will pay to each Securityholder an amount determined as set out in the Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
and the applicable Issue Terms. The amount repaid to you could be substantially less than your initial 
investment and you could therefore sustain a loss. 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Citi Proprietary Indices  
The level of a Citi Proprietary Index is generally based on the value of its components (each an index 
component), which may be securities, commodities, derivative instruments, indices or other types of 
assets or any combination of such assets, as described in the relevant index conditions and/or 
methodology and, as such, investors in Securities relating to Citi Proprietary Indices should also read the 
other risk factors relating to Securities linked directly to such index components. Global economic, 
financial and political developments, among other things, may have a material effect on the value of the 
index components of a Citi Proprietary Index and/or the performance of a Citi Proprietary Index, and 
this may in turn affect the value of and return on the Securities.  
The risks of a Security relating to a Citi Proprietary Index will depend on the terms of that Security and 
the relevant index conditions and/or methodology. Such risks may include the possibility of significant 
changes in: 
• 
the levels, prices, rates or values (as relevant) of the index components of such Citi Proprietary 
Index and the weighting of each such index component within such Citi Proprietary Index; 
• 
other objective prices; and 
• 
economic or other measures observed for the purposes of such Citi Proprietary Index. 
The above risks may have an effect on the performance of a Citi Proprietary Index, and this may in turn 
have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on the Securities. 
As disclosed in the relevant index conditions and/or methodology, any distribution, dividend and/or 
amount (distribution) paid to persons who have made an actual investment in any of the index 
components of a Citi Proprietary Index may not be reflected in the level of such Citi Proprietary Index. 
A distribution paid to persons who have made an actual investment in any of the index components of a 
Citi Proprietary Index will not be paid to the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI), 
the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) or to the holders of Securities relating to such Citi 
Proprietary Index. The return on such Securities will thus not reflect any such distribution. Consequently, 
the return on such Securities may be less than the return from a direct investment in any such index 
components. 
A Citi Proprietary Index reflects the performance of notional investment positions in its index 
components. There is no actual portfolio of assets in respect of such Citi Proprietary Index to which any 
person is entitled or in which any person has any ownership interest, and no Citi Proprietary Index creates 
any obligation of any person connected with any index component. A Citi Proprietary Index merely 
identifies certain hypothetical investment positions, the performance of which will be used as a reference 
point for the purpose of calculating its level. The performance of a Citi Proprietary Index may be different 
from the result of any actual investment in any one or more of its index components.  In particular, any 
notional fees or costs deducted in the calculation of the level of the relevant Citi Proprietary Index and 
any proportionate amount included in such level of any distribution in respect of any index component 
may be different from those arising in respect of any actual investment in any index component or 
combination of index components. 
The strategy that a Citi Proprietary Index aims to reflect may not be successful and other strategies using 
constituents which are the same as the index components of such Citi Proprietary Index may perform 
better than such Citi Proprietary Index.

--- Page 67 ---
RISK FACTORS 
39 
 
The index conditions and/or methodology of a Citi Proprietary Index describe the manner in which the 
relevant index calculation agent performs all calculations, determinations, rebalancings and adjustments 
in respect of such Citi Proprietary Index, and the limited circumstances in which the relevant index 
sponsor may amend the index conditions and/or methodology of such Citi Proprietary Index. In addition 
you should be aware that the calculation of amounts payable on Securities relating to a Citi Proprietary 
Index involves reference to an index that is administered and maintained and, in some cases, calculated 
and published by an affiliate of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and/or the CGMFL Guarantor, the 
level of which may not be widely published. The index conditions and/or methodology of a Citi 
Proprietary Index describe the conflicts of interest which may arise for the relevant index calculation 
agent and its affiliates. 
You should read the relevant index conditions and/or methodology if investing in Securities relating to 
a Citi Proprietary Index. 
The Citi Proprietary Index may not perform as anticipated and you could therefore lose some or all of 
your investment in Securities linked to a Citi Proprietary Index. 
See Underlying Schedule 11 (Proprietary Index Conditions) for the specific terms and conditions in 
respect of Securities linked to Citi Proprietary Indices. 
Disruption of an index component of a Citi Proprietary Index and determination of the level of such 
Citi Proprietary Index 
The conditions and/or methodology of a Citi Proprietary Index will set out the frequency of the 
publication of its level. In the event that the level, price, rate or value (as relevant) of any of its index 
components is not available for any reason, the relevant index calculation agent may calculate the level 
of such Citi Proprietary Index for the relevant day by observing a valuation for the affected index 
component from a different day or may delay the calculation of the level of such Citi Proprietary Index. 
Any such postponement or alternative provisions for valuation provided in the terms and conditions of 
such Securities may have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on such Securities. 
If "Component Valuation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and the level of the 
relevant Citi Proprietary Index has been published for a particular day, then if such day (a) is not a day 
on which valuations of an index component of such Citi Proprietary Index are scheduled to be observed, 
or (b) is a disrupted day for an index component of such Citi Proprietary Index (each, howsoever defined 
in the relevant index conditions and/or methodology of such Citi Proprietary Index), then any level of 
such Citi Proprietary Index calculated and published by the relevant index calculation agent for such day 
may be disregarded by the Calculation Agent and the Calculation Agent may itself calculate the level of 
such Citi Proprietary Index for such day in accordance with the then-current methodology of such Citi 
Proprietary Index but may do so by reference to the level, price, rate or value (as relevant) of the index 
components of such Citi Proprietary Index observed on subsequent days. This process may result in a 
level of such Citi Proprietary Index for such day being calculated by the Calculation Agent which is 
different to the published level of such Citi Proprietary Index and may have a material adverse effect on 
the value of and return on the relevant Securities. 
Disrupted Days, Adjustment Events and Early Redemption Events in relation to Securities linked to 
Citi Proprietary Indices 
As the terms and conditions of Securities relating to Citi Proprietary Indices include provisions dealing 
with the postponement of a Valuation Date due to the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, such postponement 
or any alternative provisions for valuation provided in the terms and conditions of such Securities may 
have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on such Securities. 
Certain events or occurrences described below will only be relevant if the associated Adjustment Events 
and Early Redemption Events are specified as being applicable for Citi Proprietary Indices in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Event occurs in respect of any Citi Proprietary 
Index (being, in each case if applicable, (a) the occurrence at any time of a change in law affecting any 
underlying hedging position in relation to the relevant Securities or materially increasing the Issuer's 
costs in relation to performing its obligations in respect of the relevant Securities or, except in the case

--- Page 68 ---
RISK FACTORS 
40 
 
of Italian Listed Certificates, a Hedging Disruption or, except in the case of Italian Listed Certificates, 
an Increased Cost of Hedging, (b) such Citi Proprietary Index (i) not being calculated and announced by 
or on behalf of the relevant index sponsor but instead being calculated and announced by or on behalf of 
a successor to the relevant index sponsor acceptable to the Calculation Agent or (ii) being replaced by a 
successor index, or (c) the imposition of, change in or removal of any tax relating to any index component 
of such Citi Proprietary Index or other asset relating to such index component (if specified as applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms)), then (A) the Calculation Agent shall make such adjustment(s) to the 
terms of the relevant Securities as the Calculation Agent determines necessary to account for the effect 
of such Adjustment Event, or (B) the Calculation Agent may replace the Citi Proprietary Index which is 
the subject of the Adjustment Event with either (1)  a new index using, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula and method of calculation as used in the 
calculation of the level of such Citi Proprietary Index, or (2) in the case of Exempt Securities only, a 
replacement index selected by reference to such other criteria as specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. Any such adjustment may include, in the case of an Increased Cost of Hedging, adjustments 
to pass on to Securityholders any such Increased Cost of Hedging (including, but not limited to, reducing 
any amounts payable or deliverable in respect of the Securities to reflect any such increased costs). Any 
such adjustments or substitution may have an adverse effect on the value of such Securities and, if the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment can reasonably so be made, such Adjustment Event 
shall be an Early Redemption Event. 
If a Proprietary Index Adjustment Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, in respect of a Citi 
Proprietary Index, (a) the relevant index sponsor announcing that it will make a material change to such 
Citi Proprietary Index, (b) the relevant index sponsor permanently cancelling such Citi Proprietary Index 
and no successor index existing, or (c) the relevant index sponsor or any other person or entity acting on 
its behalf failing to calculate and announce such Citi Proprietary Index), then the Calculation Agent may 
determine whether such Proprietary Index Adjustment Event has a material effect on the relevant 
Securities and, if so, shall either (i) calculate the relevant level of such Citi Proprietary Index in 
accordance with the formula for and method of calculating such Citi Proprietary Index last in effect prior 
to the applicable change, cancellation or failure, and/or (ii) substitute such Citi Proprietary Index with a 
replacement index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially 
similar formula and method of calculation as used in the calculation of the level of such Citi Proprietary 
Index or, in the case of Exempt Securities only, a replacement index selected by reference to such other 
criteria as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, and determine any adjustment necessary to account 
for such substitution, and/or (iii) make such adjustments to the terms of the Securities as it determines 
necessary or appropriate to account for the effect of such Proprietary Index Adjustment Event. Any such 
calculation, substitution and/or adjustment may have an adverse effect on the value of such Securities 
and, if the Calculation Agent determines that no calculation or substitution can reasonably so be made, 
such Proprietary Index Adjustment Event shall be an Early Redemption Event. 
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, (a) circumstances in which the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment or substitution can reasonably be made following an 
Adjustment Event, (b) no calculation or substitution can reasonably be made following a Proprietary 
Index Adjustment Event, (c) a Section 871(m) Event or (d) a Hedging Disruption Early Termination 
Event (if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), then the relevant Securities may be 
redeemed as more fully set out in the terms and conditions of the relevant Securities. If the relevant 
Securities are redeemed early, then the Issuer will pay to each Securityholder an amount calculated in 
accordance with the method specified in the applicable Issue Terms, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent.  The amount repaid to you could be substantially less than your initial investment and you could 
therefore sustain a loss. 
Risks relating to "big data" indices 
Securities may reference indices which use "big data" analytical techniques, or inputs which are based 
on "big data" analytical techniques (collectively Big Data Analysis).  Depending on the index, the Big 
Data Analysis may be performed by the index administrator or a separate organisation (the Analysis 
Provider). Indices using Big Data Analysis typically use a large number of underlying inputs and 
advanced analytical techniques, potentially including a form of artificial intelligence or machine learning 
(such as attempting to identify and react to patterns as opposed to specific events or circumstances that 
have been defined). Examples include indices with objectives related to the determination of market 
sentiment or ESG (environmental, social and governance) characteristics. Investors should be aware that 
the methodology for determining the Big Data Analysis may not be transparent and may not be fully

--- Page 69 ---
RISK FACTORS 
41 
 
disclosed in the index methodology document for the relevant index. The lack of full transparency may 
be due to a variety of reasons including, without limitation: challenges in describing a complex 
methodology in natural language; the use of a very large number of underlying data inputs from a wide 
range of sources (such that it is not practical either to list the individual inputs, or to do so without raising 
intellectual property and/or privacy issues); the Big Data Analysis could involve the exercise of 
discretion or judgement; and/or some or all of the methodology may be considered to be confidential or 
commercially sensitive. Investors should appreciate that the performance of such an index will be 
dependent on the Big Data Analysis, the underlying inputs, any changes over time in the determination 
methodology and/or underlying inputs, and any ongoing judgement or discretion exercised by the 
Analysis Provider. The use of Big Data Analysis may cause the index to perform in a manner that has 
not been anticipated in the design of the index, and, any such unanticipated performance may have an 
adverse impact on the performance and value of the Securities linked to it.  Prior to investing in Securities 
linked to such an index, investors should carry out their own due diligence, without reliance on the Issuer 
or the relevant Guarantor, on the relevant index and the associated Big Data Analysis and Analysis 
Provider. 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Dividend Futures Contracts  
The value of a Dividend Futures Contract will generally track the dividends paid by the companies (each 
a Relevant Company) comprised in the equity index (the Relevant Index) relating to the relevant 
Dividend Futures Contract from time to time during one calendar year. Global economic, financial and 
political developments, among other things, may have a material effect on the performance of such 
Relevant Companies and therefore on the value of the dividends paid by such Relevant Companies and 
the value of the relevant Dividend Futures Contract, and this may in turn have a material adverse effect 
on the value of and return on the Securities.  
Securities relating to Dividend Futures Contracts will give rise to obligations of the Issuer and (if 
applicable) the Guarantor and will not give rise to any obligations under the relevant Dividend Futures 
Contract or any obligations of any Relevant Company, and accordingly you will have no recourse against 
any sponsor of such Dividend Futures Contract or any such Relevant Company. No sponsor of the 
relevant Dividend Futures Contract will have participated in the preparation of the applicable Issue Terms 
or in establishing the terms of the Securities. 
Not all types of dividends paid by a Relevant Company may be relevant for the purpose of determining 
the price of a Dividend Futures Contract (for example, in general, ordinary dividends declared by a 
Relevant Company (paid in cash or shares) are considered as realised dividends, which, if so provided in 
the contract specifications for the relevant Dividend Futures Contract, are relevant for the purpose of 
determining the price of such Dividend Futures Contract, whereas special or extraordinary dividends are 
not generally considered as realised dividends and therefore, if so provided in the contract specifications 
for the relevant Dividend Futures Contract, will not be relevant for the purpose of determining the price 
of such Dividend Futures Contract). Further, the Relevant Companies may change from time to time in 
accordance with the rules of the Relevant Index and such a change in Relevant Companies may have an 
adverse effect on the price of the Dividend Futures Contract and amounts payable in respect of the 
Securities. You should refer to the contract specifications for the Dividend Futures Contract and the index 
rules relating to the Relevant Index for details regarding the calculation methodologies (including which 
dividends will be included in the calculation of the Dividend Futures Contract) and adjustments which 
may be made thereto (including to the Relevant Companies to be included in the Relevant Index). You 
should note that the performance of similar Dividend Futures Contracts in respect of prior contract 
periods will not necessarily be indicative of the performance of the relevant Dividend Futures Contract 
to which the Securities relate. 
The market value of the Securities may, at any time, be affected by certain factors relating to Dividend 
Futures Contracts which may include, but are not limited to, the possibility of significant changes in: 
• 
the Relevant Companies comprised in the Relevant Index and expectations relating to the 
dividends to be announced in relation thereto; 
• 
market interest and yield rates; 
• 
the time remaining to the final settlement date of the relevant Dividend Futures Contract; and

--- Page 70 ---
RISK FACTORS 
42 
 
• 
economic, political and macro-economic factors. 
Accordingly, before purchasing Securities relating to Dividend Futures Contracts, you should carefully 
consider, among other matters, the value and price volatility of Dividend Futures Contracts and the 
performance of the Relevant Companies comprised in the Relevant Index by reference to which amounts 
payable under the relevant Securities are calculated, as this may affect the value of and return on the 
Securities. 
In addition, the value of the dividends paid by the Relevant Companies may be influenced by many 
factors, including the earnings and dividend policy of each such Relevant Company, changes in 
applicable laws and regulations, global economic, financial and political developments and structural 
supply and demand factors. Relevant Companies may pay reduced dividends or no dividends in respect 
of the relevant contract period. The amount of dividends paid by Relevant Companies in respect of 
similar periods may bear no relation to dividends paid during the relevant contract period. Any such 
changes may have an adverse effect on the amount of relevant dividends paid by Relevant Companies 
and, in turn, the price of the relevant Dividend Futures Contract and amounts payable in respect of the 
Securities.  
Accordingly, you may receive a lower return on Securities linked to one or more Dividend Futures 
Contracts than you would have received if you had invested directly in the Dividend Futures Contracts 
or in another product. 
See Underlying Schedule 12 (Dividend Futures Contract Conditions) for the specific terms and 
conditions in respect of Securities linked to Dividend Futures Contracts. 
Adjustments to Valuation Dates, Adjustment Events and Early Redemption Events in relation to 
Securities linked to Dividend Futures Contracts 
As the terms and conditions of Securities relating to Dividend Futures Contracts may include provisions 
dealing with the postponement of a Valuation Date due to the occurrence of a Disrupted Day or the 
variation of a Valuation Date following the announcement by the relevant Dividend Futures Contract 
sponsor that the expiry date of a Dividend Futures Contract will occur on an alternative date to that 
originally contemplated, such postponement, variation or any alternative provisions for valuation 
provided in the terms and conditions of such Securities may have a material adverse effect on the value 
of and return on such Securities. 
Certain events or occurrences described below will only be relevant if the associated Adjustment Events 
and Early Redemption Events are specified as being applicable for Dividend Futures Contracts in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Event occurs in respect of any Dividend Futures 
Contract (being, in each case if applicable, (a) the occurrence at any time of a change in law affecting 
any underlying hedging position in relation to the Securities or materially increasing the Issuer's costs in 
relation to performing its obligations in respect of the Securities or, except in the case of Italian Listed 
Certificates, a Hedging Disruption or, except in the case of Italian Listed Certificates, an Increased Cost 
of Hedging, (b) such Dividend Futures Contract (i) not being calculated and announced by or on behalf 
of the relevant Dividend Futures Contract sponsor but instead being calculated and announced by or on 
behalf of a successor to the relevant Dividend Futures Contract sponsor, or (ii) being replaced by a 
successor Dividend Futures Contract), then the Calculation Agent shall make such adjustment(s) to the 
terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent determines necessary to account for the effect of such 
Adjustment Event including, in the case of an Increased Cost of Hedging, adjustments to pass on to 
Securityholders any such Increased Cost of Hedging (including, but not limited to, reducing any amounts 
payable or deliverable in respect of the Securities to reflect any such increased costs). Any such 
adjustments may have an adverse effect on the value of the Securities and, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that no adjustment can reasonably so be made, such Adjustment Event shall be an Early 
Redemption Event. 
If a Dividend Futures Contract Adjustment Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, in respect of 
a Dividend Futures Contract, (i) the relevant exchange and/or Dividend Futures Contract sponsor, as the 
case may be, announcing that it will make a material change or modification to a relevant Dividend 
Futures Contract, (ii) the relevant exchange and/or Dividend Futures Contract sponsor, as the case may

--- Page 71 ---
RISK FACTORS 
43 
 
be, permanently cancelling or discontinuing the Dividend Futures Contract or there otherwise being a 
permanent discontinuation in trading or trading never commencing in such Dividend Futures Contract 
and no successor Dividend Futures Contract existing, or (iii) any "final settlement price" not being 
displayed or published on the relevant electronic page or by the exchange at the relevant valuation time), 
then the Calculation Agent may determine whether such Dividend Futures Contract Adjustment Event 
has a material effect on the Securities and, if so, shall either (A) calculate the "final settlement price" of 
such Dividend Futures Contract by calculating the value of the relevant dividends for the applicable 
contract period for such Dividend Futures Contract by reference to the formula for and the method of 
calculation last in effect of any related dividend point index or such other sources as it deems appropriate 
and/or (B) make such adjustments to the terms of the Securities as it determines necessary or appropriate 
to account for the effect of the relevant Dividend Futures Contract Adjustment Event, and/or (C) 
substitute such Dividend Futures Contract with a replacement Dividend Futures Contract and determine 
any adjustment necessary to account for such substitution. Any such calculation, substitution and/or 
adjustment may have an adverse effect on the value of the Securities and, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that no calculation, adjustment or substitution can reasonably so be made, such Dividend 
Futures Contract Adjustment Event shall be an Early Redemption Event.  
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, (a) circumstances in which the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment or substitution can reasonably be made following an 
Adjustment Event, (b) no calculation, substitution or adjustment can reasonably be made following a 
Dividend Futures Contract Adjustment Event, (c) a Section 871(m) Event or (d) a Hedging Disruption 
Early Termination Event (if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), the Securities may 
be redeemed as more fully set out in the terms and conditions of the Securities. If the Securities are 
redeemed early, the Issuer will pay to each Securityholder an amount calculated in accordance with the 
method specified in the applicable Issue Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The amount 
repaid to you could be substantially less than your initial investment and you could therefore sustain a 
loss. 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Rates 
The market value of the Securities may, at any time, be affected by certain factors relating to Rates which 
may include, but are not limited to, the possibility of significant changes in the level of the Rate, 
macroeconomic, political or financial factors, speculation and central bank and government intervention. 
Fluctuations that have occurred in any Rate in the past are not necessarily indicative, however, of 
fluctuation that may occur in the Rate during the term of any Security. Accordingly, before purchasing 
Securities, you should carefully consider, among other matters, the value and price volatility of the 
relevant Rates, as this may have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on the Securities. 
Depending on the terms of the Securities, you may receive no amount(s) or assets because of the 
performance of the relevant Rates and you may lose a substantial portion of your investment. In addition, 
you should ensure that you review the terms of the Securities in question as these may provide for 
amounts due or assets deliverable to be determined by reference to an option or formulae linked to the 
relevant Rate rather than being a conventional debt security referencing a Rate, such as one which bears 
interest at a specified floating rate of interest. Accordingly, you may receive a lower return on Securities 
linked to one or more Rates than you would have received if you had invested in another product 
referencing a Rate. 
See Underlying Schedule 13 (Rate Conditions) for the specific terms and conditions in respect of 
Securities linked to Rates.  
Disrupted Days, Adjustment Events and Early Redemption Events in relation to Securities linked to 
Rates 
As the terms and conditions of Securities relating to Rates include provisions dealing with the 
consequences of a Disrupted Day, including referring to alternative price sources or determination of the 
relevant Rate by the Calculation Agent or by reference to quotes from reference dealers, such alternative 
provisions for valuation provided in the terms and conditions of such Securities may have a material 
adverse effect on the value of and return on such Securities.

--- Page 72 ---
RISK FACTORS 
44 
 
Certain events or occurrences described below will only be relevant if the associated Adjustment Events 
and Early Redemption Events are specified as being applicable for Rates in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Event occurs in respect of any Rate (being, in 
each case if applicable, the occurrence at any time of a change in law affecting any underlying hedging 
position in relation to the Securities or materially increasing the Issuer's costs in relation to performing 
its obligations in respect of the Securities or, except in the case of Italian Listed Certificates, a Hedging 
Disruption or, except in the case of Italian Listed Certificates, an Increased Cost of Hedging), then the 
Calculation Agent shall make such adjustment(s) to the terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent 
determines necessary to account for the effect of such Adjustment Event. Any such adjustment may 
include, in the case of an Increased Cost of Hedging, adjustments to pass on to Securityholders any such 
Increased Cost of Hedging (including, but not limited to, reducing any amounts payable or deliverable 
in respect of the Securities to reflect any such increased costs). Any such adjustments may have an 
adverse effect on the value of such Securities and, if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment 
can reasonably so be made, such Adjustment Event shall be an Early Redemption Event. 
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, (a) circumstances in which the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment or substitution can reasonably be made following an 
Adjustment Event, (b) a Section 871(m) Event or (c) a Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event (if 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), the Securities may be redeemed as more fully set 
out in the terms and conditions of the Securities. If the Securities are redeemed early, the Issuer will pay 
to each Securityholder an amount calculated in accordance with the method specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The amount repaid to you could be substantially 
less than your initial investment and you could therefore sustain a loss. 
Risks associated with Securities linked to Preference Shares 
Preference Share Linked Securities will give rise to obligations of the Issuer and (if applicable) the 
Guarantor. The Preference Share Company will have no obligations to investors in the Preference Share 
Linked Securities, and accordingly you will have no recourse against any such Preference Share 
Company. In particular, you will not benefit from any voting rights or distributions from or in respect of 
the Preference Shares or any income attributable to any securities or constituent comprised in any 
relevant Preference Share Underlying (as defined below). All rights arising in respect of the Preference 
Shares shall reside exclusively with the holder of the relevant Preference Shares (expected to be Citigroup 
Global Markets Limited or another affiliate of the Issuer). The return on such Securities may thus not 
reflect any distributions which would be paid to you if you had made a direct investment in the relevant 
Preference Shares or Preference Share Underlying(s). Consequently, the return on Securities linked to 
Preference Shares may be less than the return from a direct investment in the relevant Preference Shares 
or Preference Share Underlying(s). 
Preference Share Linked Securities give investment exposure to the value of the Class of Preference 
Shares to which the relevant Securities are linked. The value of the relevant Preference Shares will 
depend on the Preference Shares Terms and Conditions of the relevant Class (in particular the applicable 
defined return and the performance of the applicable Preference Share Underlying(s)) and the financial 
condition and standing of the Preference Share Company. If the value of the Preference Shares decreases 
the value of the Preference Share Linked Securities and the redemption amount payable at their maturity 
are expected to decrease correspondingly. If you invest in the Preference Shares Linked Securities you 
risk losing all or part of your investment if the value of the relevant Class of Preference Shares declines 
over the investment term of such Securities. 
If the Preference Share Company were to experience financial difficulties the Preference Share Company 
may be unable to fulfil its obligations under the Preference Share Terms and Conditions of each Class. 
In this scenario the value of the Preference Shares would be adversely affected and could be zero. As the 
Preference Share Linked Securities track the change in value of the Preference Shares any such reduction 
in the value of the Preference Shares is expected to have a corresponding effect on the value of the 
Preference Shares Linked Securities and the redemption amount payable at their maturity.  
You should note that while the redemption amount of the Preference Share Linked Securities is linked 
to the value of the Preference Shares of the relevant Class which will be influenced (positively or 
negatively) by the value of the Preference Share Underlying(s), any change may not be comparable to a 
direct investment in the Preference Share Underlying(s) and may be disproportionate.

--- Page 73 ---
RISK FACTORS 
45 
 
The risks of a Security linked to Preference Shares will depend on the terms of that Security and the 
relevant Preference Share Terms and Conditions. Such risks may include, but are not limited to, the 
possibility of significant changes in the price of the relevant Preference Shares. The value of Preference 
Shares may go down as well as up and the value of any Preference Share on any date may not reflect its 
performance in any prior period. There can be no assurance as to the future value of any Preference Share 
or of the continued existence of any Preference Share or the Preference Share Company. Accordingly, 
before making an investment decision with respect to Securities, you should carefully consider, among 
other matters, the value and price volatility of the Preference Shares, as this may affect the value of and 
return on the Securities. 
Preference Share Linked Securities are not principal protected. If you invest in such Securities you risk 
losing your entire investment if the value of the relevant Preference Shares and/or the relevant Preference 
Share Underlying(s) does not move in the anticipated direction.  
Except for the publication of the value of the Preference Shares and as otherwise expressly set out in the 
conditions of the Securities, the Issuer will not have any obligation to keep the Securityholders informed 
as to matters arising in relation to the Preference Shares. 
The issue price of the Preference Share Linked Securities may be more than the market value of such 
Securities as at the issue date, and more than the price at which the Securities can be sold in secondary 
market transactions. 
The levels and basis of taxation on the Preference Share Linked Securities and any reliefs for such 
taxation will depend on your individual circumstances and could change at any time. The tax and 
regulatory characterisation of the Preference Share Linked Securities may change over the life of the 
Securities. This could have adverse consequences for you. You will therefore need to consult your tax 
advisers to determine the specific tax consequences of the purchase, ownership, transfer and redemption 
of the Preference Share Linked Securities. 
Accordingly, you may lose some or all of your investment in Preference Share Linked Securities. 
See Underlying Schedule 14 (Preference Share Conditions) for the specific terms and conditions in 
respect of Securities linked to Preference Shares. 
Postponement of valuation and Early Redemption Events in relation to Securities linked to Preference 
Shares 
As the terms and conditions of the Preference Shares include provisions dealing with the postponement 
of a valuation date, if any date used for the valuation or any determination of any Preference Share 
Underlying is delayed or the value/level of the relevant Preference Share Underlying(s) is determined 
using a fall-back in each case in accordance with the relevant Preference Share Terms and Conditions by 
reason of a non-scheduled trading day, a disrupted day or the occurrence of an adjustment event, such 
postponement or fall-back determined may have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on 
the Preference Shares and in turn the Securities linked to the relevant Preference Shares. 
The provisions relating to Adjustment Events will not apply to Preference Share Linked Securities 
however equivalent provisions are expected to be included in the Preference Share Terms and Conditions. 
The occurrence of any such equivalent adjustment event may result in an adjustment to the terms of the 
relevant Preference Shares or their early redemption. Any such adjustment will be reflected in the value 
of the Securities linked to the relevant Preference Shares and may have an adverse effect on the value of 
such Securities. If the Preference Shares are to be redeemed early, the Securities linked to such Preference 
Shares will also be redeemed early. 
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being (a) a corporate action, insolvency, merger event, 
nationalisation, tender offer, or the receipt by the Issuer of notice that the relevant Preference Shares are 
to be redeemed early, (b) the occurrence at any time of a change in law affecting any underlying hedging 
position in relation to the Securities or materially increasing the Issuer's costs in relation to performing 
its obligations in respect of the Securities or, except in the case of Italian Listed Certificates, a Hedging 
Disruption or, except in the case of Italian Listed Certificates, an Increased Cost of Hedging, (c) a Section 
871(m) Event, (d) a Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event (if specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms), or (e) a Realisation Disruption Event), the Securities may be redeemed as more

--- Page 74 ---
RISK FACTORS 
46 
 
fully set out in the terms and conditions of the relevant Securities. If the Securities are redeemed early, 
the Issuer will pay to each Securityholder an amount determined on the same basis as the final redemption 
amount of the Securities except that the "final reference level" for such purposes shall be deemed to be 
the fair market value of the Preference Share on the date of early redemption as determined by the 
Calculation Agent using its internal models and methodologies and taking into account such factor(s) as 
the Calculation Agent determines appropriate. The amount repaid to you could be substantially less than 
your initial investment and you could therefore sustain a loss. 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH SECURITIES LINKED TO RATES, BENCHMARK REFORM 
AND THE DISCONTINUANCE AND REPLACEMENT OF "IBORS"  
The unavailability, disruption or discontinuance of any interest rate to which the Securities are linked 
will result in the application of certain fallback provisions 
In relation to any event or circumstance affecting an interest rate, the fallback provisions described in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 9 will be applied in the order set out therein, in each case where 
applicable for the relevant rate and the event or circumstance. If the first applicable option shown does 
not apply to the relevant interest rate and the relevant event or circumstance then the next option which 
does should be applied. It is possible that, following the application of such fallback provisions, the 
relevant rate could be determined on a different day than originally intended and/or may be determined 
by the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) in its discretion. There is a risk that the 
determination of the relevant interest rate in accordance with any of these fallback provisions may result 
in lower amounts payable to you under the Securities and a reduction in their market value. 
Any adjustments to the Conditions (including the determination of any spread or factor howsoever 
defined) which the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) determines are necessary 
or appropriate pursuant to the provisions of the USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions, the Reference Rate 
Event Provisions, the Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions  and the Substitute or Successor Rates 
provisions set out in the Rate Conditions shall be made to the extent reasonably practicable, but also 
taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the 
derivatives market) and may include, where applicable and without limitation: 
• 
technical, administrative or operational changes that the Calculation Agent or Determination 
Agent (as applicable) decides are appropriate; 
• 
the application of any adjustment factor or adjustment spread; and 
• 
(subject to applicable laws) adjustments to reflect any increased costs to the Issuer of providing 
exposure to the replacement or successor rate(s) and/or benchmark(s). 
Such adjustments may also be applied on more than one occasion, may be made as of one or more 
effective dates, may but does not have to involve the selection of a successor or replacement rate which 
is determined on a backwards-looking compounding basis by reference to a "risk-free rate" and which, 
unless the context otherwise requires or it is inappropriate, will be the relevant rate in relation to the then 
current and all future determination days. 
Investors should refer to "Section C – Investment Considerations – Application of Fallback Provisions 
in respect of Reference Rates and Benchmarks" for an overview of how and when such fallback 
provisions apply. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of and return on 
Securities linked to or referencing such "benchmarks" 
The Benchmark Regulation 
The EU Regulation on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to 
measure the performance of investment funds (the Benchmark Regulation) is a key element of the 
ongoing regulatory reform in the EU and has applied since 1 January 2018. The Benchmark Regulation 
has been amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 as regards EU Climate Transition Benchmarks, EU 
Paris-aligned Benchmarks and sustainability-related disclosures and by Regulation (EU) 2019/2175 and 
is currently under review, with further amendments anticipated, in particular in relation to powers for 
regulators to mandate one or more replacement rates for critical or systemically important benchmarks

--- Page 75 ---
RISK FACTORS 
47 
 
in certain limited circumstances (see "Discontinuance and replacement of Interbank Offered Rates" 
below) and to introduce a limited exemption for certain foreign exchange rates. These amendments are 
currently being negotiated but are expected to be effective before the end of 2020. 
In addition to so-called "critical benchmarks" such as the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) and 
the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR), other interest rates, foreign exchange rates and certain 
indices, will in most cases be within scope of the Benchmark Regulation as "benchmarks" where they 
are used to determine the amount payable under, or the value of, certain financial instruments (including 
Securities listed on an EU regulated market or EU multilateral trading facility (MTF)), and in a number 
of other circumstances.  
The Benchmark Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a 
benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark 
administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime 
or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities (such as 
CGML) of "benchmarks" provided by administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU 
based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
The Benchmark Regulation could have a material impact on any Securities linked to or referencing a 
"benchmark". For example: 
• 
a rate or index which is a "benchmark" may not be used in certain ways by an EU supervised 
entity if (subject to applicable transitional provisions) its administrator does not obtain 
authorisation or registration (or, if a non-EU entity, does not satisfy the "equivalence" conditions 
and is not "recognised" pending an equivalence decision). If the benchmark administrator does 
not obtain or maintain (as applicable) such authorisation or registration or, if a non-EU entity, 
"equivalence" is not available and it is not recognised, then the Securities may be redeemed 
prior to maturity; and 
• 
the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" could be changed in order to comply with 
the requirements of the Benchmark Regulation, and such changes could reduce or increase the 
rate or level or affect the volatility of the published rate or level, and (depending on the terms 
of the particular Securities) could lead to adjustments to the terms of the Securities as the 
Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) deems necessary or appropriate. 
Any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
"benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting 
of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the 
following effects on certain "benchmarks": (i) discourage market participants from continuing to 
administer or contribute to the "benchmark"; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in 
the "benchmark" and/or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the "benchmark". Any of the above changes or 
any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or 
investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Securities linked 
to or referencing a "benchmark" and the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent, as applicable, may 
be entitled to make corresponding adjustments to the conditions of the Securities. 
Discontinuance and replacement of Interbank Offered Rates 
Certain base rates, including LIBOR and EURIBOR, are the subject of ongoing national and international 
regulatory scrutiny and reform. Some of these reforms are already effective, while others are still to be 
implemented or formulated as follows: 
(a) 
LIBOR 
LIBOR (published in 7 maturities and 5 currencies) is expected to cease after 31 December 
2021. 
Regulatory authorities and central banks are strongly encouraging the transition away from 
LIBORs and have identified so-called "risk free rates" to replace such LIBORs as primary 
benchmarks. This includes (amongst others):  
(i) 
for GBP LIBOR, the Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA);

--- Page 76 ---
RISK FACTORS 
48 
 
(ii) 
for EUR LIBOR, the Euro Short-Term Rate (EuroSTR, ESTR or €STR); and  
(iii) 
for USD LIBOR, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR).  
Regulatory authorities and central banks have stated that market participants need to have 
removed dependencies on LIBOR by the end of December 2021 (and have also set various 
interim milestones for transitioning from IBORs to "risk free rates"). 
It is possible that a synthetic form of LIBOR could continue beyond the end of 2021 for certain 
tough legacy trades. In particular, proposed amendments to the UK onshored version of the 
Benchmark Regulation are expected to give UK regulators the powers in certain limited 
circumstances where the FCA has found that a critical benchmark is not representative of the 
market it seeks to measure to direct the administrator of a critical benchmark (post Brexit 
LIBOR is expected to be the only UK critical benchmark) to change the methodology of the 
benchmark if doing so would protect consumers and market integrity.  However, such powers 
are only intended for a narrow pool of tough legacy contracts that cannot transition. The exact 
details and scope of such proposed powers are to be confirmed. 
The EU has also published a proposal to amend the Benchmark Regulation to include a power 
for regulators to designate one or more replacement benchmarks in certain limited 
circumstances for critical benchmarks or systemically important benchmarks where certain 
triggers are satisfied, relating to non-representativeness, cessation or orderly wind-down of the 
benchmark or where its use by supervised entities in the European Union is no longer permitted. 
This proposal is also primarily intended to assist contracts that do not have fallbacks for 
permanent cessation. The detail of the legislative proposal is subject to change in particular in 
relation to key provisions such as contract scope, extraterritorial scope and triggers for the 
exercise of this power. 
The Alternative Reference Rates Committee (the ARRC) has also published a proposal for New 
York (NY) legislation to assist the transition of certain financial contracts governed by NY law 
which reference USD LIBOR which (among other things) provides that, by operation of law, 
any contract that has a fallback based on USD LIBOR or no fallback will fallback to the 
recommended benchmark replacement plus spread adjustment. It is however possible that the 
NY solution will not be effective before the discontinuation of LIBOR and absent a United 
States federal legislative solution its application is expected to be limited. 
Whilst the above proposed legislative solutions may assist some tough legacy trades, regulators 
have made clear that they are not an alternative to active transition. Parties who rely on potential 
legislative solutions will not have control over the economic terms of that action. Also there is 
a risk that such legislative solutions may not be effective in time, may not be able to address all 
issues or be practicable in all circumstances and the existence of different solutions in different 
jurisdictions could also give rise to potential conflicts of law. 
(b) 
EURIBOR 
Unlike LIBOR, EURIBOR is expected to continue to be published by the European Money 
Markets Institute (EMMI) past 2021, using a reformed or hybrid methodology, in compliance 
with the Benchmark Regulation. However, no assurance can be given this will be the case. 
Key risks relating to the reform and eventual replacement of IBORs with risk free rates 
The reform and eventual replacement of IBORs with risk-free rates may cause the relevant IBOR to 
perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be 
predicted. Any of these developments could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on 
Securities linked to any such rates and in addition, the Group's business, financial condition and results 
of operations could be impacted materially adversely and/or it could be subject to disputes, litigation or 
other actions with counterparties or relative participants. 
The risk-free rates have different calculation methodologies and other important differences from the 
IBORs they will eventually replace (see "Differences in methodologies" below). Market terms for 
Securities linked to such "risk free rates" may evolve over time, and trading prices of such Securities 
may be lower than those of later-issued Securities as a result. Furthermore, if the relevant risk-free rate

--- Page 77 ---
RISK FACTORS 
49 
 
(such as SONIA or SOFR) fails to gain market acceptance or does not prove to be widely used in the 
capital markets, the trading price of Securities linked to risk free rates may be lower than those of 
Securities linked to rates that are more widely used and as a result, you may not be able to sell your 
Securities at all or may not be able to sell your Securities at prices that will provide you with a yield 
comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer 
from increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
To the extent that any Securities reference an IBOR or EURIBOR, prospective investors in Securities 
should understand (i) what fallbacks might apply in place of such rate (if any), (ii) when those fallbacks 
will be triggered and (iii) what unilateral amending rights (if any) on the part of the Issuer or Calculation 
Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) apply under the terms of such Securities. See the risk 
factors set out below. 
Differences in methodologies 
Risk-free rates may differ from LIBOR, EURIBOR or other interbank offered rates in a number of 
material respects, including (without limitation) by being backwards-looking in most cases or being 
calculated on a compounded or weighted average basis, whereas such interbank offered rates are 
generally expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and include a risk-element based on interbank 
lending. As such, you should be aware that LIBOR, EURIBOR and other interbank offered rates and any 
risk-free rates may behave materially differently as interest reference rates for the Securities.  
Interest on Securities which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is not determined until the end 
of the relevant interest calculation period. Therefore, you may be unable to reliably estimate the amount 
of interest which will be payable on such Securities. Also, some investors may be unable or unwilling to 
trade such Securities without changes to their information technology or other operational systems, which 
could adversely impact the liquidity of such Securities. Further, if the Securities become due and payable 
following an Event of Default, or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment 
Date, the final Interest Rate payable in respect of such Securities shall be determined by reference to a 
shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the Securities become due and payable 
or are scheduled for redemption. 
Developing markets for SONIA, SOFR and €STR and potential impact on performance and returns 
The market continues to develop in relation to adoption of SONIA, SOFR and €STR as reference rates 
in the capital markets for sterling, U.S. dollar or euro bonds, respectively, and their adoption as 
alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rates. In addition, market participants and relevant working 
groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on risk-free rates, including term SONIA, SOFR 
and €STR reference rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average SONIA 
rate, SOFR or €STR over a designated term). 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Securities that reference such risk-
free rates issued under this Base Prospectus. Also, it is anticipated that term SONIA reference rates 
(which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average SONIA rate over a designated 
term) will be provisionally published from 2021. It is possible that market participants may seek to apply 
such compounded rate or term rates for capital markets issuances. 
The Issuer may in the future also issue Securities referencing SONIA, SOFR, €STR or other risk-free 
rates that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous SONIA, 
SOFR, €STR or other risk-free rate referenced Securities issued by it under this Base Prospectus.  
The development of new risk-free rates could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility, or could 
otherwise affect the market price of any Securities that reference a risk-free rate issued under this Base 
Prospectus from time to time.  
The new risk free rates may have no established trading market, and an established trading market may 
never develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for Securities indexed to the new risk free rates 
may evolve over time, and may lead to impacts on trading prices and values, and such Securities may 
not be able to be sold or may not be able to be sold at prices that will provide a yield comparable to

--- Page 78 ---
RISK FACTORS 
50 
 
similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased 
pricing volatility and market risk 
Similarly, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the 
derivatives and loan markets. You should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of 
such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial 
arrangements which you may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of 
Securities referencing such risk-free rates. 
Interest on Securities linked to USD LIBOR will be calculated using a Benchmark Replacement 
selected by the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent if a Benchmark Transition Event occurs 
USD LIBOR may be replaced by a successor or substitute interest rate 
If the USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions apply pursuant to Valuation and Settlement Condition 9, and if 
the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its 
related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to USD LIBOR, then a Benchmark 
Replacement will be determined by the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent and substituted for 
USD LIBOR for all purposes of the Securities (for an overview of how the USD LIBOR Fallback 
Provisions apply, see "Section C – Investment Considerations – Application of Fallback Provisions in 
respect of Reference Rates and Benchmarks"). Such a determination and any related decisions, 
determinations or elections made by the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent in connection with 
implementing a Benchmark Replacement with respect to the Securities could result in adverse 
consequences to the relevant rate of interest, which could adversely affect the return on, value of and 
market for the Securities. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event and the potential reliance on SOFR to determine the 
rate of interest may adversely affect the return on and the market value of the Securities 
Pursuant to the terms of Valuation and Settlement Condition 8, if the Calculation Agent or Determination 
Agent determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to USD LIBOR, then an alternative rate based on SOFR (if it can be determined 
and assuming no interpolated benchmark or fallback rate selected or formulated by ISDA are available) 
will be substituted for USD LIBOR for all purposes of the Securities (unless a Benchmark Transition 
Event also occurs with respect to the Benchmark Replacements that are linked to SOFR, in which case 
the next-available Benchmark Replacement will be used). In the following discussion of SOFR, when 
we refer to SOFR-linked Securities, we mean Securities at any time when the applicable Benchmark 
Replacement is based on SOFR. 
There is no guarantee that Term SOFR will be developed before LIBOR ceases and therefore the 
consequences of the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event in relation to Securities linked to USD 
LIBOR are uncertain 
The Benchmark Replacements include Term SOFR, a forward-looking term rate which will be based on 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate. Term SOFR is currently being developed under the sponsorship 
of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (the NY Federal Reserve). However, sufficient liquidity is 
needed in the underlying swaps markets to develop a robust Term SOFR and there is no guarantee this 
will be possible before LIBOR ceases. If a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date occurs with respect to USD LIBOR, and if the Calculation Agent or Determination 
Agent cannot determine the relevant USD LIBOR rate by means of interpolating from other tenors of 
USD LIBOR or by reference to an ISDA Fallback Rate, and, at that time, a form of Term SOFR has not 
been selected or recommended by the Federal Reserve Board, the NY Federal Reserve, a committee 
thereof or successor thereto, then the next-available Benchmark Replacement will be substituted for USD 
LIBOR for all purposes of all subsequent determinations (unless a Benchmark Transition Event occurs 
with respect to that next-available Benchmark Replacement). 
These replacement rates and adjustments may be selected or formulated by (i) the Relevant 
Governmental Body (such as the Alternative Reference Rates Committee of the NY Federal Reserve), 
or (ii) in certain circumstances, the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent. In addition, the 
Calculation Agent or Determination Agent may make changes with respect to, among other things, the

--- Page 79 ---
RISK FACTORS 
51 
 
timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest. The Calculation Agent or 
Determination Agent may adopt further changes it decides appropriate, such as technical, administrative 
or operational changes with respect to the Benchmark Replacement (including, without limitation, 
changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments, rounding of amounts or 
tenors, the introduction of any time delay or lag between the calculation or observation period of a rate 
and the related payment dates and other administrative matters) to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark 
Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Calculation Agent or 
Determination Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively 
feasible or if the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent determines that no market practice for use 
of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Calculation Agent or Determination 
Agent determines is reasonably necessary). Such changes could result in adverse consequences to the 
return on and value of the Securities. Further, there is no assurance that the characteristics of any 
Benchmark Replacement will be similar to the then-current Benchmark that it is replacing, or that any 
Benchmark Replacement will produce the economic equivalent of the then-current Benchmark that it is 
replacing. 
SOFR differs fundamentally from, and may not be a comparable replacement for, USD LIBOR 
The NY Federal Reserve began to publish SOFR in April 2018 and began publishing SOFR Averages (a 
SOFR Index) in March 2020. SOFR is intended to be a broad measure of the cost of borrowing cash 
overnight collateralised by Treasury securities. The NY Federal Reserve reports that SOFR includes all 
trades in the Broad General Collateral Rate, plus bilateral Treasury repurchase agreement (repo) 
transactions cleared through the delivery-versus-payment service offered by the Fixed Income Clearing 
Corporation (the FICC), a subsidiary of The Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation (DTCC). SOFR 
is filtered by the NY Federal Reserve to remove a portion of the foregoing transactions considered to be 
"specials". According to the NY Federal Reserve, "specials" are repos for specific-issue collateral which 
take place at cash-lending rates below those for general collateral repos because cash providers are 
willing to accept a lesser return on their cash in order to obtain a particular security. The NY Federal 
Reserve reports that SOFR is calculated as a volume-weighted median of transaction-level tri-party repo 
data collected from The Bank of New York Mellon, which currently acts as the clearing bank for the tri-
party repo market, as well as General Collateral Finance Repo transaction data and data on bilateral 
Treasury repo transactions cleared through the FICC's delivery-versus-payment service. The NY Federal 
Reserve notes that it obtains information from DTCC Solutions LLC, an affiliate of DTCC. 
SOFR differs fundamentally from LIBOR. For example, SOFR is a secured overnight rate, while USD 
LIBOR is an unsecured rate that represents interbank funding over different maturities. In addition, 
because SOFR is a transaction-based rate, it is backward-looking, whereas USD LIBOR is forward-
looking. Because of these and other differences, there can be no assurance that the SOFR will perform 
in the same way as USD LIBOR would have done at any time, and there is no guarantee that it is a 
comparable substitute for USD LIBOR. 
Furthermore, the NY Federal Reserve notes on its publication page for SOFR that use of SOFR is subject 
to important limitations, indemnification obligations and disclaimers, including that the NY Federal 
Reserve may alter the methods of calculation, publication schedule, rate revision practices or availability 
of SOFR at any time without notice. There can be no guarantee that SOFR will not be discontinued or 
fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to holders of SOFR-linked Securities. If the 
manner in which SOFR is calculated is changed or if SOFR is discontinued, that change or 
discontinuance may adversely affect the return on and value of the relevant Securities. 
No reliance on historical data 
Although the NY Federal Reserve has also begun publishing historical indicative SOFR going back to 
2014, such pre-publication historical data inherently involves assumptions, estimates and 
approximations. You should not rely on any historical changes or trends in SOFR as an indicator of the 
future performance of SOFR. Since the initial publication of SOFR, daily changes in the rate have, on 
occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmark or market rates. As a result, 
the return on and value of SOFR-linked Securities may fluctuate more than floating rate securities that 
are linked to less volatile rates. 
The Calculation Agent or Determination Agent may make determinations or elections that could 
adversely affect the return on, value of and market for Securities linked to USD LIBOR

--- Page 80 ---
RISK FACTORS 
52 
 
If the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its 
related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to USD LIBOR, then it may make 
certain determinations, decisions and elections with respect to the rate of interest on such Securities. Any 
such determination, decision or election could affect the amount of interest payable on such Securities. 
For example, if the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent determines that a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred, then it will determine, among other 
things, the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. Any exercise of discretion by the Calculation 
Agent or Determination Agent under the terms and conditions of the Securities, could present a conflict 
of interest. In making the determinations, decisions and elections, the Calculation Agent or 
Determination Agent may have economic interests that are adverse to the interests of the holders of the 
Securities, and such determinations, decisions or elections could have a material adverse effect on the 
return on, value of and market for such Securities. All determinations, decisions or elections by the 
Calculation Agent or Determination Agent pursuant to the Benchmark Transition Provisions will be 
conclusive and binding absent manifest error, will be made in the sole discretion of the Calculation Agent 
and Determination Agent and shall become effective without consent from the holders of Securities or 
any other party. 
Interim adjustments 
If, following a Benchmark Transition Event but prior to any adjustments or replacement having occurred, 
the relevant USD Benchmark is required for any determination in respect of the Securities and at that 
time, a Benchmark Replacement and any Benchmark Replacement Adjustment have not been determined 
and relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes have not been made and: 
(A) 
if the USD Benchmark is still available, and it is still permitted under applicable law or 
regulation for the Securities to reference the USD Benchmark, the USD Benchmark shall be 
determined pursuant to the terms that would apply to the determination of the USD Benchmark 
as if no Benchmark Transition Event had occurred; or 
(B) 
if the USD Benchmark is no longer available or it is no longer permitted under applicable law 
or regulation for the Securities to reference the USD Benchmark, the USD Benchmark shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, 
after consulting any source it deems to be reasonable, as (a) a substitute or successor rate that it 
has determined is the industry-accepted (in the derivatives market) substitute or successor rate 
for USD LIBOR of the relevant tenor or (b) if it determines there is no such industry-accepted 
(in the derivatives market) substitute or successor rate, a substitute or successor rate that it 
determines is a commercially reasonable alternative to the USD Benchmark, taking into account 
prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the 
derivatives market).  
To the extent that any Securities reference a USD Benchmark with respect to which a Benchmark 
Transition Event is likely to occur during the term of such Securities, prospective investors should be 
aware that the consequence of the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event described above will be 
realised if such a Benchmark Transition Event occurs and the USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions apply 
pursuant to Valuation and Settlement Condition 9. 
The interests of the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent in making the determinations described 
above may be adverse to your interests as a holder of Securities. The selection of a Benchmark 
Replacement, and any decisions made by the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent in connection 
with implementing a Benchmark Replacement with respect to the Securities, could have a material 
adverse effect on the value of and return on the Securities. Further, there is no assurance that the 
characteristics of any Benchmark Replacement will be similar to the relevant USD Benchmark or that 
any Benchmark Replacement will produce the economic equivalent of such USD Benchmark. In 
particular, any of these fallback provisions may result in interest payments that are lower than, or do not 
otherwise correlate over time with, the payments that would have been made on the relevant Securities 
if the previous rate had continued being published in its current form. 
Interest on Securities linked to a Reference Rate will be calculated using a Replacement Reference 
Rate selected by the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) if a Reference Rate 
Event occurs

--- Page 81 ---
RISK FACTORS 
53 
 
Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event  
If the Reference Rate Event Provisions apply pursuant to Valuation and Settlement Condition 9, there is 
a risk that a Reference Rate Event may occur in respect of such Reference Rate (for an overview of how 
the Reference Rate Event Provisions apply, see "Section C – Investment Considerations – Application of 
Fallback Provisions in respect of Reference Rates and Benchmarks").  
It is uncertain as to if or when a Reference Rate Event may occur in respect of a Reference Rate and the 
circumstances which could trigger such an event are outside of the Issuer’s control. Whether a Reference 
Rate Event has occurred will be determined by the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as 
applicable), and any subsequent use of a replacement Reference Rate is likely to result in changes to the 
Conditions (which could be extensive) and/or interest or other payments under the Securities that are 
lower than or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the payments that could have been made on 
such Securities if the relevant Reference Rate remained available in its current form. 
Subject to the Conditions, each Securityholder will bear the risks arising from any such change and will 
not be entitled to any form of compensation as a result of any such change. 
Determination of alternative benchmark and any Adjustment Spread 
If the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) determines that a Reference Rate Event 
has occurred in respect of a Reference Rate, it will: 
(A)  
seek to identify a Replacement Reference Rate; 
(B)  
calculate the adjustment, if any, to the Replacement Reference Rate that it determines is required 
in order to reduce any transfer of economic value from (i) the Issuer to the Securityholders or (ii) 
the Securityholders to the Issuer, in each case that would otherwise arise as a result of the 
replacement of the Reference Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate (an Adjustment 
Spread);  
(C)  
determine such other amendments to the Securities which it considers are necessary and/or 
appropriate in order to account for the effect of the replacement of the relevant Reference Rate 
with the Replacement Reference Rate (as adjusted by the Adjustment Spread); and 
(D)  
determine the timing for when the Replacement Reference Rate, Adjustment Spread and such 
other adjustments will become effective in relation to the relevant Securities.  
You should be aware that: 
(I)  
if, with respect to a Material Change Event Trigger, the Calculation Agent or Determination 
Agent (as applicable) determines that it is not possible or commercially reasonable to adjust the 
terms of the Securities as it determines necessary or appropriate to account for the effect of such 
material change, then absent a determination that no Replacement Reference Rate or other 
amendments to the terms of the Securities are required, the relevant Securities may, at the 
Issuer's option, be subject to an early redemption, in which case you may lose some or all of 
your investment; 
(II) 
the application of any Replacement Reference Rate (notwithstanding the inclusion of any 
Adjustment Spread), together with any consequential amendments (or, if applicable, any 
changes made following a material change), could result in a lower amount being payable than 
would otherwise have been the case; 
(III) 
any such Replacement Reference Rate (as adjusted by any Adjustment Spread) and any 
consequential amendments (or, if applicable, any changes made following a material change) 
shall apply without requiring the consent of the holders of Securities; and 
(IV) 
if the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) determines that it is not possible 
or commercially reasonable to identify a Replacement Reference Rate or calculate an 
Adjustment Spread, the Securities may, at the Issuer's option, be the subject of an early 
redemption, in which case you may lose some or all of your investment. There is no guarantee

--- Page 82 ---
RISK FACTORS 
54 
 
that a Replacement Reference Rate will be identified or that an Adjustment Spread will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable). 
The Adjustment Spread may be positive, negative or zero and/or determined pursuant to a formula or 
methodology. There can be no assurance that the replacement adjustment will fully mitigate the transfer 
of economic value between the Issuer and holders and the proposed replacement adjustments are not 
intended, or able, to replicate the dynamic bank credit risk premium embedded in an IBOR. 
Interim adjustments 
If, following a Reference Rate Event but prior to any adjustments or replacement having occurred, the 
relevant Reference Rate is required for any determination in respect of the Securities and at that time, no 
amendments have occurred in accordance with the foregoing and: 
(A) 
if the Reference Rate is still available, and it is still permitted under applicable law or regulation 
for the Securities to reference the Reference Rate, the level of the Reference Rate shall be 
determined pursuant to the terms that would apply to the determination of the Reference Rate 
as if no Reference Rate Event had occurred; or 
(B) 
if the Reference Rate is no longer available or it is no longer permitted under applicable law or 
regulation for the Securities to reference the Reference Rate, the level of the Reference Rate 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) in its sole 
and absolute discretion, after consulting any source it deems to be reasonable, as (a) a substitute 
or successor rate that it has determined is the industry-accepted (in the derivatives market) 
substitute or successor rate for the relevant Reference Rate or (b) if it determines there is no 
such industry-accepted (in the derivatives market) substitute or successor rate, a substitute or 
successor rate that it determines is a commercially reasonable alternative to the Reference Rate, 
taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without 
limitation, the derivatives market).  
To the extent that any Securities reference a Reference Rate with respect to which a Reference Rate 
Event is likely to occur during the term of such Securities, prospective investors should be aware that the 
consequence of the occurrence of a Reference Rate Event described above will be realised if such a 
Reference Rate Event occurs. 
The interests of the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) in making the 
determinations described above may be adverse to your interests as a holder of Securities. The selection 
of a Replacement Reference Rate, and any decisions made by the Calculation Agent or Determination 
Agent (as applicable) in connection with implementing a Replacement Reference Rate with respect to 
the Securities, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on the Securities. Further, 
there is no assurance that the characteristics of any Replacement Reference Rate will be similar to the 
relevant Reference Rate or that any Replacement Reference Rate will produce the economic equivalent 
of such Reference Rate. In particular, any of these fallback provisions may result in interest payments 
that are lower than, or do not otherwise correlate over time with, the payments that would have been 
made on the relevant Securities if the previous rate had continued being published in its current form. 
Risks relating to the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event 
The occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event (if applicable) may mean adjustments are made 
to the Securities which may include selecting one or more successor benchmarks and making related 
adjustments to the Securities, including if applicable to reflect any increased costs of the Issuer of 
providing exposure to the replacement or successor rate(s) and/or benchmark(s). Alternatively, early 
redemption of the Securities may apply. For an overview of how the Administrator/Benchmark Event 
provisions apply, see "Section C – Investment Considerations – Application of Fallback Provisions in 
respect of Reference Rates and Benchmarks" below. Any such adjustment may have an adverse effect 
on the value of, return on or market for the Securities, and if the Securities are early redeemed, the amount 
repaid to you could be substantially less than your initial investment and you could therefore sustain a 
loss. 
Failure by the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) and/or the Issuer to give 
notice

--- Page 83 ---
RISK FACTORS 
55 
 
Pursuant to the USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions, the Reference Rate Event Provisions and the 
Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions, the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as 
applicable) is required to notify the Issuer of certain determinations made in accordance with such 
provisions, and the Issuer is required to notify the Securityholders thereof or of certain elections to 
redeem the Securities. However, failure by the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) 
to so notify the Issuer or failure by the Issuer to so notify the Securityholders will not affect the validity 
of any such determination or election. 
Risks relating to the discontinuance or unavailability of a Rate 
If (a) the provisions of Underlying Schedule 13 relating to the determination of the Underlying Closing 
Level of a Rate on any Scheduled Trading Day in the event of the occurrence of any Disrupted Day and 
the Substitute or Successor Rates provisions and (b) the provisions relating to the consequences of any 
such Disrupted Day set out in the Conditions apply pursuant to Valuation and Settlement Condition 9, if 
(i) a Rate has been discontinued or is permanently no longer being published, or (ii) there has been an 
official announcement or formal publication of information by the supervisor of the administrator and/or 
sponsor of such Rate that the Rate (x) is no longer representative, or (y) as of a specified future date will 
no longer be capable of being representative, of any relevant underlying market(s) or economic reality 
that the Rate is intended to measure (in the case of (y) provided such specified future date has then 
occurred), the Calculation Agent may determine, in its sole and absolute discretion, the underlying 
closing level for such Rate by reference to an industry-accepted substitute or successor rate (or, if none, 
a rate which it determines is a commercially reasonable alternative, taking into account prevailing 
industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market)) and may 
make such adjustments to the Conditions as it determines necessary or appropriate to reflect any industry-
accepted practices for the successor Rate, including applying an adjustment factor. Any such 
amendments may result in payments under the Securities being different from those originally 
anticipated, and could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on the Securities. 
If a floating rate becomes unavailable it may be determined by reference to third party banks or in the 
Calculation Agent's or Determination Agent's (as applicable) discretion or by alternative methods 
If the SRD Fallback Provisions in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(a), the USD LIBOR SRD 
Fallback Provisions in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(b) or the ISDA Determination provisions 
in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(c) apply pursuant to Valuation and Settlement Condition 9, 
the relevant rate of interest may be determined by reference to quotations provided by third party banks 
and the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) will have no responsibility to the Issuer 
or any third party as a result of having acted on any such quotations. Further, if the relevant rate of interest 
cannot be determined by reference to bank quotations, then the rate of interest will be that determined by 
the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner having regard to alternative benchmarks then available and taking into account 
prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives 
market). As a result, the return on your Securities may be lower than expected and/or the value of your 
Securities may be adversely affected.  
If the SFRD (Non-Index) Fallback Provisions in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(d)(i) apply 
pursuant to Valuation and Settlement Condition 9 and the SONIA rate is not available or has not 
otherwise been published on a relevant day, the amount of interest payable on such Securities will be 
determined using (a) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (for the purposes of this paragraph, the Bank 
Rate) for such day plus the mean of the spread of the SONIA rate to the Bank Rate, or (b) if the Bank 
Rate is not available on such day, the SONIA rate published for the first preceding London Banking Day 
on which the SONIA rate was published. In respect of (a), there is no assurance that the characteristics 
of the Bank Rate and spread calculation will be similar to, or will produce the economic equivalent of, 
the SONIA rate upon which compounded daily SONIA is based. If the said rate and spread calculation 
provisions or alternative provisions for determining the SONIA rate in respect of a particular day become 
applicable, this could result in adverse consequences to the amount of interest payable on the Securities, 
which could adversely affect the return on, value of and market for the Securities. 
More generally, Swap Rates (as defined below) may be subject to reform in the future. These reforms 
may cause one or more Swap Rate(s) to be discontinued, to be modified, or to be subject to other changes. 
Any such consequence could also have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on Securities 
the payout of which is dependent on the performance of such Swap Rate.

--- Page 84 ---
RISK FACTORS 
56 
 
Swap Rates may be materially amended or discontinued 
EURIBOR, GBP LIBOR, USD LIBOR and other "IBORs" are used as the floating leg in the calculation 
of the EUR Swap Rate, GBP Swap Rate, USD Swap Rate and other swap rates (collectively, the Swap 
Rates, and each a Swap Rate), respectively. Consequently, if the calculation methodologies of 
EURIBOR, GBP LIBOR, USD LIBOR and/or other relevant "IBORs" are reformed, this could have a 
material effect on the calculation of the relevant Swap Rate(s). Furthermore, if EURIBOR, GBP LIBOR, 
USD LIBOR and/or other relevant "IBORs" are discontinued (the possibility of which is as described 
above), it may not be possible to calculate the relevant Swap Rate(s), and different fallback provisions 
would apply based on the fallback provisions described in Valuation and Settlement Condition 9. Such 
fallback provisions will be applied in the order set out therein. This may mean that any fallback 
provisions included as part of the ISDA Determination itself may not apply (including the fallback 
provisions within Supplement number 70 to the 2006 ISDA Definitions (Amendments to the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions to include new IBOR fallbacks)).  
Risks in connection with "Shift" and "Lag" methodologies 
Where SONIA Floating Rate Determination (Non-Index Determination) or SOFR Floating Rate 
Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the manner in which the Interest Rate is to 
be determined and, in respect of SOFR Floating Rate Determination, Index Determination is specified to 
be not applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, either "Shift" or "Lag" will be specified as applicable. 
"Shift" and "Lag" have emerged as conventions for daily compounding of rates in arrears. The 
conventions differ in the period that each method uses when weighting each business day's overnight 
rate for the relevant risk free rate. The "Shift" approach weights the relevant risk free rate according to 
the relevant number of days that apply in a separate observation period which 'shadows' the Interest 
Period (e.g. the observation period might start and end five business days preceding the relevant start and 
end of the Interest Period). The "Lag" approach weights the relevant risk free rate according to the 
number of days that apply in the relevant Interest Period. Investors should be aware that divergence 
between the "Shift" and "Lag" methodologies could lead to a difference in the interest being determined 
even where the relevant risk free rate is the same for the Securities and may not be what investors 
expected.  
Methodologies for determining interest payable in respect of Securities linked to SONIA or SOFR 
may differ substantially 
The amount of interest payable in respect of Securities linked to SONIA or SOFR will be calculated by 
reference to (i) the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily SONIA or 
SOFR, as applicable, as the reference rate for the calculation of interest); or (ii) where SONIA Floating 
Rate Determination (Index Determination) or Index Determination in respect of SOFR Floating Rate 
Determination applies, a screen rate, formula or value as may be published by the administrator of 
SONIA or SOFR, as applicable. There can be no assurance that amounts of interest determined pursuant 
to (i) and (ii) will be similar, and over time the market may adopt an application of these methodologies 
that differs significantly from that set out in the Conditions. Further, investors should refer to 
"Developing markets for SONIA, SOFR and €STR and potential impact on performance and returns" 
above for a description of the key risks relating to the development of risk free rates across the market 
generally. 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH CERTAIN TYPES OF SECURITIES AND CERTAIN PRODUCT 
FEATURES  
Risks relating to Fixed Rate Securities or Securities which pay a Non-Contingent Interest Amount 
Investment in Fixed Rate Securities or Securities which pay a Non-Contingent Interest Amount involves 
the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the rate or amount paid on such 
Securities, this will adversely affect the value of the Securities.  
Risks relating to Fixed/Floating Rate Securities 
Fixed/Floating Rate Securities may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate 
or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Where the relevant Issuer has the right to effect such a conversion, 
this will affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, the Securities, since the relevant Issuer

--- Page 85 ---
RISK FACTORS 
57 
 
may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to result in a lower overall cost of borrowing for the 
relevant Issuer. If the relevant Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate in such circumstances, 
the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Securities may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on 
comparable Floating Rate Securities tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at 
any time may be lower than the rates on other floating rate Securities issued by the relevant Issuer. If the 
relevant Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances, the fixed rate may be 
lower than the prevailing market rates. 
Risks relating to Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities 
Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities have an interest rate multiplied by an accrual rate which is 
determined by reference to the number of days in the relevant interest period on which one or more 
accrual condition(s) are satisfied. An accrual condition may be satisfied on any relevant day if the 
relevant reference observation is, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms:  
(a) 
equal to or above the specified barrier; or 
(b) 
above the specified barrier; or  
(c) 
equal to or below the specified barrier; or  
(d) 
below the specified barrier,  
or the relevant reference observation is, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(a) 
either equal to or above, or above, the specified lower range; and  
(b) 
either equal to or below, or below, the specified upper range.  
A reference observation may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms as (i) a single reference rate, (ii) 
a basket of two or more reference rates, (iii) the difference between two reference rates, (iv) the difference 
between the sums of two sets of reference rates or (v) a currency exchange rate.  
The interest rate of Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities may be a rate equal or calculated by reference 
to a specified fixed interest rate, a floating interest rate or a CMS swap rate (or if specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, either the lesser of or the difference between two CMS swap rates).  
The accrual rate may be subject to a cap or a floor and may be multiplied by a leverage factor. 
Accordingly, Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities may be subject to variable interest rates, can be 
volatile instruments, and/or may pay limited or no interest in respect of an interest period. 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify that the "Protected Range Accrual Provisions" apply, where 
the accrual factor is greater than the specified protection level, the accrual factor shall be deemed to be 
100 per cent. and the full amount of the interest amount for the relevant interest period will be paid even 
if the relevant accrual condition(s) are not satisfied on each relevant day in the relevant interest period. 
Risks relating to Spread Securities 
Spread Securities have an interest rate determined by reference to any of:  
(a) 
one (1) minus the result of a specified spread rate minus another specified spread rate; or  
(b) 
a specified spread rate minus another specified spread rate; or 
(c) 
the lesser of: (i) a specified spread rate plus or minus a spread cap margin, and (ii) the sum of: 
(A) a specified percentage rate per annum, and (B) the product of (I) a multiplier, and (II) the 
difference between two specified spread rates, 
and, in each case, plus or minus a margin (if specified in the applicable Issue Terms), and multiplied by 
an interest participation rate (if specified in the applicable Issue Terms).

--- Page 86 ---
RISK FACTORS 
58 
 
Each of the specified spread rates referred to in the preceding paragraph may be (i) a single specified 
rate, (ii) the sum of more than one specified rate or (iii) one specified rate minus another specified rate. 
Accordingly, Spread Securities may be subject to variable interest rates, can be volatile instruments, 
and/or may pay limited or no interest in respect of an interest period. 
Securities which are issued with variable interest rates or which are structured to include a multiplier 
or other leverage factor are likely to have more volatile market values than more standard securities. 
Securities with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include 
multipliers or other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of these features or other 
similar related features, their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do 
not include these features. Any such volatility may have a material adverse effect on the value of and 
return on the Securities. 
Mandatory early redemption or "autocall"  
If "Mandatory Early Redemption Provisions" are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then such Issue Terms will specify what constitutes a "Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event" and, 
following the occurrence of a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event, the Securities will be 
redeemed on the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Date and the relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms will become payable and no further amount 
shall be payable in respect of such Securities after the Mandatory Early Redemption Date. In this case, 
you are subject to a reinvestment risk, as you may not be able to replace your investment in such 
Securities with an investment that has a similar profile of chances and risks as the relevant Securities. 
If any Securities are redeemed early in accordance with the above, the amount you receive will be limited 
to the Mandatory Early Redemption Amount irrespective of the price of the relevant Underlying(s) or 
any other reference factor(s) applicable to such Underlying(s). Furthermore, you will not benefit from 
any movement in the price of relevant Underlying(s) that may occur during the period between the 
relevant date of early redemption and the maturity date. 
Unless the Mandatory Early Redemption Amount is a specified fixed amount and such amount is greater 
than your initial investment in the Securities, then you should note that, unless a scheduled minimum 
redemption amount is specified in all circumstances, then you may lose all or part of your investment. 
Securities subject to optional redemption by the Issuer  
An optional redemption feature of Securities, as set out in General Condition 6 (Redemption and 
Purchase) and any related provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, is likely to limit their market value. 
During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Securities, the market value of those Securities 
generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true 
prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Securities when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest 
rate on the Securities. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Securities being redeemed and may 
only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. You should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
Securities subject to a cap 
Where the terms of the Securities provide that the amount payable or deliverable is subject to a cap, your 
ability to participate in any change in the value of the Underlying(s) over the term of the Securities will 
be limited, no matter how much the level, price or other applicable value of the Underlying(s) rises above 
the cap level over the term of the Securities. Accordingly, the value of or return on the Securities may be 
significantly less than if you had purchased the Underlying(s) directly or through another product not 
subject to a cap.

--- Page 87 ---
RISK FACTORS 
59 
 
Risks relating to Securities that are Physical Delivery Securities 
Settlement disruption event and failure to deliver 
In the case of Physical Delivery Securities, if a Settlement Disruption Event occurs or exists on any date 
specified for the delivery of the relevant Entitlement, settlement will be postponed until the next 
Settlement Business Day in respect of which there is no Settlement Disruption Event. The Issuer (where 
Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the relevant 
Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) 
in these circumstances may select to deliver the relevant Entitlement in such other commercially 
reasonable manner as it may select or it may pay the Disruption Cash Redemption Amount in lieu of 
delivering the Entitlement. 
If, in relation to Physical Delivery Securities, "Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity" is specified as 
applying in the applicable Issue Terms and it is impossible or impracticable, in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent, to deliver, when due, some or all of the Relevant Assets where such failure to deliver 
is due to illiquidity in the market for such Relevant Assets, the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary 
is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the relevant Intermediary (where 
Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) has the right to pay 
the Failure to Deliver Redemption Amount in lieu of delivering some or all of such Relevant Assets 
which are affected by such illiquidity. 
If "Aggregation of Entitlements" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, Physical 
Delivery Securities which are held by the same Securityholder will be aggregated for the purpose of 
determining the aggregate Entitlements in respect of such Securities and such aggregate Entitlements 
will be rounded down to the nearest Tradeable Amount of the Relevant Asset(s), in such manner as the 
relevant Calculation Agent shall determine. If "Aggregation of Entitlements" is not specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Entitlement in respect of each Security will be rounded 
down to the nearest whole multiple of the Tradeable Amount of the Relevant Asset(s) in such manner as 
the relevant Calculation Agent shall determine. Amounts of the Relevant Asset less than the Tradeable 
Amount shall not be delivered and no cash or other adjustment will be made in respect of such rounding 
unless "Cash Adjustment" is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, in which case, the Issuer 
(where Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the 
relevant Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms) shall pay you a cash amount equal to the value of any such lesser amount. 
Consequently, Securityholders may not receive the Entitlements that they expect to receive, may receive 
less than they would otherwise expect or may receive a cash amount instead. 
Issuer's option to Substitute Assets or to pay the Alternate Cash Redemption Amount 
If the Securities are Physical Delivery Securities, the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the relevant Intermediary (where Settlement via 
Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) may, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that the Relevant Asset or Relevant Assets, as the case may be, comprises securities which 
are not freely tradeable and deliverable, elect either (i) to substitute a Substitute Asset or Substitute 
Assets, as the case may be, for the Relevant Asset or Relevant Assets, or (ii) not to deliver or procure the 
delivery of the relevant Entitlement or the relevant Substitute Asset or Substitute Assets, as the case may 
be, to the relevant Securityholders, but in lieu of such delivery to make payment to the relevant 
Securityholders on the maturity date of the Alternate Cash Redemption Amount. In these circumstances, 
Securityholders may receive assets which are different to, or cash instead of, the assets that they expected 
to receive. 
Expenses 
All Expenses arising from the delivery of the Entitlement in respect of Physical Delivery Securities shall 
be for the account of the relevant Securityholder. 
Expenses in respect of Physical Delivery Securities shall be deducted by the Issuer (where Settlement 
via Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the relevant Intermediary 
(where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) from any

--- Page 88 ---
RISK FACTORS 
60 
 
cash amount owing to you and paid by the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the relevant Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) on your behalf or paid by the Issuer (where 
Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the relevant 
Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) 
on your behalf by converting such amount of the Relevant Asset(s) due to be delivered as necessary to 
pay the Expenses, as specified by the Securityholder in the relevant Asset Transfer Notice. If any 
Expenses are not so paid, you shall be deemed to authorise the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary 
is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the relevant Intermediary (where 
Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) to convert and the 
Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) 
or the relevant Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms) may convert such amount of the Relevant Asset(s) into cash sufficient to cover 
the Expenses in respect of the relevant Security from which the relevant Intermediary shall deduct such 
Expenses. 
Variation of Settlement 
In respect of Physical Delivery Securities, the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not specified 
as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the relevant Intermediary (where Settlement via 
Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) has an option to vary settlement in 
respect of such Securities and, in lieu of delivering or procuring delivery of the relevant Entitlement, to 
pay an amount determined to be equal to the fair market value of the Entitlement on the Maturity Date. 
In such circumstances, you will not receive any Relevant Assets as the Securities will only be cash settled 
and the redemption amount you receive may be significantly less than your initial investment in the 
Securities. Furthermore, you would not benefit from any increase in the price of the Relevant Assets that 
would have otherwise been deliverable if the Securities had been settled by physical delivery after the 
date of determination of such fair market value. 
Risks relating to Securities that are Dual Currency Securities 
If the Securities are Dual Currency Securities, then amounts payable in respect of the Securities will be 
determined by converting all amounts due under the Securities from the Denomination Currency into the 
Relevant Currency by multiplying such amount by the Dual Currency Exchange Rate for the last 
occurring valuation date. In such circumstances, amounts that you receive in respect of the Securities are 
also linked to the performance of the Underlying which is the exchange rate used for such conversions. 
You should therefore also have regard to the risk factors relating to Securities linked to a currency 
exchange rate as set out above (in particular the risk factor entitled "Risks associated with Securities 
linked to currency exchange rates").  
RISKS SPECIFIC TO CREDIT LINKED NOTES AND/OR INDEX SKEW NOTES  
Credit risk of the Reference Entity 
Investors should note that a holder of a Credit Linked Note will be exposed to the credit of one or more 
Reference Entities, which exposure shall be, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Issue Terms, to the 
full extent of their investment in such Credit Linked Note or, in the case of Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, to the extent that the aggregate losses exceed the 
"attachment point". Upon the occurrence of any specified Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, with 
respect to any Reference Entity, investors may suffer significant losses at a time when losses may be 
suffered by a direct investor in obligations of such Reference Entity. However, the holding of a Credit 
Linked Note may not reflect the impact of investing in an obligation of a Reference Entity, and losses in 
relation to the Credit Linked Notes could be considerably greater than would be suffered by a direct 
investor in the obligations of a Reference Entity and/or could arise for reasons unrelated to such 
Reference Entity.  
In addition, the terms of the deliverable obligations of Reference Entities may not be standard, and 
holders of that debt may therefore incur additional losses that are not reflected in the relevant Credit 
Linked Notes. This is of greater force in the case where the Reference Entity is a sovereign. There are no 
common set of rules or practices that governs the manner in which a sovereign government, faced with

--- Page 89 ---
RISK FACTORS 
61 
 
deterioration in its fiscal position or the performance of its economy, may attempt to reach resolution 
with holders of its debt obligations. Due to, amongst other factors, the role of governments and 
international organisations as creditors, the ability of a sovereign to enact legislation that may affect 
holders of its debt obligations, and the role played by other governments, including those of the 
jurisdictions in which private creditors are located, the development of events is inherently unpredictable. 
As a result, specified Credit Events or Risk Events, as applicable, may not encompass all the 
circumstances in which holders of a sovereign Reference Entity's obligations may suffer credit-related 
losses. 
Legal risks 
Investors should note that a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, may still occur although (a) the 
Reference Entity/underlying obligor lacks capacity to enter into any obligation, (b) there is any actual or 
alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect to any obligation or (c) the 
Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, results from (i) any applicable law, order, regulation, decree 
or notice or change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or similar 
administrative or judicial body or (ii) the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital 
restrictions or any other similar restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority. Investors should 
note that such legal risks are borne by the investors and the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Risk Event, 
as applicable, that arises directly or indirectly as a result of these matters will not prevent the occurrence 
of a Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, from 
occurring under the Credit Linked Notes which will result in redemption of the Credit Linked Notes, in 
full or in part.  
Jurisdictional differences and assessment of Reference Entity 
There can be less publicly available information about certain Reference Entities particularly where the 
laws in the jurisdiction of the Reference Entity do not subject the Reference Entity to reporting 
requirements. Furthermore, certain Reference Entities are subject to accounting, auditing and financial 
reporting standards that may differ from those applicable in other jurisdictions, and the relevant ways in 
which the legal regime of a Reference Entity operates can result in differences in outcomes across various 
jurisdictions. The differences highlighted herein may make it more difficult to make an accurate 
assessment of the creditworthiness of certain Reference Entities, and these differences may have a 
significant effect on the recovery on an underlying debt obligation in the event of bankruptcy or 
reorganisation of a Reference Entity. For example, once a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding has 
commenced under the laws of certain jurisdictions, it may not be permissible to trade or accelerate the 
debt of the relevant issuer.   
In making any assessment with respect to the creditworthiness of any Reference Entity or the Reference 
Entity generally, investors should also take into account, amongst other factors, (a) the name of the 
Reference Entity given that there can be confusion among market participants with respect to similarly 
named entities within a corporate group or failure to monitor any recent name changes or Successors 
identified with respect to a particular Reference Entity; (b) the obligor on any referenced obligation and 
its capacity, to the extent relevant for any Credit Linked Note; (c) the characteristics of any obligation 
referenced such as whether it is senior or subordinated, senior non preferred, freely transferrable, secured 
or unsecured, a bond, loan or a payment obligation not related to borrowed money which may either 
meet or fail to meet certain requirements specified in the Credit Linked Note relevant to either the 
occurrence of a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, or redemption following a Credit Event or 
Risk Event, as applicable; and (d) where there are multiple Reference Entities, whether each Reference 
Entity is weighted equally or whether some Reference Entities have greater weightings than others given 
a Reference Entity's weighting with respect to the relevant Credit Linked Note determines the portion of 
the principal amount of the Credit Linked Note that is attributable to that Reference Entity. Each of the 
above factors are important in making a decision whether to invest in Credit Linked Notes, as they may 
affect the creditworthiness of the Reference Entity(ies) in question and/or the value of and return on such 
Notes. 
Actions of Reference Entities  
Actions of Reference Entities (for example, merger or demerger or the repayment or transfer of 
indebtedness) may adversely affect the value of the Credit Linked Notes. The views of market

--- Page 90 ---
RISK FACTORS 
62 
 
participants and/or legal counsel may differ as to how certain terms should be interpreted in the context 
of such actions, or such terms may operate in a manner contrary to the expectations of investors.   
A Reference Entity (which could equally be the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or one or more of their 
affiliates) will not have any obligation to consider any investor's interest (as a holder of the Credit Linked 
Note) as to any corporate or sovereign actions that might be undertaken and as such, such actions could 
affect the value of the Credit Linked Notes and impact on the terms and conditions of such Credit Linked 
Notes. A Reference Entity may have an incentive to structure a transaction to produce a particular result 
for example, in order to induce holders of its debt obligations to take certain actions. In some cases, a 
Reference Entity may repay its outstanding liabilities or assign them to a different entity in a manner that 
does not give rise to the determination of a Successor to the Reference Entity.  In such cases, with respect 
to that Reference Entity, there may no longer be any deliverable obligations (a circumstance commonly 
referred to as an "orphaning"), which may result in there being no appropriate Deliverable Obligations 
for an Auction to be determined with respect to the relevant Reference Entity or Physical Redemption to 
be effected.   
Historical performance may not predict future performance 
Individual Reference Entities may not perform as indicated by the historical performance of similar 
entities and no assurance can be given with respect to the future performance of any Reference Entities. 
Historical default statistics may not capture events that would constitute Credit Events or Risk Events, 
as applicable, for the purposes of the Credit Linked Notes. 
Concentrated credit risk where Reference Entities are concentrated in the same sectors or regions 
The credit risk to investors in the Credit Linked Notes, which are credit-linked to multiple Reference 
Entities may be increased, amongst other things, as a result of the concentration of Reference Entities in 
a particular industry sector or geographic area, or the exposure of the Reference Entities to similar 
financial or other risks as other Reference Entities. 
Although at the Issue Date or Trade Date, as applicable, investors in Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
and Local Access Credit Linked Notes will have exposure to a single Reference Entity, investors should 
note that the risk set out above will equally apply to such Credit Linked Notes when multiple successors 
are identified in accordance with the Credit Linked Conditions. 
Impact of a Credit Event or Risk Event on principal and interest 
Following a Credit Event which is a Governmental Intervention or certain Restructuring Credit Events, 
an Asset Package Credit Event may occur and the amount of principal payable may be determined based 
on the value of a package of assets which a relevant obligation of a Reference Entity has been converted 
into or exchanged for (which may be worth significantly less than the principal amount of such original 
obligation of such Reference Entity or, where such original obligation has been expropriated for no 
compensation, may be zero). Prospective investors in such Credit Linked Notes should be aware that 
depending on the terms thereof (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of 
principal or interest or delivery of any specified assets may occur at a different time than expected and 
(iii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment. 
The occurrence of a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, in relation to any Reference Entity from 
time to time may result in either full or partial redemption of the Credit Linked Notes on the relevant 
Credit Event Redemption Date which shall depend on whether "Credit Payment on Maturity" or "Credit 
Payment Following Credit Event" applies and any recovery (which could be zero) or any incurred 
recovery amounts (to the extent that such recovery falls within the tranche to which the Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes are exposed to (as applicable)) will be 
payable to the investor but the investor shall be exposed to all incurred losses (to the extent that such 
losses fall within the tranche to which the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes are exposed to (as applicable)), which will reduce its principal redemptions. Where 
"Physical Redemption" applies, the occurrence of a Credit Event may result in the redemption of the 
Credit Linked Notes based on the delivery of certain direct or indirect obligations of the affected 
Reference Entity, which may have a market value which is substantially less than their nominal amount.

--- Page 91 ---
RISK FACTORS 
63 
 
Following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination 
Date, as applicable, investors should note that interest will cease to accrue on a specified portion of the 
relevant Credit Linked Notes as set out in the terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes depending 
on whether "Interest Accrual on Default" or "No Interest Accrual on Default" applies in the relevant 
Issue Terms.  
If "No Interest Accrual on Default" is applicable, interest will cease from the Interest Payment Date 
immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination 
Date, as applicable or where there is no Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event 
Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, the Issue Date. If "Interest 
Accrual on Default" is applicable, interest will cease to accrue on the first Business Day immediately 
following the Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as 
applicable. In such case, interest shall accrue on the affected applicable proportion from (and including) 
the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant 
Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable (or where there is no Interest Payment Date immediately 
preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as 
applicable, the Issue Date) to (and including) the Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk 
Event Determination Date, as applicable. With respect to the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, interest will cease to accrue on the Principal Writedown Amount 
with effect from the Credit Event Writedown Date, being the business day immediately following the 
Relevant Event Determination Date.  
The Issuer may also suspend interest in certain circumstances where (a) an Applicable DC Credit Event 
Question has been submitted in respect of which a DC Resolution (including, but not limited to, a DC 
Credit Event Announcement, a DC No Credit Event Announcement or a DC Credit Event Question 
Dismissal) has not been published or the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has not resolved 
whether it will convene a meeting to Resolve the Applicable DC Credit Event Question or (b) where the 
Calculation Agent has determined that Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, could occur but no 
Credit Event Notice or Risk Event Notice, as applicable, has been provided to the Issuer and/or the 
Securityholders. In such circumstances, investors should note that the Issuer would suspend the 
maximum amount of interest payable assuming the Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, had 
occurred, in the case of an M(M)R Restructuring, as though no partial exercise occurred and where the 
amount to be withheld requires calculation of any recovery amount, assuming that fixed recovery of zero 
per cent. applies. Such suspension of interest shall be effected although no Relevant Event Determination 
Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date has occurred.  
Investors should be aware that although payment of any interest wrongly suspended will be repayable in 
accordance with the terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes and where insufficient interest has 
been suspended, being the Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount, such interest shall be claimed by the 
Issuer from any amount payable or assets Delivered upon the redemption or write down in full of the 
relevant Credit Linked Notes (whether at maturity or upon early redemption). The Issuer however shall 
have no further claims against any investors for any Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount which cannot 
be deducted in full or in part (on account of the relevant redemption amount being insufficient). 
Interest shall continue to be suspended until the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
makes the relevant announcements or the Calculation Agent determines that no Relevant Event 
Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, can occur. In such 
circumstances, investors should note that they may not receive any interest for multiple Interest Periods.  
Interest will otherwise continue to accrue as usual on any remaining portion of the Credit Linked Note 
unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, to and excluding the 
earlier to occur of any full redemption at Scheduled Maturity Date or any relevant early redemption. 
Where "Credit Payment on Maturity applies", additional interest shall accrue on the Credit Linked Notes 
in respect of the Credit Payment on Maturity Amount at the funding interest rate.   
Successors 
Investors should note that, from time to time, the Reference Entity may be subject to change following 
the determination of any Successor or Successors to the Reference Entity, and any such change may 
affect the value of and return on the Credit Linked Notes. "Successor" means, the entity or entities, if 
any, determined to have succeeded to a requisite amount of relevant obligations of the Reference Entity.

--- Page 92 ---
RISK FACTORS 
64 
 
For a Sovereign Reference Entity, an entity may only be a Successor to a Reference Entity that is a 
sovereign following the occurrence of a unification, annexation, unification, secession, partition, 
dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or other similar event.  
The Credit Linked Conditions provide that if a Reference Entity has more than one successor entity, the 
Calculation Agent shall amend the terms of the Credit Linked Notes, without consent of the investors, to 
reflect that the relevant Reference Entity has been succeeded by more than one Successor and for the 
purposes of calculation, the affected notional representing such Reference Entity will be divided equally 
among the Successors. Following such determination, the Credit Linked Notes shall remain outstanding 
in an amount equal to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount and interest will accrue on such 
amount in accordance with the adjustments determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting 
in a commercially reasonable manner to reflect the economic effects of the identification of more than 
one Successor, considered in the aggregate. The Calculation Agent will also be responsible for 
determining, as soon as reasonably practicable after it becomes aware of the relevant succession, the 
sovereign or entity, if any, that qualifies as the Successor. Investors should note that the Credit Linked 
Note may reference substantially different credit risks following the determination of one or more 
Successors. These credit risks could potentially be greater or lesser than the credit risk of the original 
Reference Entity, which could adversely impact the value of the Credit Linked Notes.  Investors should 
also be aware that the determination of a Successor will not necessarily result in the assumption of that 
obligation by the Successor either at all or in the same proportion as the allocation of the notional amount 
of the original Credit Linked Note. 
Volatile prices 
The market price of Credit Linked Notes may be volatile and will be affected by, amongst other things, 
(a) the actual or perceived creditworthiness and credit ratings of each Reference Entity and any 
guarantors or other supporters of its relevant obligations; (b) expected rates of recovery on obligations 
of the Reference Entity; (c) actions of a Reference Entity and its principal creditors; (d) the nature of 
each Reference Entity's outstanding indebtedness, including its maturity and subordination structure and 
any guarantees or other support that the Reference Entity has provided to other entities; (e) the 
contractually specified credit-related events with respect to a Reference Entity that may trigger settlement 
of the Credit Linked Notes; (f) optionality that a party may have, such as the ability to select the 
obligations of a Reference Entity that will be delivered or valued or to decide whether or not to trigger 
settlement; (g) correlation among the credit spreads and/or default probabilities of the components of a 
basket or index, if applicable; (h) market liquidity; (i) the time remaining to the maturity; or (j) economic, 
financial, political and regulatory or judicial events or conditions that affect a Reference Entity or its 
outstanding obligations, or the market for Credit Linked Notes or related financial markets, including 
credit spreads in the market. Such volatility could impact on the market value of the Credit Linked Notes.  
Market liquidity  
Various factors may affect the market liquidity for the Credit Linked Notes. Future regulation of Credit 
Linked Notes could limit market liquidity. In respect of an Index Untranched Credit Linked Note or an 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Note, certain tenors of the relevant Index referenced by the relevant Credit 
Linked Note may be more liquid than others. The market liquidity of an Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Note or Index Tranched Credit Linked Note may also vary significantly between the current series of the 
relevant Index referenced by the relevant Credit Linked Note and prior series. The market liquidity of 
instruments based on a bespoke portfolio of Reference Entities will generally be less than that of 
instruments linked to standardised indices and terms. The market liquidity of a single-name Reference 
Entity may be affected by the Reference Entity's inclusion or exclusion from a standardised index, with 
exclusion from an index generally expected to result in diminished market liquidity.   
In addition, Credit Linked Notes with terms that differ from trading conventions may have substantially 
less market liquidity and price transparency. Consequently, market liquidity could vary during the term 
of a Credit Linked Note and will affect the value of such Credit Linked Note. There is no assurance that 
the Issuer, Dealer, Calculation Agent or one or more of their affiliates will be able to provide prices with 
respect to the Credit Linked Notes or that a secondary market can develop with respect to the Credit 
Linked Notes.

--- Page 93 ---
RISK FACTORS 
65 
 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees may make announcements, determinations and 
resolutions which may have a negative effect on the value of and return on Credit Linked Notes 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees make determinations that are relevant to the majority 
of the credit derivatives market and to promote transparency and consistency. In making any 
determination with respect to a Credit Event, Risk Event or a succession date, the Calculation Agent may 
have regard to announcements, determinations and resolutions made by the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees. In certain circumstances (including, without limitation, the determination 
of the occurrence of an "Event Determination Date"), the Credit Linked Notes will be subject to the 
announcements, determinations and resolutions of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees. 
Such announcements, determinations and resolutions could affect the quantum and timing of payments 
of interest and principal on the Credit Linked Notes, and may have a negative effect on the value of and 
return on the Credit Linked Notes.  
Investors have no role in respect of the composition of the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees or questions referred thereto 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees Rules ("DC Rules") (which may be amended by a 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees) provide that eligible market participants may raise 
questions to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees which have the power to make binding 
decisions on critical issues such as, without limitation, whether a Credit Event has occurred, whether 
there is a Successor to a Reference Entity, which obligations of a Reference Entity are deliverable, 
whether or not an auction will be held and on matters of contractual interpretation relevant to the credit 
derivatives market generally. The Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent or one or more of their 
affiliates has no duty to any investor to refer specific questions to the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees.  
In addition, Securityholders will have no role in the composition of the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees. A separate criterion will apply to the selection of dealer and non-dealer 
institutions to serve on the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees ("DC Member"), and 
investors will have no role in establishing such criteria. In addition, the composition of the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees will change from time to time as the term of a member 
institution may expire or a member institution may be required to be replaced. Investors will have no 
control over the process for selecting institutions to participate on the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees given the process is governed by the DC Rules. To the extent provided for in the Credit 
Linked Notes, the determinations of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will be final and 
binding with respect to specific matters set out in the terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes, 
where relevant.  
Investors will not be notified of deliberations and resolutions of the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees 
Notices of issues submitted to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees, meetings convened to 
deliberate such questions and the results of binding votes of the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees 
will 
be 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
DC 
Secretary 
at 
https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor website). Neither the Issuer, Dealer,  
Calculation Agent or one or more of their affiliates shall be obliged to inform investors of such updates 
as published from time to time. Investors should carefully monitor the matters under consideration by 
the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees and their determinations as such determinations may 
affect an investor's rights under the Credit Linked Notes. 
Notwithstanding that an investor may be unaware of information relating to determinations of a Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee as published on the DC Secretary's website, this will not impact 
any redemptions, reductions in interest write-downs or determinations made by the Calculation Agent 
and/or Issuer.  
Investors will have no recourse against any of the institutions serving on the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees or the external reviewers. 
DC Members do not owe any duty to investors, and investors will be prevented from pursuing legal 
claims with respect to actions taken by such DC Member in its capacity as such under the DC Rules.

--- Page 94 ---
RISK FACTORS 
66 
 
This equally applies to the Issuer, Dealer, Calculation Agent and/or one or more of their affiliates if any 
of them is a DC Member. DC Members have no duty to investigate, supplement or verify the accuracy 
of information on which a determination is based. In addition, the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees are not obligated to follow previous determinations or to apply principles of interpretation 
such as those that might guide a court in interpreting contractual provisions. Therefore, investors should 
be aware that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee could reach a conflicting determination 
for a similar set of facts, which may affect the Credit Linked Notes in a way that was not originally 
expected by investors. 
Requirement for publicly available information 
The Credit Linked Notes may specify that only publicly available information regarding a relevant event 
may be used to trigger or modify the transaction. The Credit Linked Conditions contain standards as to 
what constitutes publicly available information. If a Credit Event, Risk Event or a succession occurs, 
amongst other events, but the requisite public information about the event is not available within the 
applicable time periods, then the event will not take effect under the Credit Linked Notes.  
Investors should note that in certain circumstances it may be difficult to verify the occurrences of certain 
Credit Events or Risk Events, as applicable, as a party in possession of such information which may 
evidence such Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, may be contractually prohibited from disclosing 
information to another party by virtue of any credit agreement or other agreement with the Reference 
Entity, any underlying obligor, any affiliate of the Reference Entity or of the underlying Obligor or such 
party may be bound by or subject to a confidentiality obligation or agreement whereby the required 
information for verification may not be capable of disclosure without breaching such confidentiality 
undertakings. Accordingly, there may be circumstances when a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, 
may not be capable of trigger under the Credit Linked Notes due to lack of publicly available information. 
In addition, there can be no assurance that all events occurring prior to the Trade Date and Issue Date, 
including events that would affect the accuracy or completeness of the public filings of the Reference 
Entity or the value of the underliers will have been publicly disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of any such 
events or the disclosure of or failure to disclose material future events concerning an issuer could 
adversely affect the value of the Credit Linked Notes, its usefulness for any investor's intended purpose, 
and the timing or amount of payments or deliveries. 
Risks associated with Auction Redemption following a Credit Event 
If "Auction Redemption" is applicable with respect to the Credit Linked Notes, then the amounts payable 
under the Credit Linked Notes will be determined on the basis of the final price determined pursuant to 
the auction procedure set out in the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms (available at 
https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor website)). In respect of specified 
obligations of the relevant Reference Entity, provided that the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee determines that an applicable auction will be held, an auction final price determination date 
will occur. Credit losses determined pursuant to a market auction process may be greater or less than the 
losses which would have been determined in the absence of the auction. In particular, the auction process 
may be affected by technical factors or operational errors, which would not otherwise apply or may be 
the subject of actual or attempted manipulation. The administrator(s) specified in the auction settlement 
terms conduct auctions. Investors are subject to the risk that where a final price is determined in 
accordance with an auction, this may result in a lower recovery value than an obligation of the Reference 
Entity would have had if such final price had been determined pursuant to alternative methods.  
In addition, the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee may amend the form of auction settlement 
terms for a particular auction. The DC Rules provide for certain amendments by resolution of a convened 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. Other amendments may be made subject to a public 
comment period; however, the DC Rules permit the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to 
forego a public comment period by supermajority action. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms for a particular auction will be on similar terms to the form 
of auction settlement terms or the terms of previous auctions. 
Where the only relevant Credit Event is a restructuring, several concurrent but separate auctions may 
occur with respect to the Reference Entity and such Credit Event. The auction settlement amount may

--- Page 95 ---
RISK FACTORS 
67 
 
be based on the price of one or more obligations of the Reference Entity having a final maturity date 
different from the restructured obligation. 
Although auctions can generally be expected to be held for Reference Entities that are widely traded in 
the credit markets, there can be no assurance that an auction will be held for future Credit Events or that, 
if held, the auction will result in the determination of an auction final price. If an auction is not held or 
fails to result in the determination of an auction final price (as might occur if an auction is cancelled by 
the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee due, for example, to an inability to obtain the requisite 
number of initial bids) and if "Auction Redemption" is applicable with respect to the Credit Linked Notes, 
then the "Fallback Redemption Method" shall apply which, depending on the nature of the Credit Linked 
Notes being redeemed, may be cash redemption, or physical redemption. In such circumstances of cash 
redemption, the final price will be determined pursuant to the valuation method specified in the Credit 
Linked Notes. 
Investors should carefully assess and understand the elections specified in relation to the relevant Credit 
Linked Notes and the circumstances and/or events as described above, which may affect the value of and 
return on such Credit Linked Notes.  
Risks relating to Physical Redemption following a Credit Event or Risk Event 
Where Physical Redemption applies to Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer must select obligations of the 
Reference Entity that satisfy specified deliverability criteria and deliver those obligations to the investor 
in an amount determined in accordance with the terms of the Credit Linked Notes. Investors should be 
aware that physical redemption may not be possible to accomplish under some circumstances, including 
where the Issuer is unable to procure the specified or selected deliverable obligation(s) due to market 
dislocations or prior redemptions or refinancings by the Reference Entity, failure to receive necessary 
transfer consents (such as from a borrower or agent) or delays in receiving such consents, or court orders 
prohibiting transfers of an obligation. In such event, the terms of the Credit Linked Notes may provide 
the Issuer with alternative methods of settlement or permit partial cash settlement subject to certain 
conditions or specify other fallback consequences which may include redemption by way of payment of 
a cash amount.  
Investors should understand the terms of the obligation and applicable securities laws as these may 
restrict their ability to take delivery of Deliverable Obligations. Investors should also note that delivery 
expenses will be taken into account in determining the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable 
Amount of the relevant Deliverable Obligations to be delivered. 
Outstanding Principal Balance 
The calculation of the outstanding principal balance of a deliverable obligation is determined by (i) first, 
ascertaining all principal payment obligations of a Reference Entity (ii) then deducting any delivery 
expenses and any interest suspension shortfall amounts and determining all or any portion of such 
principal payment obligations that are subject to a contingency (other than a Permitted Contingency (as 
defined below)) or prohibited action which need to be disregarded, leaving an amount equal to the non-
contingent amount and (iii) finally, determining the quantum of the claim that could be validly asserted 
against a Reference Entity in respect of such non-contingent amount if the obligation was redeemed or 
accelerated which would be the outstanding principal balance. If payments of principal are subject to a 
contingency, the outstanding principal balance could be less than the principal balance (and depending 
upon the type of contingency, could be zero). 
"Permitted Contingency" means, with respect to an obligation, any reduction to the Reference Entity's 
payment obligations: (a) as a result of the application of: (i) any provisions allowing a transfer, pursuant 
to which another party may assume all of the payment obligations of the Reference Entity; (ii) provisions 
implementing the subordination of the obligation; (iii) provisions allowing for a transfer of a qualifying 
guarantee (or provisions allowing for the release of the Reference Entity from its payment obligations in 
the case of any other guarantees); (iv) any solvency capital provisions if "Subordinated European 
Insurance Terms" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms; or (v) if "Financial Reference Entity 
Terms" is specified as applicable to the Reference Entity in the Issue Terms, provisions (a) which permit 
the Financial Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, released or suspended in 
circumstances which would constitute a governmental intervention; or (b) which is within the control of 
the holders of the obligation or a third party acting on their behalf (such as an agent or trustee).

--- Page 96 ---
RISK FACTORS 
68 
 
Outstanding Principal Balance – Fallback Discounting 
The definition of "Outstanding Principal Balance" provides for the quantum of the claim to be determined 
in accordance with any applicable laws that reduce or discount the size of the claim to reflect the original 
issue price or accrued value of the obligation. Where "Fallback Discounting" applies and if certain other 
conditions are met, being  (i) the Outstanding  Principal  Balance  of  an  obligation  is  not  reduced  or 
discounted in accordance with applicable law, and (ii) the relevant obligation is either a Bond that has an 
issue price less than 95 per cent. of the principal redemption amount or a Loan where the amount 
advanced is less than 95 per cent. of the principal repayment amount where, in each case, no provisions 
relating to the accretion over time of the amount which would be payable on an early redemption or 
repayment of such Bond or Loan that are customary for the applicable type of Bond or Loan as the case 
may be exists, prospective investors should note that Delivery by the Issuer of impacted Deliverable 
Obligations or LA Settlement Assets, as applicable, would need to account for the Outstanding Principal 
Balance which would be further reduced in such case which could result in an anticipated par claim being 
treated as less than par. In such circumstances, the Credit Linked Conditions provide that the Outstanding 
Principal Balance would instead be the lesser of (I) the Non-Contingent Amount; and (II) an amount 
determined by straight line interpolation between the issue price of the Bond or the amount advanced 
under the Loan and  the  principal  redemption  amount  or  principal  repayment  amount,  as  applicable.   
Partial cash redemption and Fallback Cash Redemption  
If all or any part of the Physical Redemption Assets that would be required to be Delivered to a 
Securityholder is not a whole integral multiple of the smallest unit of transfer for any such Physical 
Redemption Assets at the relevant time of Delivery, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Issuer 
will only Deliver the portion of the Physical Redemption Assets specified by the Issuer which is as large 
a size as possible but less than the full Physical Redemption Assets, after consideration of such smallest 
unit or units of transfer and application of rounding. The value of the undelivered obligations will be 
deemed to be zero and the Issuer's obligations to an investor in respect of such portion shall be fully and 
effectively discharged in such circumstances.  
Delivery of loans 
Where Physical Redemption applies and to the extent investors would be required to receive loans as 
deliverable obligations under a Credit Linked Note, investors should be familiar with the documentation 
and settlement practices of the relevant secondary loan trading markets and applicable laws and 
regulations (including the legal consequences of furnishing or receiving non-public information 
regarding a Reference Entity).  
Provisions of the Reference Entity's credit agreements may affect a party's ability to deliver or receive 
loans, the economic consequences of doing so and whether loans meet deliverability criteria.  
Accordingly, investors should review such agreements carefully, including the provisions governing 
assignments, any collateral allocation mechanisms i.e., a mandatory exchange of obligations for other 
obligations under a credit agreement, not all of which may be deliverable and provisions that may require 
or entitle a lender to advance funds. 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to deliver 
Investors should note that a Payment/Delivery Failure Event will occur where certain relevant definitive 
Credit Linked Notes and/or the Deliverable Obligation Notice are not delivered or there is a failure to 
duly execute, deliver and/or accept a transfer certificate or other transfer document on or before any 
Delivery Date and/or specify a date for transfer of the relevant Deliverable Obligation that is on or before 
any Delivery Date. In such case, investors should note that the obligations of the Issuer to procure 
Delivery of the Physical Redemption Assets and make any payment shall cease until such time such 
event is cured whereupon deferred delivery shall apply or if "Fallback Cash Redemption" is specified to 
apply in the relevant Issue Terms, fallback cash settlement shall apply. Investors will not be entitled to 
any payment, whether of interest or otherwise, in the event of such deferred delivery or payment. 
Risks associated with Cash Redemption following a Credit Event 
If "Cash Redemption" applies to the Credit Linked Notes, then following the occurrence of a Credit 
Event or Risk Event, as applicable, the Calculation Agent will be required to seek quotations in respect

--- Page 97 ---
RISK FACTORS 
69 
 
of selected obligations of the Reference Entity in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Credit 
Linked Notes. Investors should be aware that such obligations may no longer exist and no qualifying 
substitute obligations may have been identified, such quotations may not be available, or the level of 
such quotations may be substantially reduced as a result of illiquidity in the relevant markets or as a result 
of factors other than the credit risk of the Reference Entity (for example, liquidity constraints affecting 
market dealers). Moreover, the market value of a Reference Entity's obligations may be highly volatile 
in the period following a Credit Event or Risk Event. Accordingly, any quotations so obtained may be 
significantly lower than the value of the relevant obligation which would be determined by reference to 
(for example) the present value of related cash flows or the value that a party could obtain if it controlled 
the disposition of the obligations. Furthermore, the price of the selected obligations of the Reference 
Entity may be deemed to be zero in the event that no such quotations are available. Further, valuation of 
the selected obligations will be determined at a particular determination date and as such the recovery 
price which would be adopted in any loss amount or incurred loss amount that would be suffered by an 
investor following the occurrence of a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, will reflect the value of 
relevant obligations at a given date. As such, the exposure to loss suffered by an investor or any principal 
write-down may be more than that ultimately realised by a holder of debt obligations of the Reference 
Entity, whether by means of enforcement of rights following a default or receipt of distributions 
following an insolvency or otherwise. 
Further, where quotations are sought on an asset package, such asset package may contain assets which 
are hard to value and for which a valuation methodology may not be readily available or suitable, which 
may reduce the value of quotations or the availability of quotations that may otherwise have been 
obtained. Accordingly, investors should note that any quotations so obtained may be significantly lower 
than the value of the relevant obligation (or asset package) which would be determined by reference to 
(for example) the present value of related cash flows or the value that a party could obtain if it controlled 
the disposition of the obligations.  
Fixed Recovery Redemption may be subject to a fixed recovery price 
Where the Credit Event Redemption Amount of the Credit Linked Notes is calculated by reference to a 
fixed recovery price of the obligations of a Reference Entity(ies), the occurrence of a Credit Event or a 
Risk Event, as applicable, may result in the recovery being materially lower than the prevailing price of 
the relevant obligations of the relevant Reference Entity. Investors should note that Fixed Recovery 
Redemption could occur with a Fixed Recovery Percentage set at zero per cent. where the Issue Terms 
specify accordingly.  
If the Fixed Recovery Percentage is zero, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination 
Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, the occurrence of the Cash Redemption 
Date or the Final Cash Redemption Date, the LA Cash Redemption Date or Final LA Cash Redemption 
Date, as applicable, shall fully and effectively discharge the Issuer's obligation to redeem the relevant 
Credit Linked Notes. Investors should be aware that where the Fixed Recovery Percentage is zero, the 
loss amount in respect of the Affected Reference Entity will be 100 per cent. and, accordingly, no 
redemption amounts will be payable or assets deliverable to the Securityholders. Investors accordingly 
will bear the loss of their principal. 
"Cheapest-to-Deliver" risk 
Since the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent has discretion to choose the portfolio of obligations to be 
delivered or valued following a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, in respect of a Reference 
Entity, it is likely that the portfolio of obligations selected will be obligations of the Reference Entity 
with the lowest anticipated market value that are permitted to be selected pursuant to the terms of the 
Credit Linked Notes. This could result in a lower recovery value and hence greater losses for an investor. 
Obligations of differing maturities, currencies or payment priority (either contractual or under applicable 
insolvency law), among other characteristics, may diverge considerably in market value. Similar 
considerations apply where Auction Redemption applies given that the representative transaction that is 
priced in an auction generally allows a choice of deliverable obligations from a final list established by 
the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee whereby participating bidders provide two way prices.

--- Page 98 ---
RISK FACTORS 
70 
 
Payments of the Credit Linked Notes may be deferred or suspended 
Investors should note that in certain circumstances, for example where (i) a Credit Event has occurred 
and the related credit loss, incurred loss amount or incurred recovery amount (in the case of Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes) has not been determined as 
at the relevant Scheduled Maturity Date or the Credit Event Redemption Date may occur after the 
Scheduled Maturity Date, (ii) where a potential Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, is determined 
to occur as at the scheduled maturity of the Credit Linked Notes (including Potential Failure to Pay if 
"Grace Period Extension" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Issue Terms or Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium if "Repudiation/Moratorium" is specified as being applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms), (iii) where a DC Credit Event Question has been submitted but the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has not declared a DC Credit Event Announcement, announced 
a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal, declared a DC No Credit Event Announcement or resolved 
whether or not to convene to resolve any issue, or (iv) a Credit Event Notice or Risk Event Notice, as 
applicable, may be delivered after the Scheduled Maturity Date within an effective delivery period which 
may result in a Relevant Event Determination Date or a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as 
applicable, occurring, payment of the redemption amount of the Credit Linked Notes and/or interest on 
the Credit Linked Notes may be deferred for a material period in whole or part without compensation to 
an investor. In such circumstances, the Issuer is not obliged to take any action with respect to redemption 
in relation to the relevant Credit Linked Notes and no additional interest shall be payable to an investor 
in connection with such tolling or suspension of payments, including any final redemption amount. Once 
the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement or DC Credit Event Question Dismissal has occurred, the 
relevant timing requirements that pertain to settlement that have previously tolled or been suspended 
shall resume on the Business Day following such public announcement by the DC Secretary with the 
Issuer having the benefit of the full day notwithstanding when the tolling or suspension began. 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to pay 
Investors should note that where it is impossible, impracticable or illegal for the Issuer to pay (due to an 
event beyond the control of the Issuer including, without limitation, a failure by the investor to provide 
account details of its designee) or for a Securityholder to accept payment of (due to an event beyond the 
control of such Securityholder), the obligation of the Issuer to pay any amount scheduled to be paid will 
be postponed until such time that the event no longer exists or is cured but where the event continues to 
exist on the Payment Failure Cut-Off Date, no such payment will be made by the Issuer and the Issuer's 
obligations to the investor will be deemed to be fully discharged as of that date. Any postponement or 
deemed discharge of payment pursuant will not constitute an Event of Default hereunder (as defined in 
General Condition 11 (Events of Default)) and will not entitle the relevant Investors to any additional 
interest or other payment as a result thereof. 
Determination of Event Determination Dates and Credit Event Redemption Dates post Scheduled 
Maturity Date 
Investors should note that an Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, 
which would give rise to a redemption could occur as a result of notices being provided during the 
prescribed notice delivery period or post dismissal additional period which may occur after the Scheduled 
Maturity Date or, in some cases 14 calendar days after a DC Credit Event Announcement Date as a result 
of requests submitted after the Scheduled Maturity Date by market participants to the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee for the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to be 
convened to deliberate an issue. The Scheduled Maturity Date of the Credit Linked Note may also be 
extended where the last relevant Credit Event Redemption Date, Final Physical Redemption Cut Off 
Date with respect to physical redemption, the last Payment Failure Cut-Off Date or the RMB Currency 
Settlement Cut-Off Date occurs after the Scheduled Maturity Date (including any final Partial Cash 
Redemption Date or final Fallback Partial Cash Redemption Date, as applicable). In each of these 
circumstances, the scheduled maturity date of the Credit Linked Notes will be extended and investors 
should note that the final redemption amounts, if any would be payable on a date later than the Scheduled 
Maturity Date and no additional interest shall be payable to an investor in connection with such tolling 
or suspension of payments, including any final redemption amount.

--- Page 99 ---
RISK FACTORS 
71 
 
Adjustments and amendments 
Investors should note that the Credit Linked Notes may be subject to amendments without consent of the 
investors, where an Event Determination Date is deemed either to have occurred on a date that is different 
from the date that was originally determined to be the Event Determination Date or not to have occurred. 
Certain DC resolutions may reverse prior DC resolutions or the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date that has resulted in the identification of Successors, Substitute Reference Obligations 
or the occurrence of an Auction Final Price Determination Date, Physical Redemption Date, Valuation 
Date or Delivery Date, as applicable and depending on the circumstances, may have the effect of 
reversing the economic impact for the Credit Linked Notes. Investors should be aware that in these 
circumstances, the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion will determine the adjustment 
payment, if any, that is payable to investors, the date the adjustment payment is payable and no accruals 
of interest, if any, shall be taken into account when calculating any such adjustment payment and when 
making such adjustments, no further consent of the Securityholder shall be required.  
Further, investors should note that the Calculation Agent may from time to time, without obtaining the 
consent of the Securityholders, amend provisions of the Credit Linked Conditions in any manner which 
the Calculation Agent determines (acting in a commercially reasonable manner) is necessary or desirable  
(i) to incorporate and/or reflect (x) further or alternative documents or protocols from time to time 
published by ISDA with respect to the documentation or redemption of Credit Linked Notes and/or (y) 
the operation or application of determinations by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
and/or (ii) to account for market practice to be reflected in the terms of the Credit Linked Notes. Any 
such amendment may affect the value of and return on the Credit Linked Notes. 
Potential conflicts of interest 
The Calculation Agent and one or more of its affiliates is a leading dealer in the credit derivatives market. 
If "Auction Redemption" is applicable under the Credit Linked Notes and an auction is held in respect 
of a Reference Entity for which a Credit Event has occurred, there is a high probability that the 
Calculation Agent or one of its affiliates would act as a participating bidder in any such auction. In such 
capacity, it may take certain actions which may influence the final price determined pursuant to the 
auction, including, without limitation, (i) submitting bids, offers and physical settlement requests (on our 
own behalf or on behalf of customers) with respect to the representative auction settled transaction and 
(ii) providing rates of conversion to determine the applicable currency conversion rates to be used to 
convert any obligations that are not denominated in the auction currency into such currency for purposes 
of the auction.  In deciding whether to take any such action, or whether to act as a participating bidder in 
any auction, the Calculation Agent or one or more of its affiliates (as applicable) shall be under no 
obligation to consider the interests of any investors and the effects of their participation may have a 
material adverse effect on the value of a Credit Linked Note. 
The Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent or one or more of their respective affiliates may also be a 
voting member on one or more of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees responsible for 
determining the occurrence of Credit Events or Risk Events, as applicable, for the purposes of certain 
credit derivatives transactions and may take certain actions that may influence the process and outcome 
of decisions of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees. Such entities may also have an 
inherent conflict of interest in the outcome of any such determinations. The actions taken by such entities 
may also be adverse to the interests of an investor and may result in an economic benefit accruing to the 
Issuer, the Dealer, Calculation Agent or one or more of their respective affiliates. In performing any duty 
under the DC Rules that govern the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees, the Issuer, the 
Dealer, the Calculation Agent or one or more of their respective affiliates shall have no obligation 
however to consider the interests of an investor and may ignore any conflict of interests arising in respect 
of the Credit Linked Notes. 
The Issuer, the Dealer and/or the Calculation Agent and/or their respective affiliates may also have an 
interest in data sources that publish credit indices and may participate, together with other dealers, in the 
process or advisory committees by which the index sponsor determines the composition of the index 
CDS (as defined below) and makes certain other determinations with respect to the index, including the 
removal of Reference Entities or reference obligations from the index CDS or to determine changes in 
the composition of indices. The Issuer, the Dealer and/or the Calculation Agent and/or their respective 
affiliates may also participate and vote in committees affecting the credit default swap industry generally. 
By virtue of such participation in each of the circumstances described above, the Issuer, the Dealer, the

--- Page 100 ---
RISK FACTORS 
72 
 
Calculation Agent or one or more of their respective affiliates has no obligation to consider the interests 
of any investor in their actions and decisions and investors should note that the activities of the Issuer, 
the Dealer and/or the Calculation Agent and/or their respective affiliates as described herein may present 
a conflict between the Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent and/or their respective affiliates' 
obligations and the interests of an investor under the Credit Linked Notes.  
The Issuer, the Dealer or the Calculation Agent may have dealings and information in relation to 
Reference Entities 
The Issuer, the Dealer and/or the Calculation Agent and/or their respective affiliates may, now or in the 
future, deal in obligations of the Reference Entities, make equity investments in a Reference Entity,  
engage in business with a Reference Entity, its affiliates and its competitors or any other person or entity 
having obligations relating to a Reference Entity, including making loans to, or otherwise extend credit 
to, and generally engage in any kind of commercial or investment banking or other business, including 
asset management or other advisory services, including merger and acquisition or bankruptcy-related 
advisory services. The Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent and/or their respective affiliates may 
also participate in loan restructurings or recapitalisations that may affect the Credit Linked Note and any 
reference obligations.  In such circumstances, the Issuer, the Dealer and/or the Calculation Agent and/or 
their respective affiliates may act with respect to such dealings, business and advisory freely and without 
accountability to any investor in the same manner as if the Credit Linked Notes did not exist, and any 
such action might have an adverse effect on any investor (including, without limitation, any action that 
might give rise to a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable). 
The Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent and/or their respective affiliates may be, whether by virtue of 
the types of relationships described above or otherwise, at any time, in possession of information in 
relation to any Reference Entity (or any obligations thereof) which is or may be material in the context 
of the Credit Linked Notes and which is or may not be known to the general public or Securityholders. 
The Credit Linked Notes do not create any obligation to disclose to Securityholders any such relationship 
or information (whether or not confidential), notwithstanding that any such relationship or information 
may have a negative effect on the value of and return on the Credit Linked Notes. 
The Credit Linked Notes do not represent an interest in obligations of Reference Entities 
The Credit Linked Notes do not represent or convey any interest in any obligations of Reference Entities 
or any direct or indirect obligation of any Reference Entity to an investor. The Issuer is not an agent of 
any investor for any purpose and an investor will not have rights equivalent to those of a holder of debt 
obligations of a Reference Entity, such as voting rights or rights to receive consent fees or other 
distributions from a Reference Entity. For example, if a restructuring occurs with respect to a Reference 
Entity, the investor, unlike a holder of a Reference Entity's obligations, will have no right to challenge 
or participate in any element of the restructuring. If the Issuer is the owner of one or more obligations of 
a Reference Entity, it may exercise its voting or control rights or otherwise act in its capacity as holder 
of such obligations without regard to the interests of an investor, and such actions could adversely affect 
the Credit Linked Notes held by an investor. Consequently, the investor's purchase of the Credit Linked 
Notes may be riskier than a direct investment in the obligations of a Reference Entity. The purchase of a 
Credit Linked Note differs from an offering of new obligations by a Reference Entity in that none of the 
subscription moneys paid with respect to the Credit Linked Note will go to a Reference Entity. The Issuer 
in addition does not grant any security interest over any such obligations of the Reference Entity.  
Operational risks and notices 
The Credit Linked Notes may require that certain notices be given in order to exercise rights, realize 
value or protect and preserve interests under the Credit Linked Notes, including but not limited to notices 
to investors by the Issuer of the occurrence of a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, or that 
describes a succession together with supporting information, the choice of obligations to be delivered or 
valued, certain potential Credit Events or Risk Events, as applicable and the exercise of the right to utilize 
parallel auctions in the case of certain restructuring Credit Events and in the case of Physical Redemption, 
the provision of a Deliverable Obligation Notice by an investor.  
Investors should have arrangements for delivering and receiving such notices and monitoring the actions 
of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees, and be prepared to take the necessary or 
appropriate steps when it receives such notices or learn of such actions where an investor needs to take

--- Page 101 ---
RISK FACTORS 
73 
 
action pursuant to such notice. Failure to take the relevant steps or actions within the requisite time 
periods could adversely affect an investor's interests under a Credit Linked Note.  
Investors should note that in some cases, determinations of a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee may substitute for a required notice, modify the effect of a previously delivered notice or 
alter the period during which a notice may be delivered which may impact on timings of notices provided 
by the Issuer. Where the relevant notice is to be provided by the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or the 
Fiscal Agent, investors should note that a failure by any of such parties to deliver the relevant notices or 
any decision by any of them not to deliver a Credit Event Notice or Risk Event Notice to the investor 
shall not constitute an Event of Default under the relevant Credit Linked Notes. Investors should further 
note that where any notice is required to be delivered by the Issuer to investors, such notices shall be 
deemed to have been delivered to investors upon delivery of such notice to the Fiscal Agent by the Issuer. 
The failure of the Fiscal Agent to deliver any such notice to Securityholders shall not affect however (i) 
the effectiveness of any notice delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer and/or the Issuer to the 
Fiscal Agent  (ii) the effectiveness of any determinations made by any of them or (iii) the right of the 
Issuer to redeem (whether in whole or in part) the Credit Linked Notes or to write down any aggregate 
principal notional of the Credit Linked Notes pursuant to and in accordance with the relevant Credit 
Linked Conditions.  
Interpretation of terms  
The terms of the Credit Linked Notes are subject to interpretation and further evolution. In some 
instances, the views of market participants may differ as to how the terms of specific credit provisions 
should be interpreted in the context of specific events, entities and obligations in comparison to that of a 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee or Calculation Agent where applicable. Accordingly, the 
consequences resulting from the interpretation of various terms could vary in the context of the Credit 
Linked Notes and result in unexpected losses, redemption, write-down, reduction in interest and other 
economic impact for an investor.  
Foreign exchange risks 
Investors should note that in certain circumstances, a currency conversion may be required to effect 
certain determinations, calculations in relation to any payment or delivery obligation with respect to the 
Credit Linked Notes. Delivery of an underlying obligation denominated in a currency that is different 
from the settlement currency of the Credit Linked Notes will have effects similar to a currency 
conversion. Investors should note that with respect to any auction in connection with Auction 
Redemption, the relevant exchange rates to be applied with respect to the auction, where relevant will be 
set by the auction administrators prior to any auction final price determination date. In such 
circumstances, the Credit Linked Notes will have foreign exchange rate risk, which may have a negative 
effect on the value of and return on the Credit Linked Notes. 
Discretionary powers of the Calculation Agent 
The determination by the Calculation Agent of any amount or of any state of affairs, circumstance, event 
or other matter, or the formation of any opinion or the exercise of any discretion required or permitted to 
be determined, formed or exercised by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be 
final and binding on the Issuer and any Investor. In performing its duties pursuant to the Credit Linked 
Notes and making any determinations expressed to be made by it, the Calculation Agent shall either act 
in its sole and absolute discretion or act in a commercially reasonable manner, depending on the election 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms. Where the Calculation Agent acts in its sole and absolute discretion, 
it is under no obligation to act in the interests of any investor, nor will it be liable to account for any 
profit or other benefit which may accrue to it as a result of such determinations. Any determinations 
made or actions taken by the Calculation Agent may have a negative effect on the value of and return on 
the Securities.  
Risks relating to Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes 
The likelihood of a Credit Event occurring with respect to the nth Reference Entity is affected 
significantly by the default correlation among the Reference Entities. Accordingly, the value of an Nth-
to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note at any time will depend significantly on expectations about default

--- Page 102 ---
RISK FACTORS 
74 
 
correlation at that time, in addition to the valuation factors described above in the risk factor entitled 
"Volatile prices".  
Moreover, because of the difficulty of predicting the likelihood that a given number of Reference Entities 
will default, the value of an Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note is subject to "model risk" – i.e., 
the risk that the model used by a party will fail to accurately predict the likelihood that the applicable 
number of Reference Entities default, causing unpredictable outcomes to potentially result in significant 
losses for an investor. See "Risks relating to Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes" below.  
Securityholders should carefully review the terms of an Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note 
relating to: (i) whether and how substitution of a Reference Entity occurs upon certain events such as the 
determination of a Successor resulting in repetition of a Reference Entity in the basket of Reference 
Entities; (ii) how events that result in two or more Successors are addressed; and (iii) the manner and 
order in which defaulting Reference Entities are counted. These terms, as well as the provisions relating 
to the designation of a Successor, may affect the correlation among the Reference Entities and the number 
and timing of defaults that are deemed to have occurred. 
Risks relating to Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes 
With respect to Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, investors should note that they could be exposed to 
significant losses which may result from changes in the market's perception of the credit quality of the 
underlying Reference Entities. The market's perception of the credit quality of the underlying Reference 
Entities may be highly volatile and may change very rapidly following the availability of new 
information. Investors should refer to the risk factors entitled "Credit risk of the Reference Entity", 
"Jurisdictional differences and assessment of Reference Entity", "Actions of Reference Entities", 
"Historical performance may not predict future performance", and "Concentrated credit risk where 
Reference Entities are concentrated in the same sectors or regions". Investors should carefully review 
the list of Reference Entities that constitute the Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes and evaluate whether 
such exposure meets its stated objectives and is representative of the market to which exposure is 
required. 
Investors should note that an investment in relation to a bespoke portfolio of Reference Entities may have 
significantly less liquidity than there is for an investment in an Index Untranched Credit Linked Note 
which is based on a standardised index CDS and accordingly there may be no or a limited secondary 
market in such Credit Linked Notes.  
Risks relating to Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
Investors could be exposed to significant losses which may result from changes in the market's perception 
of the credit quality of the underlying Reference Entities within the relevant index. The Reference 
Entities included in an index CDS will typically have certain specified characteristics in common, such 
as type of obligor (e.g., corporate, municipal or sovereign); geographic region (e.g., North America, 
Europe, Asia or emerging markets); and/or credit rating category (e.g., investment grade or high yield). 
These characteristics may be relevant to the probability of a Credit Event occurring under the Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, as Credit Events 
may be more likely for Reference Entities with certain of these characteristics than for others. The 
market's perception of the credit quality of the underlying Reference Entities may be highly volatile and 
may change very rapidly following the availability of new information. The market for index CDSs has 
been subject to significant distortions from time to time in the past as a result of the actions of one or a 
small number of market participants that may take large positions in an index CDS. These distortions 
have in the past led, and may in the future lead, to a high degree of volatility, as well as a wide and 
potentially unsustainable divergence between the market price of index CDSs and the price that would 
be expected based on the market price of credit default swaps on the underlying Reference Entities. The 
Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent or one or more of their respective affiliates' trading activities 
may represent a significant portion of the market for particular index CDS and, the Issuer, the Dealer, 
the Calculation Agent or one or more of their respective affiliates may be a contributor to such volatility 
and distortions. Accordingly, investors should note that they could be exposed to the volatility with 
respect to the index CDS which could have an impact on the market value of the Index Untranched Credit 
Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, over time.

--- Page 103 ---
RISK FACTORS 
75 
 
Given that the risks of an index CDS will vary depending on the characteristics of the underlying 
Reference Entities, investors should carefully review the list of Reference Entities that constitute the 
index CDS referenced in the Issue Terms and evaluate whether such exposure meets its stated objectives 
and is representative of the market to which exposure is required. In addition, investors should understand 
that the Reference Entities in an index of investment grade Reference Entities may be investment grade 
rated only at inception of the index or relevant series of the index, and that such Reference Entities may 
be downgraded thereafter.  
Investors should also note that there is no guarantee that there will be a liquid market for any particular 
index CDS. An index sponsor may publish a new series of an underlying index from time to time (for 
example, every six months). Market liquidity is often concentrated in the most recent series and may 
decline for a given index CDS when a new series of the index is published.   
Investors should note that the index sponsor may calculate the published spread or price for an index 
CDS based on a poll of dealers. The Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent or one or more of their 
affiliates may be one of the dealers polled by the index sponsor and, if so, the actions of the Issuer, the 
Dealer, the Calculation Agent or one or more of their respective affiliates in such circumstances could 
affect the published spread or price. In addition, the Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent or one or 
more of their respective affiliates may participate, together with other dealers, in the process or advisory 
committees by which the index sponsor determines the composition of the index CDS and makes certain 
other determinations with respect to the index, including the removal of Reference Entities or reference 
obligations from the index CDS. In taking any such actions, the Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent 
or one or more of their respective affiliates has no obligation to consider the interests of any investor 
under the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, as applicable. 
Investors should therefore be aware that any such action by the Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent 
or one or more of their respective affiliates could affect the index CDS and therefore also adversely affect 
the market value of the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, 
as applicable. See also "Potential conflicts of interest" above.  
Unless stated otherwise in the Issue Terms, a Merger Event will not apply to any Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and therefore such Credit Linked Notes will 
not early redeem where a Reference Entity becomes an affiliate of the protection seller or one such entity 
merges with or makes a substantial asset transfer to the other.   
In addition, investors are exposed to losses arising from Credit Events in relation to Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes only to the extent that aggregate losses 
exceed the "attachment point" but remain less than the "detachment point" of the tranche. The likelihood 
that an investor will be exposed to losses is therefore greater for more subordinated tranches (i.e. those 
with a lower attachment point in relation to portfolio size). 
In addition, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, as 
applicable (other than the most senior tranches) are leveraged instruments because investors may incur 
losses on an accelerated basis relative to aggregate losses on the portfolio. Investors will not owe any 
payment for losses unless and until aggregate losses on the portfolio exceed the attachment point, but 
investors will be exposed to losses equal to the entire notional amount of the Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes (as applicable) if aggregate losses on the 
portfolio reach the detachment point. Therefore, the smaller the tranche size relative to the implied 
notional amount of the entire portfolio, the greater the degree of leverage (except with respect to the most 
senior tranches). For any given portfolio of Reference Entities, the lower the attachment point and the 
greater the leverage, the greater the risk for the investor where acting as though it were a protection seller. 
However, this does not mean that the most senior tranches present low risks for protection sellers.  
The value of such Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, as 
applicable, will be influenced by the valuation factors described above in the risk factor entitled "Volatile 
prices" but in addition, the value of such Credit Linked Note will be influenced by expectations about 
"default correlation," among other model-dependent factors. Default correlation refers to the likelihood 
of any given number of Reference Entities experiencing a Credit Event over any given time period. 
Changes in default correlation affect tranches of different seniority differently. In general, from the 
perspective of an investor acting as though it were a protection seller, holding all other factors constant: 
(a) a decrease in default correlation will decrease the value of the most junior tranche (i.e., the tranche 
with the lowest attachment point), because it will represent an increase in the expected probability of

--- Page 104 ---
RISK FACTORS 
76 
 
losses on that tranche; (b) an increase in default correlation will decrease the value of the most senior 
tranche (i.e., the tranche with the highest attachment point), because it will represent an increase in the 
expected probability of losses on that tranche; and (c) any increase or decrease in default correlation may 
either increase or decrease the value of mezzanine tranches (i.e., tranches between the most junior and 
most senior tranches), depending on a complex interplay of various factors.  
The degree of default correlation among the Reference Entities in a given portfolio may be influenced 
by numerous factors, including whether the Reference Entities operate in similar industries or geographic 
regions and whether the Reference Entities have similar levels of leverage (i.e., debt relative to equity). 
Default correlation tends to increase during economic downturns and decrease during periods of 
economic growth. Accordingly, although the most senior tranches are generally less risky to a protection 
seller than the most junior tranches, the most senior tranches will tend to lose value from the perspective 
of the protection seller at a faster rate than the most junior tranches during an economic downturn. In a 
downturn that widely affects the Reference Entities in a portfolio, a protection seller under a senior 
tranche may incur losses equal to the entire notional amount, in which case the senior tranche will prove 
to have been no less risky than junior tranches. Default correlation may change significantly, and in some 
cases abruptly, with changes in market conditions 
Default correlation is difficult to estimate, and different market participants may calculate it in different 
ways and may change the ways in which they calculate it over time which may be adverse to an investor 
in an Index Tranched Credit Linked Note or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note, as applicable. 
Accordingly, the valuation of such Credit Linked Notes is subject to "model risk" (i.e., the risk that a 
valuation model does not accurately depict the value of a tranche or the relationship between tranche 
values) which may result in significant losses where certain strategies based on modelled relations 
between the values of tranches break down.   
The terms and conditions of the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes, as applicable, may provide for changes in the constituents of the index or portfolio of Reference 
Entities, as applicable, upon the occurrence of certain events, such as the determination of a Successor. 
These changes may affect the level of default correlation among the Reference Entities in the portfolio 
and, therefore, the value of such Credit Linked Notes.  
Investors should note that an investment in relation to Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note which is 
based on a bespoke portfolio of Reference Entity may have significantly less liquidity than there is for 
an investment in an Index Tranched Credit Linked Note which references a standardised index CDS. 
Accordingly, the valuation of the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note which is more bespoke may be 
more complex and introduces greater model risk than the Index Tranched Credit Linked Note.    
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes - adjustments 
Investors should further note that in the case of an Index Untranched Credit Linked Note, if a DC Credit 
Event Announcement occurs in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring with respect to a component 
Reference Entity of the relevant Index, such Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes will be amended 
without the consent of the Securityholders to reflect the creation of a "New Single Name Credit Linked 
Note" having economic terms as closely as possible preserving the economic equivalent of the relevant 
Credit Linked Notes immediately before the DC Credit Event Announcement which may be redeemed 
following exercise in accordance with the terms of the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes. Any such 
amendment may adversely affect investors. 
Risks relating to Local Access Credit Linked Notes  
Local access risks  
Credit Linked Notes may reference the obligations of a Reference Entity incorporated in or from a local 
access jurisdiction. An investment in such Credit Linked Notes involves risks associated with such 
jurisdictions, including potential risks of volatility, governmental intervention and the lack of a 
developed system of law.  
Investors should note that it is a general feature of local access jurisdictions that they may be subject to 
rapid change and the risks involved may also change relatively quickly. With respect to any local access 
nation, there is the possibility of nationalisation, expropriation or confiscation, political changes,

--- Page 105 ---
RISK FACTORS 
77 
 
government regulation, social instability or other developments (including war) which could affect 
adversely the economies of such nations and/or the foreign exchange rates. Political or economic 
instability may affect investor confidence, which could in turn have a negative impact on the value of the 
obligation(s) of the local access Reference Entity or its creditworthiness and on foreign exchange 
markets. 
Conditions in local access countries are associated with higher risks of the occurrence of a Risk Event, 
which may occur together with circumstances that would restrict the deliverability of any Reference 
Asset, or which may result in especially adverse pricing and liquidity conditions in which a market value 
for such Reference Asset is to be determined. 
Local access debt typically comprises debt issued by non-highly rated issuers in respect of whom the 
possibility of default is greater than investment grade issuers. Local access considerations, in addition to 
and in combination with other conditions affecting the creditworthiness of a Reference Entity (including 
those resulting in a local access Reference Entity experiencing financial or economic difficulties), may 
significantly affect (a) the value of, and (b) any amounts paid on, its Obligation(s) and/or any Reference 
Obligation(s) and/or any Deliverable Obligation(s) and/or Reference Asset(s) (if any), each or all of 
which may be reduced to zero. 
Local access debt may be difficult to buy and/or sell, particularly during adverse market conditions, and 
prices may be more volatile. In addition, settlement of trades in emerging or developing countries may 
be slower and more likely to be subject to failure than in more developed markets. This will affect the 
ability of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent (as the case may be) to obtain prices for the Obligation(s) 
of the Reference Entity or any Reference Obligation(s) or any Deliverable Obligation(s) or any Reference 
Asset(s) (if any). 
Risk Events 
Local Access Credit Linked Notes may be redeemed pursuant to the occurrence of any Credit Event or 
an Additional Risk Event (together, the "Risk Events") in respect of one or more Reference Entities and, 
in either case, unless the Local Access Credit Linked Notes are fixed recovery, on the value of certain 
specified assets of any such Reference Entities or where, if any of such events has occurred, on settlement 
the Issuer's obligation is to deliver certain specified assets. Any such settlement will be reduced to take 
into account any Unwind Costs and so will depend upon the level of such Unwind Costs. 
Additional Risk Events are indicative of defaults or risks specific to certain local access jurisdictions and 
will apply to Local Access Credit Linked Notes to the extent that such events apply in the relevant Issue 
Terms. Prospective investors should note that not all possible Additional Risk Events are related directly 
to default or credit risk in respect of a Reference Entity or default in respect of the Reference Investor 
Assets and such Additional Risk Events may include, without limitation, the occurrence of one or more 
of the following: 
(a) 
an Inconvertibility Event - the occurrence after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of any event 
or condition that has the effect of it being impossible, illegal or impracticable for, or of prohibiting, 
restricting or materially delaying the ability of, any Reference Investor (i) to convert currency; or 
(ii) to effect currency transactions on terms as favourable as those available to residents of the 
Reference Jurisdiction; or (iii) to freely and unconditionally transfer or repatriate any funds from 
accounts inside the Reference Jurisdiction to accounts outside the Reference Jurisdiction or 
between accounts inside the Reference Jurisdiction; or (iv) to receive the full value of any cash 
payment made under the Reference Investor Assets due to the introduction after the Additional 
Risk Event Start Date by any Governmental Authority of a new currency regime (including the 
introduction of a dual currency regime) or the imposition of currency exchange limitations; 
(b) 
an Ownership Restriction Event - the occurrence after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of 
any event or existence of any condition that has the effect of it being illegal, impossible or 
impracticable for, or has the effect of prohibiting, restricting or materially delaying the ability of, 
any Reference Investor to purchase, hold, receive, sell, freely transfer or remain the owner of any 
Reference Investor Asset or any amount received in respect thereof; and 
(c) 
a Settlement/Custodial Event - (i) the occurrence after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of the 
bankruptcy of any Custodian or (ii) in respect of the Reference Investor Assets owned by a

--- Page 106 ---
RISK FACTORS 
78 
 
Reference Investor or any amount received in respect thereof, a Custodian (A) fails to perform in 
a timely manner any or all of its obligations owed under any Reference Custodial/Settlement 
Arrangement, or (B) fails to take any action when instructed to do so by a Reference Investor, or 
(C) takes any action which is contrary to the terms of any Reference Custodial/Settlement 
Arrangement; in each case that affects or may affect, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, the hedging arrangements of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates in respect of the Issuer's 
obligations with respect to the Local Access Credit Linked Note(s). 
The loss incurred by an Investor may be unrelated to or disproportionate in comparison with the 
Additional Risk Event itself. Moreover, the Calculation Agent may designate an Additional Risk Event, 
which could cause such losses to be incurred by an Investor, if the Additional Risk Event occurs at any 
time during the term of the Local Access Credit Linked Notes, whether or not the Additional Risk Event 
is ongoing or effective or has been remedied or cured at the time such designation has been made. 
Exposure to Reference Asset 
In respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes for which "Reference Asset Only Settlement" is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, following a Risk Event, the Local Access Credit Linked 
Notes will be redeemed by valuation or delivery (as applicable) of the Reference Asset in respect of a 
Reference Entity (rather than obligations of the relevant Reference Entity generally). It follows therefore 
that returns on such Local Access Credit Linked Notes may be adversely affected by circumstances 
affecting the Reference Asset even where other obligations of the Reference Entity are not affected. The 
creditworthiness or market value of the relevant Reference Asset may be less favourable than other 
obligations of the relevant Reference Entity due to liquidity, marketability, circumstances of origination, 
legal or validity risks, local access risks described below, or one or more other characteristics. Investors 
in the Local Access Credit Linked Notes should understand that their recovery in relation to the relevant 
Reference Asset may be substantially less than for more generally representative obligations of the 
relevant Reference Entity. 
Adjustment following a Regulatory Change Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Regulatory Change Event has occurred or exists then any 
payment or delivery to an investor shall be reduced by an amount equal in value to the allocable 
proportion of the Regulatory Change Cost, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion. 
Investors may therefore receive back less than their initial investment or, in the case of redemption 
following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk Event, losses may be greater than if the investor were to 
hold obligations of the Reference Entity directly. 
Adjustment in respect of an Interest Tax Deduction Amount or Principal Tax Deduction Amount 
If "Tax Deduction Event – Principal" and "Tax Deduction Event – Interest" is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms and if the Calculation Agent determines that there would be an Interest Tax 
Deduction Amount and/or a Principal Tax Deduction Amount in respect of amounts that would be 
received by a Reference Investor in respect of the Reference Investor Assets, then any relevant payment 
of interest or principal (as applicable) or amount of LA Settlement Assets to be delivered to an investor 
shall be reduced by an amount equal in value to the allocable proportion of the Interest Tax Deduction 
Amount or Principal Tax Deduction Amount, as applicable, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Investors may therefore receive less than the anticipated amount(s) due in respect of the Local Access 
Credit Linked Notes. 
Risks specific to Index Skew Notes 
The Index Skew Notes are linked, through a Hypothetical Skew Transaction constituting a combination 
of (i) an index CDS and (ii) individual credit default swaps on the Reference Entities included in the 
index underlying the index CDS (the component CDSs). Where the Issuer is the protection seller under 
the index CDS it is the protection buyer under the component CDSs, and vice versa. The value of the 
combined positions reflects the difference (the skew) between the value of the index CDS and the 
aggregate value of its component CDSs. Although each constituent of the Hypothetical Skew Transaction 
is intended to give rise to an equal and opposite payment obligation on each Fixed Rate Payer Payment 
Date, Auction Settlement Date or Cash Settlement Date (as applicable), no actual payments will be due

--- Page 107 ---
RISK FACTORS 
79 
 
from the Issuer to the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty or vice versa due to the application of payment 
netting.   
The value of an index CDS may differ from the aggregate value of its component CDSs for several 
reasons, including (a) differences in liquidity and other characteristics in the markets for the index CDS 
the component CDSs; (b) differences in relevant terms of the index CDS and its component CDSs; (c) 
factors that affect the activities of arbitrageurs; and (d) changes in the default correlation among the 
Reference Entities included in the index CDS. 
As the notional of the Hypothetical Skew Transactions may be far greater than the principal amount 
issued under the Index Skew Notes, the value of the Index Skew Notes may be very volatile and any 
Index Skew Early Redemption Amount will be linked to, inter alia, the difference between the pricing 
of credit protection on the relevant index and the market levels of the constituent single name Reference 
Entities that comprise the relevant index.  
Liquidity differences may make a greater contribution to skew during periods of heightened volatility, 
as the value of the more liquid instrument(s) may change more quickly than the value of the less liquid 
instrument(s). Furthermore, during periods when transaction costs (such as funding costs and bid-ask 
spreads) to market participants increase, skew may become greater, as the increased transaction costs 
may reduce the activities of arbitrageurs (i.e. market participants that seek to profit from the skew and, 
in the process, tend to reduce it). 
Although the payments under a Hypothetical Skew Transaction is intended to be equal to zero due to the 
application of payment netting as described above, if the Index Skew Notes were to be redeemed early, 
a termination payment would be determined in respect of the each constituent transaction within the 
relevant Hypothetical Skew Transactions and the aggregate of such termination payments may result in 
an amount being payable by the Issuer to the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty or by the Hypothetical 
Swap Counterparty to the Issuer which could result in the Early Redemption Amount or Optional Early 
Redemption Amount (as the case may be) due to Securityholders being reduced further if the Issuer is 
required to make a payment to the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty for such termination payment or if 
the Issuer is subject to further Unwind Costs. 
In addition, prospective investors in the Index Skew Notes should be aware that no notifications shall be 
given by the Issuer or any other party to Securityholders following the occurrence of a Credit Event. To 
the extent that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee determines that a Credit Event 
has occurred in respect of a particular entity, information will be published on the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees website at https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor 
website).

--- Page 108 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
80 
 
SECTION C – INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
General 
Before investing in Securities you should determine whether an investment in Securities is appropriate 
in your particular circumstances and should consult with your legal, business and tax advisers to 
determine the consequences of an investment in Securities and to arrive at your own evaluation of the 
investment. In particular, the Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor recommend that you take 
independent tax advice before committing to purchase any Securities. None of the Issuer and (if 
applicable) the Guarantor provides tax advice and therefore responsibility for any tax implications of 
investing in any Securities rests entirely with you. You should note that the tax treatment will differ from 
jurisdiction to jurisdiction. You will assume and be solely responsible for any and all taxes of any 
jurisdiction or governmental or regulatory authority, including (without limitation) any state or local 
taxes or other similar assessment or charge that may be applicable to any payment in respect of the 
Securities. 
An investment in Securities is only suitable for you if you: 
(a) 
have the requisite knowledge and experience in financial and business matters to evaluate the 
merits and risks of an investment in Securities; 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate such merits and risks 
in the context of your financial situation; 
(c) 
are capable of bearing the economic risk of an investment in Securities for an indefinite period 
of time; and 
(d) 
recognise that it may not be possible to dispose of Securities for a substantial period of time, if 
at all. 
You should make your own independent decision to invest in Securities and as to whether the investment 
in Securities is appropriate or proper for you based upon your own judgement and upon advice from such 
advisers as you may deem necessary. You should not rely on any communication (written or oral) of the 
Issuer, and (if applicable) the Guarantor, any Dealer or any of their affiliates or their respective officers 
or agents as investment advice or as a recommendation to invest in Securities, it being understood that 
information and explanations related to Securities shall not be considered to be investment advice or a 
recommendation to invest in Securities. No communication (written or oral) received from the Issuer and 
(if applicable) the Guarantor, any Dealer or any of their affiliates or their respective officers or agents 
shall be deemed to be an assurance or guarantee as to the expected results of an investment in Securities. 
Hedging arrangements in respect of the Securities 
Any Issuer, and/or the CGMHI Guarantor and/or the CGMFL Guarantor and/or any of their affiliates 
may enter into arrangements to hedge the Issuer's and/or, the CGMHI Guarantor's and/or the CGMFL 
Guarantor's obligations under the Securities and/or the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and/or the CGMFL 
Deed of Guarantee but are not required to do so. If they do so, any Issuer and/or the CGMHI Guarantor 
and/or the CGMFL Guarantor and/or any such affiliate will have certain rights under such hedging 
arrangements and may pursue actions and take steps that they deem appropriate to protect their own 
interests under such hedging arrangements without regard to the consequences for Securityholders. You 
will not have recourse to the applicable counterparty under any such hedging arrangements and any such 
hedging arrangements will not confer any rights or entitlements on any Securityholders and will 
constitute separate obligations of the Issuer and/or the CGMHI Guarantor and/or the CGMFL Guarantor 
and/or any such affiliate. 
If you intend to purchase Securities to hedge against the market risk associated with investing in the 
particular Underlying(s), you should recognise the complexities of utilising Securities in this manner. 
For example, the value of the relevant Securities may not exactly correlate with the value of the relevant 
Underlying(s). Due to fluctuating supply and demand for Securities, there is no assurance that their value 
will correlate with movements of the Underlying(s). For these reasons, among others, it may not be 
possible to purchase or liquidate securities in a portfolio at the prices used to calculate the value of any 
relevant Underlying, and you may suffer a loss accordingly.

--- Page 109 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
81 
 
Leveraging 
Borrowing to fund the purchase of the Securities (leveraging) can have a significant negative impact on 
the value of and return on the investment. If you consider leveraging the Securities, you should obtain 
further detailed information as to the applicable risks from the leverage provider. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks of an investment in Securities 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to securities issued under the 
Programme, including any Securities. The credit rating agencies may have different rating 
methodologies, criteria, models and requirements from one another. The ratings may not reflect the 
potential impact of all risks related to structure, market and other factors that may affect the value of the 
Securities. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be reduced, 
withdrawn or qualified by the rating agency at any time. If the ratings on any Securities are reduced, 
withdrawn or qualified, it could adversely affect the liquidity or the market value of such Securities.  
Additionally, the global landscape of financial sector regulation itself is undergoing significant change. 
In the U.S., the Dodd-Frank Act, among other things, expands regulatory oversight of Citigroup Inc. (and 
its subsidiaries) and credit rating agencies. It is not clear how this expanded regulatory oversight will 
impact the ratings on the Securities or the rating of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and/or the CGMFL 
Guarantor. 
In general, European (including United Kingdom) regulated investors are restricted under the CRA 
Regulation from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the EU or the United Kingdom and registered under the CRA Regulation 
(and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply 
in certain circumstances). Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by 
non-EU and non-UK credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-
registered or UK-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU or non-UK rating agency is 
certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the 
case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances). If the status of the rating agency rating the Securities changes, European (including 
United Kingdom) regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes and 
the Securities may have a different regulatory treatment. This may result in European (including United 
Kingdom) regulated investors selling the Securities which may impact the value of the Securities and 
any secondary market. The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its 
website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant 
rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being 
taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list. Information relating 
to the current ratings of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI and CGML is available at www.citigroup.com. 
Certain factors affecting the value and trading price of Securities  
The amounts due and/or value of any assets to be delivered in respect of the Securities at any time prior 
to the relevant maturity date is typically expected to be less than the trading price of such Securities at 
that time. The difference between the trading price and such amounts due and/or value of any assets to 
be delivered, as the case may be, will reflect, among other things, the "time value" of the Securities. The 
"time value" of the Securities will depend partly upon the length of the period remaining to maturity and 
expectations concerning the value of the Underlying(s).  
Securities pose some additional risks with regard to interim value. The interim value of Securities varies 
as the price or level of the Underlying(s) varies, as well as due to a number of other interrelated factors, 
including (i) the trading price of the relevant Securities, (ii) the value and volatility of the Underlying(s), 
(iii) the remaining tenor, (iv) in the case of Cash Settled Securities, the probable range of any Redemption 
Amounts, (v) any change(s) in interim interest rates and dividend yields if applicable, (vi) any change(s) 
in currency exchange rates, (vii) the depth of the market or liquidity of the Underlying(s) and (viii) any 
related transaction costs. 
Any sale of Securities prior to their scheduled redemption may be at a substantial discount from the 
original purchase price and you may lose some or all of your investment.

--- Page 110 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
82 
 
Application of Fallback Provisions in respect of Reference Rates and Benchmarks 
The fallback provisions described in Valuation and Settlement Condition 9  in respect of Reference Rates 
and Benchmarks apply as follows: 
USD LIBOR: 
• 
If a Benchmark Transition Event occurs and if the applicable Issue Terms specify USD LIBOR 
to be applicable in respect of the Securities, Valuation and Settlement Condition 8 (the USD 
LIBOR Fallback Provisions) shall apply. 
• 
A Benchmark Transition Event occurs with respect to a USD Benchmark (which could be USD 
LIBOR or the relevant Benchmark Replacement) where there has been a public statement or 
publication of information by, amongst others, the administrator of the USD Benchmark which 
states that the administrator of the USD Benchmark has ceased or will cease to provide the USD 
Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, or by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of 
the USD Benchmark announcing that the USD Benchmark is no longer representative, or as of 
a specified future date will no longer be capable of being representative, of any relevant 
underlying market(s) or economic reality that such USD Benchmark is intended to measure. 
• 
If the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent cannot determine the relevant USD Benchmark 
by interpolating from other tenors of the USD Benchmark, the next-available alternative under 
the USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions will apply to replace the relevant USD Benchmark in 
respect of the Securities. In order, these replacement alternatives are as follows: 
a) 
the replacement rate shall be the applicable fallback reference rate as determined by the 
International Swap Dealers Association, Inc. (ISDA), together with an adjustment  
b) 
if a) is not available, if a form of Term SOFR has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body, then the replacement rate shall be such Term SOFR, 
together with an adjustment; 
c) 
if a) and b) are not available, if a form of compounded SOFR has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body or alternatively the Calculation 
Agent or Determination Agent, then the replacement rate shall be such Compounded 
SOFR, together with an adjustment; 
d) 
if a), b) and c) are not available, if an alternate rate of interest has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body, then the replacement rate shall be 
such alternate rate, together with an adjustment;  
e) 
if a), b), c) and d) are not available, then the replacement rate shall be as determined by 
the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent, together with an adjustment. 
• 
The Calculation Agent or Determination Agent has powers to make conforming changes to the 
terms of the Securities as it decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of the replacement 
rate, and to determine a USD Benchmark to apply in respect of the Securities on an interim 
basis. For related risks see "Interest on Securities linked to USD LIBOR will be calculated using 
a Benchmark Replacement selected by the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent if a 
Benchmark Transition Event occurs". 
Reference Rates: 
• 
If a Reference Rate Event occurs and if the applicable Issue Terms specify any Reference Rate 
to be applicable in respect of the Securities, provided that the USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions 
do not apply to the relevant Reference Rate as a result of the relevant event or circumstance, 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 7 (the Reference Rate Event Provisions) shall apply. 
• 
A Reference Rate Event occurs with respect to a Reference Rate (which means any interest rate 
howsoever described in the Conditions and as amended from time to time pursuant to the 
provisions of the Reference Rate Event Provisions) where the Calculation Agent or 
Determination Agent (as applicable) determines that (i) the Reference Rate has been or will be

--- Page 111 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
83 
 
materially changed (a Material Change Event Trigger), has ceased or will cease to be provided 
permanently or indefinitely, or a regulator or other official sector entity has prohibited or will 
prohibit the use of such Reference Rate in respect of the Securities; (ii) any authorisation or 
similar in respect of the Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of the Reference Rate 
has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, refused or similar and as a result 
the Issuer or any other entity is not or will not be permitted under applicable law or regulation 
to use the relevant Reference Rate to perform its or their obligations under the Securities; (iii) 
unless the relevant Issue Terms specify that "Reference Rate Event (Limb (iii))" does not apply, 
it is not commercially reasonable to continue use of the Reference Rate due to licensing 
restrictions or changes in licensing costs; or (iv) a relevant supervisor or sponsor, central bank 
for the currency of the Reference Rate or other official body with applicable responsibility 
formally states or publicises that the Reference Rate is no longer representative, or as of a 
specified future date will no longer be capable of being representative, of any relevant 
underlying market(s) or economic reality that such Reference Rate is intended to measure. 
• 
The Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) will seek to determine a 
replacement Reference Rate as follows: 
a) 
if a replacement Reference Rate can be determined by interpolating from other tenors of 
the relevant Reference Rate, then the replacement Reference Rate shall be such 
interpolated Reference Rate, together with an adjustment; 
b) 
if a) is not available, if a pre-nominated replacement Reference Rate has been specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms and such rate is not subject to a Reference Rate Event, then 
the replacement Reference Rate shall be the pre-nominated replacement Reference Rate, 
together with an adjustment; or 
c) 
if a) and b) are not available, then the replacement Reference Rate shall be an index, 
benchmark or other price source or rate which is recognised or acknowledged as being 
the industry standard replacement for over-the-counter derivative transactions which 
reference such Reference Rate, together with an adjustment. 
• 
In the alternative and only in the event of a Material Change Event Trigger, the Calculation 
Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) may determine that no replacement Reference 
Rate is required or may adjust the term of the Securities as it determines necessary or appropriate 
to account for the effect of such material change. Where applicable, if no such determination or 
adjustments are made, and if the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) 
determines that it is not possible or commercially reasonable to identify a replacement Reference 
Rate or calculate the relevant adjustment, the Issuer may redeem the Securities early.  
• 
The Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) has powers to make amendments 
to the terms of the Securities as it considers are necessary and/or appropriate to account for the 
effect of the replacement Reference Rate, and to determine the level of the Reference Rate to 
apply in respect of the Securities on an interim basis. For related risks see "Interest on Securities 
linked to a Reference Rate will be calculated using a Replacement Reference Rate selected by 
the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) if a Reference Rate Event 
occurs". 
Benchmarks: 
• 
If an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs with respect to the relevant rate, provided that the 
USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions and the Reference Rate Event Provisions do not apply to the 
relevant 
event 
or 
circumstance, 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 
3 
(the 
Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions) shall apply. 
• 
An Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs with respect to a Benchmark (which means any 
figure or rate and where any amount payable or deliverable under the Securities, or the value of 
the Securities, is determined by reference in whole or in part to such figure or rate) where the 
Calculation Agent or, where a separate Determination Agent is appointed in respect of the 
Securities, the Determination Agent (such agent the Relevant Agent) determines that (i) a 
Benchmark is materially changed, cancelled or its use is prohibited by a regulator or other

--- Page 112 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
84 
 
official sector entity in respect of the Securities; (ii) any authorisation or similar in respect of a 
relevant Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of a relevant Benchmark has not been, or 
will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected or similar with the effect that the Issuer or 
any other entity is not, or will not be, permitted under any applicable law or regulation to use 
the relevant Benchmark to perform its or their respective obligations under the Securities; (iii) 
unless the relevant Issue Terms specify that "Administrator/Benchmark Event (Limb (3))" does 
not apply, it is not commercially reasonable to continue use of the Benchmark due to licensing 
restrictions or changes in licence costs; or (iv) a relevant supervisor and/or sponsor officially 
announces the benchmark is no longer representative, or as of a specified future date will no 
longer be capable of being representative, of any relevant underlying market(s) or economic 
reality that such Benchmark is intended to measure. 
• 
The Relevant Agent may make adjustment(s) to the terms of the Securities as it determines 
necessary or appropriate to account for the effect of the relevant event or circumstance, 
including, without limitation, the selection of a successor benchmark. Alternatively and if 
applicable, the Issuer may redeem the Securities early. For related risks see "Risks relating to 
the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event" above. 
Rate as an Underlying: 
• 
If an event or circumstance occurs with respect to a Rate which is an Underlying and if the 
applicable Issue Terms specify a Rate as an Underlying, provided that none of the USD LIBOR 
Fallback Provisions, the Reference Rate Event Provisions and the Administrator/Benchmark 
Event provisions apply to the relevant rate as a result of such relevant event or circumstance, 
the provisions of Underlying Schedule 13 relating to the determination of the Underlying 
Closing Level of a Rate on any Scheduled Trading Day in the event of the occurrence of any 
Disrupted Day and the Substitute or Successor Rates provisions and the provisions relating to 
the consequences of any such Disrupted Day set out in the Conditions shall apply. For related 
risks, see "Risks relating to the discontinuance or unavailability of a Rate". 
Screen Rate Determination, USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination or ISDA Determination:  
• 
If a floating rate cannot be determined and if the applicable Issue Terms specify any of Screen 
Rate Determination, USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination or ISDA Determination to be 
applicable, provided that none of the USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions, the Reference Rate 
Event Provisions, the Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions and the Rate Conditions 
apply to the relevant floating rate as a result of such relevant event or circumstance, the relevant 
provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(a), Valuation and Settlement Condition 
4.2(b), or Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(c) (as the case may be) shall apply. 
• 
Where Screen Rate Determination is applicable, if the Page is not available or if no offered 
quotation or fewer than three offered quotations appear (as applicable), in each case as at the 
Specified Time, or by 10.30 a.m. Sydney time in the case of BBSW, the Calculation Agent or 
Determination Agent (as applicable) will determine the Screen Rate as follows: 
a) 
if two or more offered quotations are provided by Reference Banks, then the Screen Rate 
for the relevant date or period shall be the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations; 
b) 
if a) is not available, if two or more Reference Banks communicate rates at which such 
banks were offered, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, certain deposits, then the Screen Rate shall be the rate per annum 
which the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) determines as being 
the arithmetic mean of such rates;  
c) 
if a) and b) are not available, if one or more banks informs the Calculation Agent or 
Determination Agent (as applicable) that it is quoting, at approximately the Specified 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, an offered rate or an arithmetic mean 
of offered rates for certain deposits to leading banks in the relevant reference rate 
interbank market, then the Screen Rate shall be such offered rate or such arithmetic mean 
of offered rates, as applicable; or

--- Page 113 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
85 
 
d) 
if a), b) and c) are not available, then notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 
Conditions, the Screen Rate shall be determined as such rate as is determined by the 
Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner having regard to alternative benchmarks then available 
and taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, 
without limitation, the derivatives market). 
• 
Where USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination is applicable, if the relevant Reference Rate 
cannot be determined, the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) will 
determine the Reference Rate as follows: 
a) 
if two or more offered quotations are provided by Reference Banks, then the Reference 
Rate for the relevant date or period will be the arithmetic average of such quotations; 
b) 
if a) is not available, if three or more New York City banks selected by the Calculation 
Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) quote certain rates to leading European 
banks at approximately 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, then the Reference Rate for the relevant date or period will be the 
arithmetic average of such rates; or 
c) 
if a) and b) are not available, then notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 
Conditions, the Reference Rate for the relevant date or period will be such rate as is 
determined by the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having regard to alternative benchmarks 
then available and taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related market 
(including, without limitation, the derivatives market). 
• 
Where ISDA Determination is applicable, if the Calculation Agent determines that the ISDA 
Rate cannot be determined, then notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, the 
ISDA Rate for the relevant period and/or date shall be such rate as is determined by the 
Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having regard to 
alternative benchmarks then available and taking into account prevailing industry standards in 
any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market). It should be noted, 
however, that even though relevant fallback provisions may be included in accordance with the 
terms of the ISDA Determination itself or the above provision, if prior ranking fallback 
provisions described in Valuation and Settlement Condition 9 apply then these prior ranking 
fallback provisions will be applied first, meaning that any fallback provisions included as part 
of the ISDA Determination itself may not apply. 
• 
For related risks, see "If a floating rate becomes unavailable it may be determined by reference 
to third party banks or in the Calculation Agent's or Determination Agent's (as applicable) 
discretion". 
SONIA Floating Rate Determination (Non-Index Determination), SONIA Floating Rate Determination 
(Index Determination) or SOFR Floating Rate Determination:  
• 
If a floating rate cannot be determined and SONIA Floating Rate Determination (Non-Index 
Determination), SONIA Floating Rate Determination (Index Determination) and/or SOFR 
Floating Rate Determination are specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
provided that none of the Reference Rate Event Provisions, the Administrator/Benchmark Event 
provisions and the Rate Conditions apply to the relevant floating rate as a result of such relevant 
event or circumstance, the relevant provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(d)(i), 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(d)(ii) or Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(e)(iii) 
(as the case may be) shall apply. 
• 
Where SONIA Floating Rate Determination (Non-Index Determination) is applicable, if the 
Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA rate is not available on the relevant Page or has 
not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors on a relevant day, the 
Calculation Agent will determine such SONIA rate as being:

--- Page 114 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
86 
 
a) 
(i) the Bank of Englandꞌs Bank Rate (the Bank Rate) prevailing at close of business on 
such day in the relevant Observation Period; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the 
SONIA rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which a SONIA rate has 
been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, 
one only of those spreads) and the lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest 
spread, one only of those spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
b) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of business on such 
day in the relevant Observation Period, the SONIA rate published on the relevant Page 
(or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding 
London Banking Day on which the SONIA rate was published on such Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors).  
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the Bank of England publishes guidance as to (A) 
how the SONIA rate is to be determined or (B) any rate that is to replace the SONIA rate, the 
Calculation Agent shall, to the extent that it is reasonably practicable, follow such guidance in 
order to determine the SONIA rate for the purpose of the Securities for so long as the SONIA 
rate is not available or has not been published by the authorised distributors. For related risks, 
see "If a floating rate becomes unavailable it may be determined by reference to third party 
banks or in the Calculation Agent's or Determination Agent's (as applicable) discretion". 
• 
If in respect of any relevant determination date a SONIA Compounded Index value has not been 
provided or published by or on behalf of the relevant administrator (or any successor 
administrator) or authorised distributors or the relevant website is not available, the relevant 
SONIA Compounded Index value will be the last such value provided for the SONIA 
Compounded Index. 
• 
If in respect of any relevant determination date a SOFR or SOFR Index value, as applicable, has 
not been provided or published by or on behalf of the relevant administrator (or any successor 
administrator) or authorised distributors or the relevant website is not available, the relevant 
SOFR or SOFR Index value, as applicable, will be the last such value provided for the SOFR or 
SOFR Index as applicable. 
Citigroup Inc., Its Management and Its Businesses Must Continually Review, Analyse and 
Successfully Adapt to Ongoing Regulatory and Legislative Uncertainties and Changes in the U.S. and 
Globally 
Despite the adoption of final regulations and laws in numerous areas impacting Citigroup Inc. and it 
businesses over the past several years, Citigroup Inc., its management and its businesses continually face 
ongoing regulatory and legislative uncertainties and changes, both in the United States of America (U.S.) 
and globally. While the areas of ongoing regulatory and legislative uncertainties and changes facing 
Citigroup Inc. are too numerous to list completely, various examples include, but are not limited to (i) 
potential fiscal, monetary, regulatory and other changes arising from the U.S. federal government and 
others; (ii) potential changes to various aspects of the regulatory capital framework applicable to 
Citigroup Inc.; and (iii) the terms of and other uncertainties resulting from the United Kingdom's (U.K.) 
exit from the European Union (EU). When referring to "regulatory", Citigroup Inc. is including both 
formal regulation and the views and expectations of its regulators in their supervisory roles. 
Ongoing regulatory and legislative uncertainties and changes make Citigroup Inc.'s and its management's 
long-term business, balance sheet and budget planning difficult or subject to change. For example, U.S. 
and other regulators globally have implemented and continue to discuss various changes to certain 
regulatory requirements, which would require ongoing assessment by management as to the impact to 
Citigroup Inc., its businesses and business planning. Business planning is required to be based on possible 
or proposed rules or outcomes, which can change dramatically upon finalisation, or upon implementation 
or interpretive guidance from numerous regulatory bodies worldwide, and such guidance can change.  
Moreover, U.S. and international regulatory and legislative initiatives have not always been undertaken 
or implemented on a coordinated basis, and areas of divergence have developed and continue to develop 
with respect to the scope, interpretation, timing, structure or approach, leading to inconsistent or even 
conflicting regulations, including within a single jurisdiction. For example, in May 2019, the European 
Commission adopted, as part of Capital Requirements Directive V, a new requirement for major banking

--- Page 115 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
87 
 
groups headquartered outside the EU (which would include Citigroup Inc.) to establish an intermediate 
EU holding company where the foreign bank has two or more institutions (broadly meaning banks, 
broker-dealers and similar financial firms) established in the EU. While in some respects the requirement 
mirrors an existing U.S. requirement for non-U.S. banking organizations to form U.S. intermediate 
holding companies, the implementation of the EU holding company requirement could lead to additional 
complexity with respect to Citigroup Inc.'s resolution planning, capital and liquidity allocation and 
efficiency in various jurisdictions. Regulatory and legislative changes have also significantly increased 
Citigroup Inc.'s compliance risks and costs.

--- Page 116 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE AND AVAILABLE FOR INSPECTION AND SUPPLEMENTS 
88 
 
SECTION D – DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE AND AVAILABLE FOR 
INSPECTION AND SUPPLEMENTS

--- Page 117 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CITIGROUP INC. BASE PROSPECTUS 
89 
 
SECTION D.1 – DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CITIGROUP 
INC. BASE PROSPECTUS 
The following documents which have previously been published and filed with the Luxembourg 
supervisory authority for the financial sector (Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier, the 
CSSF), the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or the Central Bank are incorporated in, and form part of, 
this Base Prospectus:  
(1) 
the Annual Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended 31 December 2019 filed 
with the SEC on 21 February 2020 (the Citigroup Inc. 2019 Form 10-K) (which is published 
on 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=PjfXninBGzql6WjKyKTvPQg1lHZGDP+2OGb8lttZN/XC6SWyVIP
7HU1BLgPYFls+2j0yEmkpqD48i8ebmBJzkxQcIZQ+KJTHUNnflwK3A0TRc/Bx3teuzz1bgf
qEwMTv8+MULaUAxHx/LzPVXt1TNRRYI4FKmbO5GW7g5hcxAtDWd39+ztEMJtW+63
3c0/KOk9w0Q3ZWOpKUwfxTynl5yLDyw+563yyalgBDPBIH/vs); 
(2) 
the Citigroup Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on 15 April 2020 in 
connection with the publication of its Quarterly Financial Data Supplement for the quarter ended 
31 March 2020 (the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q1 Form 8-K) (which is published on 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=mNa9kRmZEFMzu1IDHYT6qVf2GxLJEnEIPoBw6c1tc10R068nb
mcmUxIV4y9Q+SYDjZcKBtPzGpKhKdk5COV1go/EOwpR+L0P4G7gYMQCQb3poH7Akg
FgI8ZyBIaPpy3o4Ztx6dFI+PD5HSTf4cayfTNLY7j2PVV0hAwEOkbLSVt4Nd9SMdMPd/Sr
RBFz3Xu7aY+0Ytn6UgxL7mY3rOEtNw);  
(3) 
the Quarterly Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 10-Q for the three months ended 31 March 2020 
filed with the SEC on 4 May 2020 (the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q1 Form 10-Q) (which is 
published 
on 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=AouHHqCrWkiMaR3GLgcu3W3IA8L9E+EAfXen8Pej28AUrDWql
Yxv4qOJBueHiSsBEx4WKcL4MS4idWJ90GLt60t1ZrLGvHSTTz0TJNGH0ev/GoSe3Is/vJy
R2BiPh1zm3rcvGgM0edSRvBMg5d6MhUaZI27ETBh3nZauubeLTZyroGHuyW92OulXJqzs
PFslAqmambQK4c2CdFy4ThkBW2qJEEhlbBu4Kz6Al68b6OM); 
(4) 
the Citigroup Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on 14 July 2020 in connection 
with the publication of its Quarterly Financial Data Supplement for the quarter ended 30 June 
2020 
(the 
Citigroup 
Inc. 
2020 
Q2 
Form 
8-K) 
(which 
is 
published 
on 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=2Hr+DrCkfGY2lhvAauy2jbq7n3mqXxOhdJoZuv0P+4MfIPh9GZjK
FozPR5YELKIUYOcKpEAiu1z7F8x7k/R9kTSc4nvGZo6Bxw5dRlRTkqqGjgd2/+yUOE9wT
iHeAvArj3ef4LLrJsBGJoi9KUHQVSspNtududY4cfC2Ji0Md+AZQfHze8nol0L7xrHnUjYOo
LHK5lVEm81s+7eTbYFi6A==);  
(5) 
the Quarterly Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 10-Q for the three and six months ended 30 June 
2020 filed with the SEC on 4 August 2020 (the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q2 Form 10-Q) (which is 
published 
on 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=kFbUu+tSfs6OGlHXa05SXASyWquyBVz2+0mWjRZC+k7HUJrFd
DMaTqIayEOm8lR2bdCuRZtJdwc+u7HWW36BdFBHX6l4Mjjr/mvpqW9ywGMa8TuzghLlt
CLz/l6aMhXMYmCwcU/tYuuJ1l0r+Up9M4o4vowKnhAsrgaju/NZesXgfKo/zCPL4WLFDX
5XURbUP06BNVw9tyrUEUt7eRXJ1hk4Q3VAwWatv7Pd8v3yU04=); 
(6) 
the Citigroup Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on 9 October 2020 in 
connection with an announcement of certain Consent Orders in respect of Citigroup Inc. and 
Citibank N.A. 1 (the Citigroup Inc. 9 October 2020 Form 8-K) (which is published on 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=MZTBWzyor8VGvDadXsnOSzIjgHic5XQvtVFG0I8By/YYlSqidnb
MybXsGX9f6lrfPt+Mw5kwQlCAZfXG8hPhhnNtkMzrL+obQ2DHAwVdK1lHARpY2XXO
RVvywHA09gyj8uIO92Kt5Y3EoswLmggD+c8p4lRLx5/EywZ2pGsPVDDj8j/CnkK4DRRfS
OWIC3W/mrfqODJdoIPWqYRtbFr7EZgxyaaofwsWEVKgWdbFV7CHi3zoLOqSwFwQXr
 
1  
On 7 October 2020, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (Federal Reserve Board) and the Office of the Comptroller 
of the Currency (OCC) issued Consent Orders with Citigroup Inc. and Citibank, N.A., respectively. The Consent Orders require that 
Citigroup Inc. and Citibank , N.A. submit acceptable plans to the Federal Reserve Board and the OCC relating principally to 
improvements in various aspects of risk management, compliance, data quality management and governance, and internal controls. 
Citibank, N.A. also entered into a Consent Order with the OCC to pay a civil money penalty of U.S.$400 million.

--- Page 118 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CITIGROUP INC. BASE PROSPECTUS 
90 
 
WK+QckvsGF+rYm+q4e2MB2lsN6A+YGDxw8IJtZ+tTuBR6VKMRA8V8KAp/4U92BlwC
lzC3IAbhGVe4Rl1nWTlA2Oi/0sWKJBnsCY9QreDwt5QM8TbL2m11BuffDceuYliSstL8gY
4OlO53VDjulxIaYi853RYt+oC2Jp5bKGdXnbaRdMCg=); 
(7) 
the Citigroup Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on 13 October 2020 in 
connection with the publication of its Quarterly Financial Data Supplement for the quarter ended 
30 September 2020 (the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q3 Form 8-K) (which is published on 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=2OSHWb3EcT2b+mRXjEyOQ0gvDzsiG+xFcRZMMXObuWE6RZ
gGcmYQXZGRRV/YuJnLc9V2VmywbleoebU4np1/jGTyunssqx2eq3euQpwXTZJwc32fHF
YBF4DEMR64ymh//FrNree2gMeTYwHEGKVlBauGg5jYPIauE1Tknxxv5CcggyiqzlyXjDrR
wLERFm9qpqOQ9QwYLY+XjLyF2MU0Zg==);  
(8) 
the Quarterly Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 10-Q for the three and nine months ended 30 
September 2020 filed with the SEC on 4 November 2020 (the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q3 Form 
10-Q) 
(which 
is 
published 
on 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=q/NZKKVKh4n8E8jJ1tY0mvHZP/wbE/Cq7wJjpbRm2J5UZNIGgt2
K2Uyyg8jF360ocuUnNQ5sgOEJJQOcFshuC0/VCEn4tFjx7sgLVCvR95reyEiP61L5Zx8lcaJz
mIVLxYfUcz1jjIHkXo0py1oRDKdCJxanS0xBG1a7CIQGCoJapVps1BjHJUps0bwIObOnpht
VKbzSPD8hclxSOe+4FDzPIn7WXlDxX8IRx5vM0xs=);  
(9) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (comprising the "General Conditions of the Notes" and 
the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes") contained in the Citigroup Inc. 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 26 June 2013 (the June 2013 Citigroup Inc. 
Underlying 
Linked 
Notes 
Base 
Prospectus) 
(which 
is 
published 
on 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_b3876042-ab12-4fa4-a40e-
792aa6370c9d.PDF), as supplemented by a Base Prospectus Supplement No.1 dated 6 August 
2013 (which is published on http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_30edc11e-bd0c-
4aca-9647-59106ee9b0c3.PDF?v=1582015);  
(10) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (comprising the "General Conditions of the Notes" and 
the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes") contained in the Citigroup Inc. 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 25 September 2013 (the September 2013 
Citigroup Inc. Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus) (which is published on 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_3b1e4730-2841-4293-96ca-
088347d09c58.pdf); 
(11) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (comprising the "General Conditions of the Notes" and 
the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes") contained in the Citigroup Inc. 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 25 September 2014 (the September 2014 
Citigroup Inc. Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus) (which is published on 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_6a488792-04a1-4079-bbcc-
770f136aab10.PDF?v=452015), as supplemented by a Base Prospectus Supplement No.1 dated 
28 
November 
2014 
(which 
is 
published 
on 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_e4eba409-e8d0-48d0-adc7-
c80d02c9972f.PDF?v=1582015) and a Base Prospectus Supplement No.3 dated 20 March 2015 
(which is published on http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_6fe83588-0699-4e9e-
8dad-3572a77ca43f.PDF?v=1582015); 
(12) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (comprising the "General Conditions of the Notes" and 
the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes") contained in the Citigroup Inc. 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 25 September 2015 (the September 2015 
Citigroup Inc. Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus) (which is published on 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_d44d7aef-aa29-405a-84e7-
a22895ae5329.PDF?v=11112015); 
(13) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (comprising the "General Conditions of the Notes" and 
the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes") contained in the Citigroup Inc. 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 4 February 2016 (the February 2016 
Citigroup Inc. Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus) (which is published on 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_c9098db9-d68b-41be-8e7f-
d2427d5b2110.PDF), as supplemented by a Base Prospectus Supplement No.1 dated 15 March

--- Page 119 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CITIGROUP INC. BASE PROSPECTUS 
91 
 
2016 (which is published on http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_27d53627-6267-
4d5f-966c-bad013d4e7e6.PDF), a Base Prospectus Supplement No.3 dated 16 May 2016 
(which is published on http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_5e66558b-b1dc-4a2f-
9f1e-0f0d61bc273d.PDF) and a Base Prospectus Supplement No.6/7 dated 23 November 2016 
(which is published on http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_1b67850a-f09e-47f7-
b331-09b600a50559.PDF);  
(14) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (comprising the "General Conditions of the Notes" and 
the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes") contained in the Citigroup Inc. 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 3 February 2017 (the February 2017 
Citigroup Inc. Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus) (which is published on 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_338ce64b-fa39-42db-81d4-
5b98369f718e.PDF), as supplemented by a Base Prospectus Supplement No.1 dated 16 March 
2017 (which is published on http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_fccfd40b-2bb1-
4d03-9bf6-78bd10e9ea24.PDF), a Base Prospectus Supplement No.4 dated 25 July 2017 (which 
is published on http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Final%20Supplement_033b247e-2fb0-
464d-af45-d6df0a3f61d4.PDF) and a Base Prospectus Supplement No.6 dated 26 September 
2017 (which is published on https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_0a675935-df40-
4c1a-9a73-7135cb685137.PDF);  
(15) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (comprising the "General Conditions of the Notes" and 
the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes") contained in the Citigroup Inc. 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 2 February 2018 (the February 2018 
Citigroup Inc. Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus) (which is published on 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_e19922fc-a896-490e-b8e3-
e272d9680065.PDF), as supplemented by a Base Prospectus Supplement No.1 dated 13 March 
2018 (which is published on http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_03c0ffdf-6e72-
4968-93b2-02e6093050a1.PDF), a Base Prospectus Supplement No.3 dated 11 May 2018 
(which is published on https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_b18d877b-ebae-484e-
956d-6c4608fd8ddb.PDF), a Base Prospectus Supplement No. 4 dated 30 July 2018 (which is 
published on https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_472ee193-ea45-4f80-9930-
86d4e37bc33f.PDF) and a Base Prospectus Supplement No.6 dated 5 September 2018 (which 
is published on http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_c29d9514-efa3-442a-969c-
1c970e4cda26.pdf);  
(16) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Securities (comprising the "General Conditions of the 
Securities" and the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities") contained in the 
Citigroup Inc. Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 25 January 2019 (the January 
2019 Citigroup Inc. Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus) (which is published on 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_fbd95b51-848d-4f21-8310-
83cc41b7cef2.PDF), as supplemented by a Base Prospectus Supplement No.2 dated 11 March 
2019 (which is published on https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_f8c2dba2-b4f6-
493f-9515-adc4c4ea39ca.PDF);  
(17) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Securities (comprising the "General Conditions of the 
Securities" and the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities") contained in the 
Citigroup Inc. Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 19 July 2019 (the July 2019 
Citigroup Inc. Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus) (which is published on 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_76049f0d-79f3-40f7-aee3-
548371562d8f.PDF), as supplemented by a Base Prospectus Supplement No.6 dated 22 January 
2020 (which is published on https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_a344ffbb-f07a-
4447-a4e6-105afecd5721.PDF) and a Base Prospectus Supplement No.7 dated 11 March 2020 
(which is published on https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_f7726694-ac81-44d6-
8c03-57ae6f953bba.PDF); and 
(18) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Securities (comprising the "General Conditions of the 
Securities" and the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities") contained in the 
Citigroup Inc. Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 8 May 2020 (the May 2020 
Citigroup Inc. Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus) (which is published on 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_d30b1bc3-202c-4a25-9a51-
398e0e22fb3b.PDF).

--- Page 120 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CITIGROUP INC. BASE PROSPECTUS 
92 
 
The following information appears on the pages of the relevant document(s) as set out below:  
1. 
Audited consolidated financial statements of Citigroup Inc. as of 31 December 2019 and 2018 
and for the years ended 31 December 2019, 2018 and 2017, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 
2019 Form 10-K:  
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 
124-125 
B. 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
126-127 
C. 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
128-129 
D. 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
130-131 
E. 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
132-292 
F. 
Report of Independent Registered Accounting Firm – Consolidated 
Financial Statements of Citigroup Inc. as of 31 December 2019 and 
2018 and for the years ended 31 December 2019, 2018 and 2017 
119-121 
2. 
Other information relating to Citigroup Inc., as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2019 Form 10-
K: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Description of the principal activities of Citigroup Inc. – Overview, 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations, Segment and Business – Income (Loss) and 
Revenues, Segment Balance Sheet and Off Balance Sheet 
Arrangements  
4-28 
B. 
Description of the principal markets in which Citigroup Inc. competes 
 
 
(i) 
Global Consumer Banking and Institutional Clients Group 
14-26 
 
(ii) 
Note 3 (Business Segments) to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
146 
C. 
Description of the principal investments of Citigroup Inc. – Note 13 
(Investments) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
177-189 
D. 
Description of trends and events affecting Citigroup Inc. 
 
 
(i) 
Overview, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and Business – 
Income (Loss) and Revenues, Segment Balance Sheet and Off 
Balance Sheet Arrangements 
4-28 
 
(ii) 
Capital Resources 
30-33 
 
(iii) 
Risk Factors 
46-55 
 
(iv) 
Significant Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates 
112-115

--- Page 121 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CITIGROUP INC. BASE PROSPECTUS 
93 
 
 
(v) 
Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements 
132-144 
E. 
Description of litigation involving Citigroup Inc. 
276-282 
F. 
Risk Factors 
46-55 
G. 
Risk Management 
57-111 
3. 
The Quarterly Financial Data Supplement of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three months 
ended 31 March 2020, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q1 Form 8-K: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Press Release, dated 15 April 2020, issued by Citigroup Inc. 
Exhibit Number 99.1 
on pages 4-14 
B. 
Citigroup Inc. Quarterly Financial Data Supplement for the quarter 
ended 31 March 2020. 
Exhibit Number 99.2 
on pages 15-42 
4. 
Unaudited interim financial information of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three months 
ended 31 March 2020, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q1 Form 10-Q:  
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 
88-89 
B. 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
90-91 
C. 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
92-93 
D. 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
94-95 
E. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
96-199 
5. 
Other information relating to Citigroup Inc., as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q1 Form 
10-Q:  
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Description of the principal activities of Citigroup Inc. - Overview, 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations, Segment and Business – Income (Loss) and 
Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
1-28 
B. 
Description of the principal markets in which Citigroup Inc. competes 
 
 
(i) 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition 
and Results of Operations, Segment and Business – Income 
(Loss) and Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
3-28 
 
(ii) 
Strategic Risk 
 
79-80 
 
(iii) 
Note 3 (Business Segments) to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
103

--- Page 122 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CITIGROUP INC. BASE PROSPECTUS 
94 
 
C. 
Description of the principal investments of Citigroup Inc. – Note 12 
(Investments) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
117-126 
D. 
Description of trends and events affecting Citigroup Inc. 
 
 
(i) 
Citigroup Segments, Management's Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and 
Business – Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment Balance 
Sheet 
2-28 
 
(ii) 
Significant Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates, 
Disclosure Controls and Procedures, Disclosure Pursuant to 
Section 219 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human 
Rights Act and Forward-Looking Statements 
81-86 
 
(iii) 
Note 1 (Basis of Presentation, Updated Accounting Policies and 
Accounting Changes) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
96-101 
E. 
Description of litigation involving Citigroup Inc. – Note 23 
(Contingencies) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
192-193 
F. 
Risk Management – Managing Global Risk Table of Contents and 
Managing Global Risk 
44-80 
6. 
The Quarterly Financial Data Supplement of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three and six 
months ended 30 June 2020, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q2 Form 8-K: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Press Release, dated 14 July 2020, issued by Citigroup Inc. 
Exhibit Number 99.1 
on pages 4-15 
B. 
Citigroup Inc. Quarterly Financial Data Supplement for the quarter 
ended 30 June 2020. 
Exhibit Number 99.2 
on pages 16-44 
7. 
Unaudited interim financial information of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three and six 
months ended 30 June 2020, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q2 Form 10-Q: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 
100-101 
B. 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
102-103 
C. 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
104-105 
D. 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
106-107 
E. 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
108-224 
8. 
Other information relating to Citigroup Inc., as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q2 Form 
10-Q: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Description of the principal activities of Citigroup Inc. - Overview, 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations, Segment and Business – Income (Loss) and 
Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
1-31 
B. 
Description of the principal markets in which Citigroup Inc. competes

--- Page 123 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CITIGROUP INC. BASE PROSPECTUS 
95 
 
 
(i) 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition 
and Results of Operations, Segment and Business – Income 
(Loss) and Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
3-31 
 
(ii) 
Strategic Risk 
88-89 
 
(iii) 
Note 3 (Business Segments) to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
111 
C. 
Description of the principal investments of Citigroup Inc. – Note 12 
(Investments) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
126-136 
D. 
Description of trends and events affecting Citigroup Inc. 
 
 
(i) 
Citigroup Segments, Management's Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and 
Business – Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment Balance 
Sheet 
2-31 
 
(ii) 
Significant Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates, 
Disclosure Controls and Procedures, Disclosure Pursuant to 
Section 219 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human 
Rights Act and Forward-Looking Statements 
90-98 
 
(iii) 
Note 1 (Basis of Presentation, Updated Accounting Policies and 
Accounting Changes) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
108-109 
E. 
Description of litigation involving Citigroup Inc. – Note 23 
(Contingencies) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
213-214 
F. 
Risk Management – Managing Global Risk Table of Contents and 
Managing Global Risk 
47-89 
9. 
Announcement relating to Citigroup Inc. as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 9 October 2020 Form 
8-K 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Consent Order, dated 7 October 2020, issued by the Board of 
Governors of the Federal Reserve System 
Exhibit Number 99.2 
on pages 7-16 
B. 
Consent Order, dated 7 October 2020, issued by the Office of the 
Comptroller of the Currency 
Exhibit Number 99.3 
on pages 17-52 
C. 
Consent Order, dated 7 October 2020, issued by the Office of the 
Comptroller of the Currency 
Exhibit Number 99.4 
on pages 53-61 
10. 
The Quarterly Financial Data Supplement of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three and nine  
months ended 30 September 2020, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q3 Form 8-K: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Press Release, dated 13 October 2020, issued by Citigroup Inc. 
Exhibit Number 99.1 
on pages 4-15 
B. 
Citigroup Inc. Quarterly Financial Data Supplement for the quarter 
ended 30 September 2020. 
Exhibit Number 99.2 
on pages 16-43 
11. 
Unaudited interim financial information of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three and nine 
months ended 30 September 2020, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q3 Form 10-Q: 
 
 
Page(s)

--- Page 124 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CITIGROUP INC. BASE PROSPECTUS 
96 
 
A. 
Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 
102-103 
B. 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
104-105 
C. 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
106-107 
D. 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
108-109 
E. 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
110-224 
12. 
Other information relating to Citigroup Inc., as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q3 Form 
10-Q: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Description of the principal activities of Citigroup Inc. - Overview, 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations, Segment and Business – Income (Loss) and 
Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
1-31 
B. 
Description of the principal markets in which Citigroup Inc. competes 
 
 
(i) 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and Business – 
Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
3-31 
 
(ii) 
Strategic Risk 
89-91 
 
(iii) 
Note 3 (Business Segments) to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
113 
C. 
Description of the principal investments of Citigroup Inc. – Note 12 
(Investments) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
127-137 
D. 
Description of trends and events affecting Citigroup Inc. 
 
 
(i)  
Citigroup Segments, Management's Discussion and Analysis 
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Segment 
and Business – Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment 
Balance Sheet 
2-31 
 
(ii) 
Significant Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates, 
Disclosure Controls and Procedures, Disclosure Pursuant to 
Section 219 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human 
Rights Act and Forward-Looking Statements 
92-100 
 
(iii) 
Note 1 (Basis of Presentation, Updated Accounting Policies 
and Accounting Changes) to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
110-111 
E. 
Description of litigation involving Citigroup Inc. – Note 23 
(Contingencies) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
213-214 
F. 
Risk Management – Managing Global Risk Table of Contents and 
Managing Global Risk 
47-91 
13. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes as contained in June 2013 Citigroup Inc. Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Section F.1 – General Conditions of the Notes 
F-2 to F-37

--- Page 125 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CITIGROUP INC. BASE PROSPECTUS 
97 
 
B. 
Section F.2 – Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
F-38 to F-195 
14. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes as contained in September 2013 Citigroup Inc. 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Section F.1 – General Conditions of the Notes 
F-2 to F-37 
B. 
Section F.2 – Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
F-38 to F-271 
15. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes as contained in September 2014 Citigroup Inc. 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Section F.1 - General Conditions of the Notes 
273-304 
B. 
Section F.2 - Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
305-524 
16. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes as contained in September 2015 Citigroup Inc. 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Section F.1 - General Conditions of the Notes 
288-320 
B. 
Section F.2 - Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
321-404 
17. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes as contained in February 2016 Citigroup Inc. 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Section F.1 - General Conditions of the Notes 
315-353 
B. 
Section F.2 - Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
354-439 
18. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes as contained in February 2017 Citigroup Inc. 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Section F.1 - General Conditions of the Notes 
333-371 
B. 
Section F.2 - Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
372-602 
19. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes as contained in February 2018 Citigroup Inc. 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Section F.1 - General Conditions of the Notes 
339-378 
B. 
Section F.2 - Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
379-611

--- Page 126 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CITIGROUP INC. BASE PROSPECTUS 
98 
 
20. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Securities as contained in January 2019 Citigroup Inc. 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Section F.1 - General Conditions of the Securities 
345-391 
B. 
Section F.2 - Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
392-628 
21. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Securities as contained in July 2019 Citigroup Inc. 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Section F.1 - General Conditions of the Securities 
378-428 
B. 
Section F.2 - Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
429-868 
22. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Securities as contained in May 2020 Citigroup Inc. 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus: 
A. 
Section G.1 - General Conditions of the Securities 
267-316 
B. 
Section G.2 - Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
317-758 
In addition, all quarterly interim reports on Form 10-Q of Citigroup Inc., its Annual Reports on Form 10-
K for fiscal years after 2019, all quarterly earnings releases on Form 8-K and any other reports filed by 
Citigroup Inc. with the SEC pursuant to Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the United States Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and the rules and regulations thereunder, subsequent to 
the date of the financial statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2019 Form 10-K and the Citigroup Inc. 
2020 Q1 Form 10-Q referred to above are and will be available to the public on the SEC's website 
(address: http://www.sec.gov).  
The Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any documents 
incorporated by reference in it, any supplement to this Base Prospectus or the Citigroup Inc. Base 
Prospectus and any applicable Issue Terms. Any statement contained in this Base Prospectus or the 
Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus or in any document incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or 
the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purposes of this 
Base Prospectus or the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus to the extent that any supplement to this Base 
Prospectus or the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus or any other subsequently dated document incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus or the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus modifies or supersedes such 
statement. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or 
superseded, to constitute a part of this Base Prospectus or the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus. 
Where only certain parts of a document have been incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or 
the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus (as described in the table above), the information contained in other 
parts of such document are either not relevant for the investor or covered elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus or the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus.

--- Page 127 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMHI BASE PROSPECTUS 
99 
 
SECTION D.2 – DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMHI 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
The following documents which have previously been published and filed with the Luxembourg 
supervisory authority for the financial sector (Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier, the 
CSSF), the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or the Central Bank are incorporated in, and form part of, 
this Base Prospectus:  
(1) 
the annual financial report of CGMHI for the year ended 31 December 2018 containing its 
audited consolidated financial statements as of 31 December 2018 and 2017 and for each of the 
years in the three year period ended 31 December 2018 (the CGMHI 2018 Annual Report) 
(which 
is 
published 
on 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=HJ6yfPpDqOdjQMuHbOzDrNHqbmA7NO1XEOS5Fs5j/0OyTwz2
U7DNE1HwmNzGkplTtJ9ScP43cgHGbRdSbCzDLqDU5xcV8atb8fpxTNWqK9Y9BgaUiq2
6EEsWNBCpSJPOsw4ECwakgyExuXaliGDrFvBjyXxUXtmIpE4qvgd1SGz9I+mxeuhct2iqf8
sFJbcg3T+HDV55zXLsAPg7Yqs1Vw);  
(2) 
the annual financial report of CGMHI for the year ended 31 December 2019 containing its 
audited consolidated financial statements as of 31 December 2019 and 2018 and for each of the 
years in the three year period ended 31 December 2019 (the CGMHI 2019 Annual Report) 
(which 
is 
published 
on 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=8pWrBp8HcW/8lKyZW3bTFVRZ7GiGhkqh5Zm7WcgoosDm9uyy
6P+tVIUYxSm19HtfM3QYeljtGfMHTknMuBa5R+aRojgVVXbljNp5NmBzrr7xMHcZAKbs
20qeZB90e+LDk3+VbyyHeN3PhQnys1vCUptGfwm83A1yVeIWqBYJFT2aDq8HaIn0g+GB
qD4fOICGKntEq1/5DsOGSpcZaP9SDRpFxg9W1MdpwzEVulGOwRZF+OkSWSRtLCUNd
oEbIdSN);  
(3) 
CGMHI's Half-Yearly Financial Report containing its unaudited consolidated interim financial 
statements as of and for the six months ended 30 June 2020 (the CGMHI 2020 Half-Yearly 
Financial 
Report) 
(which 
is 
published 
on 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=KHNeR1GbVkOVxz7p+2jOTqeSK79jDX+jasgB8Td3FCX7vMGls
DNttkeR8zfUUHbFwfq96xRDbWzZxmFGJxEhZVmQY6RwiOYAHWMKl+okQkPhokiUkF
F+tkHWRJmIVkT7z8OJCrIeaRo0Rj4uKa5LAqbTf5I2hSR6gsYq23WC2Zz301REXdsEhE5
CPWBj1BF66DaFftNZ/5AIOuofKM7jNw==);  
(4) 
the Annual Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended 31 December 2019 filed 
with the SEC on 21 February 2020 (the Citigroup Inc. 2019 Form 10-K) (which is published 
on 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=PjfXninBGzql6WjKyKTvPQg1lHZGDP+2OGb8lttZN/XC6SWyVIP
7HU1BLgPYFls+2j0yEmkpqD48i8ebmBJzkxQcIZQ+KJTHUNnflwK3A0TRc/Bx3teuzz1bgf
qEwMTv8+MULaUAxHx/LzPVXt1TNRRYI4FKmbO5GW7g5hcxAtDWd39+ztEMJtW+63
3c0/KOk9w0Q3ZWOpKUwfxTynl5yLDyw+563yyalgBDPBIH/vs);  
(5) 
the Citigroup Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on 15 April 2020 in 
connection with the publication of its Quarterly Financial Data Supplement for the quarter ended 
31 March 2020 (the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q1 Form 8-K) (which is published on 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=mNa9kRmZEFMzu1IDHYT6qVf2GxLJEnEIPoBw6c1tc10R068nb
mcmUxIV4y9Q+SYDjZcKBtPzGpKhKdk5COV1go/EOwpR+L0P4G7gYMQCQb3poH7Akg
FgI8ZyBIaPpy3o4Ztx6dFI+PD5HSTf4cayfTNLY7j2PVV0hAwEOkbLSVt4Nd9SMdMPd/Sr
RBFz3Xu7aY+0Ytn6UgxL7mY3rOEtNw); 
(6) 
the Quarterly Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 10-Q for the three months ended 31 March 2020 
filed with the SEC on 4 May 2020 (the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q1 Form 10-Q) (which is 
published 
on 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=AouHHqCrWkiMaR3GLgcu3W3IA8L9E+EAfXen8Pej28AUrDWql
Yxv4qOJBueHiSsBEx4WKcL4MS4idWJ90GLt60t1ZrLGvHSTTz0TJNGH0ev/GoSe3Is/vJy
R2BiPh1zm3rcvGgM0edSRvBMg5d6MhUaZI27ETBh3nZauubeLTZyroGHuyW92OulXJqzs
PFslAqmambQK4c2CdFy4ThkBW2qJEEhlbBu4Kz6Al68b6OM); 
(7) 
the Citigroup Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on 14 July 2020 in connection 
with the publication of its Quarterly Financial Data Supplement for the quarter ended 30 June

--- Page 128 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMHI BASE PROSPECTUS 
100 
 
2020 
(the 
Citigroup 
Inc. 
2020 
Q2 
Form 
8-K) 
(which 
is 
published 
on 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=2Hr+DrCkfGY2lhvAauy2jbq7n3mqXxOhdJoZuv0P+4MfIPh9GZjK
FozPR5YELKIUYOcKpEAiu1z7F8x7k/R9kTSc4nvGZo6Bxw5dRlRTkqqGjgd2/+yUOE9wT
iHeAvArj3ef4LLrJsBGJoi9KUHQVSspNtududY4cfC2Ji0Md+AZQfHze8nol0L7xrHnUjYOo
LHK5lVEm81s+7eTbYFi6A==); 
(8) 
the Quarterly Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 10-Q for the three and six months ended 30 June 
2020 filed with the SEC on 4 August 2020 (the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q2 Form 10-Q) (which is 
published 
on 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=kFbUu+tSfs6OGlHXa05SXASyWquyBVz2+0mWjRZC+k7HUJrFd
DMaTqIayEOm8lR2bdCuRZtJdwc+u7HWW36BdFBHX6l4Mjjr/mvpqW9ywGMa8TuzghLlt
CLz/l6aMhXMYmCwcU/tYuuJ1l0r+Up9M4o4vowKnhAsrgaju/NZesXgfKo/zCPL4WLFDX
5XURbUP06BNVw9tyrUEUt7eRXJ1hk4Q3VAwWatv7Pd8v3yU04=); 
(9) 
the Citigroup Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on 9 October 2020 in 
connection with an announcement of certain Consent Orders in respect of Citigroup Inc. and 
Citibank N.A. 1 (the Citigroup Inc. 9 October 2020 Form 8-K) (which is published on 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=MZTBWzyor8VGvDadXsnOSzIjgHic5XQvtVFG0I8By/YYlSqidnb
MybXsGX9f6lrfPt+Mw5kwQlCAZfXG8hPhhnNtkMzrL+obQ2DHAwVdK1lHARpY2XXO
RVvywHA09gyj8uIO92Kt5Y3EoswLmggD+c8p4lRLx5/EywZ2pGsPVDDj8j/CnkK4DRRfS
OWIC3W/mrfqODJdoIPWqYRtbFr7EZgxyaaofwsWEVKgWdbFV7CHi3zoLOqSwFwQXr
WK+QckvsGF+rYm+q4e2MB2lsN6A+YGDxw8IJtZ+tTuBR6VKMRA8V8KAp/4U92BlwC
lzC3IAbhGVe4Rl1nWTlA2Oi/0sWKJBnsCY9QreDwt5QM8TbL2m11BuffDceuYliSstL8gY
4OlO53VDjulxIaYi853RYt+oC2Jp5bKGdXnbaRdMCg=); 
(10) 
the Citigroup Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on 13 October 2020 in 
connection with the publication of its Quarterly Financial Data Supplement for the quarter ended 
30 September 2020 (the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q3 Form 8-K) (which is published on 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=2OSHWb3EcT2b+mRXjEyOQ0gvDzsiG+xFcRZMMXObuWE6RZ
gGcmYQXZGRRV/YuJnLc9V2VmywbleoebU4np1/jGTyunssqx2eq3euQpwXTZJwc32fHF
YBF4DEMR64ymh//FrNree2gMeTYwHEGKVlBauGg5jYPIauE1Tknxxv5CcggyiqzlyXjDrR
wLERFm9qpqOQ9QwYLY+XjLyF2MU0Zg==); 
(11) 
the Quarterly Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 10-Q for the three and nine months ended 30 
September 2020 filed with the SEC on 4 November 2020 (the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q3 Form 
10-Q) 
(which 
is 
published 
on 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=q/NZKKVKh4n8E8jJ1tY0mvHZP/wbE/Cq7wJjpbRm2J5UZNIGgt2
K2Uyyg8jF360ocuUnNQ5sgOEJJQOcFshuC0/VCEn4tFjx7sgLVCvR95reyEiP61L5Zx8lcaJz
mIVLxYfUcz1jjIHkXo0py1oRDKdCJxanS0xBG1a7CIQGCoJapVps1BjHJUps0bwIObOnpht
VKbzSPD8hclxSOe+4FDzPIn7WXlDxX8IRx5vM0xs=);  
(12) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (comprising the "General Conditions of the Notes" and 
the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes") contained in the CGMHI Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 4 February 2016 (the February 2016 CGMHI 
Underlying 
Linked 
Notes 
Base 
Prospectus) 
(which 
is 
published 
on 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_c9098db9-d68b-41be-8e7f-
d2427d5b2110.PDF), as supplemented by a Base Prospectus Supplement No.1 dated 15 March 
2016 (which is published on http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_27d53627-6267-
4d5f-966c-bad013d4e7e6.PDF), a Base Prospectus Supplement No.3 dated 16 May 2016 
(which is published on http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_5e66558b-b1dc-4a2f-
9f1e-0f0d61bc273d.PDF) and a Base Prospectus Supplement No.6/7 dated 23 November 2016 
(which is published on http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_1b67850a-f09e-47f7-
b331-09b600a50559.PDF); 
 
1  
On 7 October 2020, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (Federal Reserve Board) and the Office of the Comptroller 
of the Currency (OCC) issued Consent Orders with Citigroup Inc. and Citibank, N.A., respectively. The Consent Orders require that 
Citigroup Inc. and Citibank , N.A. submit acceptable plans to the Federal Reserve Board and the OCC relating principally to 
improvements in various aspects of risk management, compliance, data quality management and governance, and internal controls. 
Citibank, N.A. also entered into a Consent Order with the OCC to pay a civil money penalty of U.S.$400 million.

--- Page 129 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMHI BASE PROSPECTUS 
101 
 
(13) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (comprising the "General Conditions of the Notes" and 
the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes") contained in the CGMHI Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 3 February 2017 (the February 2017 CGMHI 
Underlying 
Linked 
Notes 
Base 
Prospectus) 
(which 
is 
published 
on 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_338ce64b-fa39-42db-81d4-
5b98369f718e.PDF), as supplemented by a Base Prospectus Supplement No.1 dated 16 March 
2017 (which is published on http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_fccfd40b-2bb1-
4d03-9bf6-78bd10e9ea24.PDF), a Base Prospectus Supplement No.4 dated 25 July 2017 (which 
is published on http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Final%20Supplement_033b247e-2fb0-
464d-af45-d6df0a3f61d4.PDF) and a Base Prospectus Supplement No.6 dated 26 September 
2017 (which is published on https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_0a675935-df40-
4c1a-9a73-7135cb685137.PDF); 
(14) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (comprising the "General Conditions of the Notes" and 
the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes") contained in the CGMHI Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 2 February 2018 (the February 2018 CGMHI 
Underlying 
Linked 
Notes 
Base 
Prospectus) 
(which 
is 
published 
on 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_e19922fc-a896-490e-b8e3-
e272d9680065.PDF), as supplemented by a Base Prospectus Supplement No.1 dated 13 March 
2018 (which is published on http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_03c0ffdf-6e72-
4968-93b2-02e6093050a1.PDF), a Base Prospectus Supplement No.3 dated 11 May 2018 
(which is published on https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_b18d877b-ebae-484e-
956d-6c4608fd8ddb.PDF), a Base Prospectus Supplement No. 4 dated 30 July 2018 (which is 
published on 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_472ee193-ea45-4f80-9930-
86d4e37bc33f.PDF) and a Base Prospectus Supplement No.6 dated 5 September 2018 (which 
is published on http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_c29d9514-efa3-442a-969c-
1c970e4cda26.pdf);  
(15) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Securities (comprising the "General Conditions of the 
Securities" and the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities") contained in the 
CGMHI Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 25 January 2019 (the January 2019 
CGMHI Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus) (which is published on 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_fbd95b51-848d-4f21-8310-
83cc41b7cef2.PDF), as supplemented by a Base Prospectus Supplement No.2 dated 11 March 
2019 (which is published on https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_f8c2dba2-b4f6-
493f-9515-adc4c4ea39ca.PDF);  
(16) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Securities (comprising the "General Conditions of the 
Securities" and the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities") contained in the 
CGMHI Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 19 July 2019 (the July 2019 CGMHI 
Underlying 
Linked 
Notes 
Base 
Prospectus) 
(which 
is 
published 
on 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_76049f0d-79f3-40f7-aee3-
548371562d8f.PDF), as supplemented by a Base Prospectus Supplement No.6 dated 22 January 
2020 (which is published on https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_a344ffbb-f07a-
4447-a4e6-105afecd5721.PDF) and as Base Prospectus Supplement No.7 dated 11 March 2020 
(which is published on https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_f7726694-ac81-44d6-
8c03-57ae6f953bba.PDF); and 
(17) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Securities (comprising the "General Conditions of the 
Securities" and the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities") contained in the 
CGMHI Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 8 May 2020 (the May 2020 CGMHI 
Underlying 
Linked 
Notes 
Base 
Prospectus) 
(which 
is 
published 
on 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_d30b1bc3-202c-4a25-9a51-
398e0e22fb3b.PDF).  
The following information appears on the pages of the relevant documents as set out below: 
1. 
The audited consolidated financial statements of CGMHI as of 31 December 2018 and 2017 
for each of the years in the three year period ended 31 December 2018, as set out in the 
CGMHI 2018 Annual Report:

--- Page 130 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMHI BASE PROSPECTUS 
102 
 
 
 
Page(s) of the 
section entitled 
"Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements" 
A. 
Consolidated Statements of Income 
1 
B. 
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
2 
C. 
Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 
3-4 
D. 
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
5 
E. 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
6 
F. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
7-67 
G. 
Independent Auditor's Report 
34 of the published 
CGMHI 2018 
Annual Report 
2. 
The Management Report of the Issuer, as set out in the CGMHI 2018 Annual Report: 
 
 
Page(s) of the 
section entitled 
"Management 
Report" 
A. 
Management Report 
1-28 
3. 
The audited consolidated financial statements of CGMHI as of 31 December 2019 and 2018 
for each of the years in the three year period ended 31 December 2019, as set out in the 
CGMHI 2019 Annual Report: 
 
 
Page(s) of the 
section entitled 
"Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements" 
A. 
Consolidated Statements of Income 
1 
B. 
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
2 
C. 
Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 
3-4 
D. 
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
5 
E. 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
6 
F. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
7-66 
G. 
Independent Auditor's Report 
35 of the published 
CGMHI 2019 
Annual Report

--- Page 131 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMHI BASE PROSPECTUS 
103 
 
4. 
The Management Report of the Issuer, as set out in the CGMHI 2019 Annual Report: 
 
 
Page(s) of the 
section entitled 
"Management 
Report" 
A. 
Management Report 
1-29 
5. 
Unaudited consolidated financial statements of CGMHI as of and for the six month period 
ended 30 June 2020, as set out in the CGMHI 2020 Half-Yearly Financial Report: 
 
 
Page(s) of the 
section entitled 
"Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements" 
A. 
Consolidated Statements of Income 
1 
B. 
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
2 
C. 
Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 
3-4 
D. 
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
5 
E. 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
6 
F. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
7-41 
6. 
The Management Report of CGMHI, as set out in the CGMHI 2020 Half-Yearly Financial 
Report 
 
 
Page(s) of the 
section entitled 
"Management 
Report" 
A. 
Management Report 
1-30 
7. 
Audited consolidated financial statements of Citigroup Inc. as of 31 December 2019 and 
2018 and for the years ended 31 December 2019, 2018 and 2017, as set out in the Citigroup 
Inc. 2019 Form 10-K:  
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 
124-125 
B. 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
126-127 
C. 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
128-129 
D. 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
130-131 
E. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
132-292

--- Page 132 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMHI BASE PROSPECTUS 
104 
 
F. 
Report of Independent Registered Accounting Firm – Consolidated 
Financial Statements of Citigroup Inc. as of 31 December 2019 and 
2018 and for the years ended 31 December 2019, 2018 and 2017 
119-121 
8. 
Other information relating to Citigroup Inc., as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2019 Form 10-
K:  
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Description of the principal activities of Citigroup Inc. – Overview, 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations, Segment and Business – Income (Loss) and 
Revenues, Segment Balance Sheet and Off Balance Sheet 
Arrangements 
4-28 
B. 
Description of the principal markets in which Citigroup Inc. competes 
 
 
(i) 
Global Consumer Banking and Institutional Clients Group 
14-26 
 
(ii) 
Note 3 (Business Segments) to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
146 
C. 
Description of the principal investments of Citigroup Inc. – Note 13 
(Investments) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
177-189 
D. 
Description of trends and events affecting Citigroup Inc. 
 
 
(i) 
Overview, Management's Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and 
Business – Income (Loss) and Revenues, Segment Balance 
Sheet and Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 
4-28 
 
(ii) 
Capital Resources 
30-33 
 
(iii) 
Risk Factors 
46-55 
 
(iv) 
Significant Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates 
112-115 
 
(v) 
Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements 
132-144 
E. 
Description of litigation involving Citigroup Inc. 
276-282 
F. 
Risk Factors 
46-55 
G. 
Risk Management 
57-111 
9. 
The Quarterly Financial Data Supplement of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three months 
ended 31 March 2020, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q1 Form 8-K: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Press Release, dated 15 April 2020, issued by Citigroup Inc. 
Exhibit Number 99.1 
on pages 4-14 
B. 
Citigroup Inc. Quarterly Financial Data Supplement for the quarter 
ended 31 March 2020 
Exhibit Number 99.2 
on pages 15-42

--- Page 133 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMHI BASE PROSPECTUS 
105 
 
10. 
Unaudited interim financial information of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three months 
ended 31 March 2020, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q1 Form 10-Q:  
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 
88-89 
B. 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
90-91 
C. 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
92-93 
D. 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
94-95 
E. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
96-199 
11. 
Other information relating to Citigroup Inc., as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q1 Form 
10-Q: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Description of the principal activities of Citigroup Inc. - Overview, 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations, Segment and Business – Income (Loss) and 
Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
1-28 
B. 
Description of the principal markets in which Citigroup Inc. competes 
 
 
(i) 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and Business – 
Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
3-28 
 
(ii) 
Strategic Risk 
79-80 
 
(iii) 
Note 3 (Business Segments) to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
103 
C. 
Description of the principal investments of Citigroup Inc. – Note 12 
(Investments) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
117-126 
D. 
Description of trends and events affecting Citigroup Inc. 
 
 
(i) 
Citigroup Segments, Management's Discussion and Analysis 
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Segment 
and Business – Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment 
Balance Sheet 
2-28 
 
(ii) 
Significant Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates, 
Disclosure Controls and Procedures, Disclosure Pursuant to 
Section 219 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human 
Rights Act and Forward-Looking Statements 
81-86 
 
(iii) 
Note 1 (Basis of Presentation, Updated Accounting Policies 
and Accounting Changes) to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
96-101 
E. 
Description of litigation involving Citigroup Inc. – Note 23 
(Contingencies) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
192-193

--- Page 134 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMHI BASE PROSPECTUS 
106 
 
F. 
Risk Management – Managing Global Risk Table of Contents and 
Managing Global Risk 
44-80 
12. 
The Quarterly Financial Data Supplement of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three and six 
months ended 30 June 2020, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q2 Form 8-K: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Press Release, dated 14 July 2020, issued by Citigroup Inc. 
Exhibit Number 99.1 
on pages 4-15 
B. 
Citigroup Inc. Quarterly Financial Data Supplement for the quarter 
ended 30 June 2020. 
Exhibit Number 99.2 
on pages 16-44 
13. 
Unaudited interim financial information of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three and six 
months ended 30 June 2020, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q2 Form 10-Q: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 
100-101 
B. 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
102-103 
C. 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
104-105 
D. 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
106-107 
E. 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
108-224 
14. 
Other information relating to Citigroup Inc., as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q2 Form 
10-Q: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Description of the principal activities of Citigroup Inc. - 
Overview, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and Business – 
Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
1-31 
B. 
Description of the principal markets in which Citigroup Inc. 
competes 
 
 
(i)  
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and 
Business – Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment 
Balance Sheet 
3-31 
 
(ii) 
Strategic Risk 
88-89 
 
(iii)  
Note 3 (Business Segments) to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
111 
C. 
Description of the principal investments of Citigroup Inc. – Note 
12 (Investments) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
126-136 
D. 
Description of trends and events affecting Citigroup Inc. 
 
 
(i) 
Citigroup Segments, Management's Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, 
Segment and Business – Income (Loss) and Revenues and 
Segment Balance Sheet 
2-31

--- Page 135 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMHI BASE PROSPECTUS 
107 
 
 
(ii) 
Significant Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates, 
Disclosure Controls and Procedures, Disclosure Pursuant 
to Section 219 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria 
Human Rights Act and Forward-Looking Statements 
90-98 
 
(iii) 
Note 1 (Basis of Presentation, Updated Accounting 
Policies and Accounting Changes) to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements 
108-109 
E. 
Description of litigation involving Citigroup Inc. – Note 23 
(Contingencies) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
213-214 
F. 
Risk Management – Managing Global Risk Table of Contents and 
Managing Global Risk 
47-89 
15. 
Announcement relating to Citigroup Inc. as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 9 October 2020 
Form 8-K 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Consent Order, dated 7 October 2020, issued by the Board of 
Governors of the Federal Reserve System 
Exhibit Number 99.2 on 
pages 7-16 
B. 
Consent Order, dated 7 October 2020, issued by the Office of the 
Comptroller of the Currency 
Exhibit Number 99.3 on 
pages 17-52 
C. 
Consent Order, dated 7 October 2020, issued by the Office of the 
Comptroller of the Currency 
Exhibit Number 99.4 on 
pages 53-61 
16. 
The Quarterly Financial Data Supplement of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three and nine  
months ended 30 September 2020, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q3 Form 8-K: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Press Release, dated 13 October 2020, issued by Citigroup Inc. 
Exhibit Number 99.1 on 
pages 4-15 
B. 
Citigroup Inc. Quarterly Financial Data Supplement for the 
quarter ended 30 September 2020. 
Exhibit Number 99.2 on 
pages 16-43 
17. 
Unaudited interim financial information of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three and nine 
months ended 30 September 2020, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q3 Form 10-Q: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 
102-103 
B. 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
104-105 
C. 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
106-107 
D. 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
108-109 
E. 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
110-224 
18. 
Other information relating to Citigroup Inc., as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q3 Form 
10-Q: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Description of the principal activities of Citigroup Inc. - 
Overview, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
1-31

--- Page 136 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMHI BASE PROSPECTUS 
108 
 
Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and Business – 
Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
B. 
Description of the principal markets in which Citigroup Inc. 
competes 
 
 
(i) 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and 
Business – Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment 
Balance Sheet 
3-31 
 
(ii) 
Strategic Risk 
89-91 
 
(iii) 
Note 3 (Business Segments) to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements 
113 
C. 
Description of the principal investments of Citigroup Inc. – Note 
12 (Investments) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
127-137 
D. 
Description of trends and events affecting Citigroup Inc. 
 
 
(i)  
Citigroup Segments, Management's Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 
Operations, Segment and Business – Income (Loss) and 
Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
2-31 
 
(ii) 
Significant 
Accounting 
Policies 
and 
Significant 
Estimates, 
Disclosure 
Controls 
and 
Procedures, 
Disclosure Pursuant to Section 219 of the Iran Threat 
Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act and Forward-
Looking Statements 
92-100 
 
(iii) 
Note 1 (Basis of Presentation, Updated Accounting 
Policies and Accounting Changes) to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements 
110-111 
E. 
Description of litigation involving Citigroup Inc. – Note 23 
(Contingencies) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
213-214 
F. 
Risk Management – Managing Global Risk Table of Contents and 
Managing Global Risk 
47-91 
19. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes as contained in February 2016 CGMHI Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Section F.1 - General Conditions of the Notes 
315-353 
B. 
Section F.2 - Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
354-439 
20. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes as contained in February 2017 CGMHI 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Section F.1 - General Conditions of the Notes 
333-371 
B. 
Section F.2 - Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
372-602

--- Page 137 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMHI BASE PROSPECTUS 
109 
 
21. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes as contained in February 2018 CGMHI Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Section F.1 - General Conditions of the Notes 
339-378 
B. 
Section F.2 - Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
379-611 
22. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Securities as contained in January 2019 CGMHI 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Section F.1 - General Conditions of the Securities 
345-391 
B. 
Section F.2 - Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
392-628 
23. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Securities as contained in July 2019 CGMHI Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Section F.1 - General Conditions of the Securities 
378-428 
B. 
Section F.2 - Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
429-868 
24. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Securities as contained in May 2020 CGMHI Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus 
A. 
Section G.1 - General Conditions of the Securities 
267-316 
B. 
Section G.2 - Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
317-758 
In addition, all quarterly interim reports on Form 10-Q of Citigroup Inc., its Annual Report on Form 10-
K for fiscal years after 2019, all quarterly earnings releases on Form 8-K and any other reports filed by 
Citigroup Inc. with the SEC pursuant to section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the United States Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and the rules and regulations thereunder, subsequent to 
the date of the financial statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2019 Form 10-K and the Citigroup Inc. 
2020 Q1 Form 10-Q referred to above are and will be available to the public on the SEC's website 
(address: http://www.sec.gov). 
The CGMHI Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any documents 
incorporated by reference in it, any supplement to this Base Prospectus or the CGMHI Base Prospectus 
and any applicable Issue Terms. Any statement contained in this Base Prospectus or the CGMHI Base 
Prospectus or in any document incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or the CGMHI Base 
Prospectus shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purposes of this Base Prospectus or the 
CGMHI Base Prospectus to the extent that any supplement to this Base Prospectus or the CGMHI Base 
Prospectus or any other subsequently dated document incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
or the CGMHI Base Prospectus modifies or supersedes such statement. Any statement so modified or 
superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Base 
Prospectus or the CGMHI Base Prospectus. 
Where only certain parts of a document have been incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or 
the CGMHI Base Prospectus (as described in the table above), the information contained in other parts 
of such document are either not relevant for the investor or covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus or 
the CGMHI Base Prospectus.

--- Page 138 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMFL BASE PROSPECTUS 
110 
 
SECTION D.3 – DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMFL 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
The following documents which have previously been published and filed with the Luxembourg 
supervisory authority for the financial sector (Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier, the 
CSSF), the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or the Central Bank are incorporated in, and form part of, 
this Base Prospectus:  
(A) 
the annual report of CGMFL containing its audited non-consolidated financial statements for 
the period ended 31 December 2018 (the CGMFL 2018 Annual Report) (which is published 
on 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=RBNJmM9sRH3CKcfBucOylhBYMusiS+HTQ+WG4z4zSvVz77Yo
0KMeEIbUcYeyLNbFN7N0TVnfi6PGEd1cPKUsrOV0AvQDGdbjoelP5PEgADdAV6EbgcT
ksDgJ9gWtmfRE); 
(B) 
the annual report of CGMFL containing its audited non-consolidated financial statements for 
the period ended 31 December 2019 (the CGMFL 2019 Annual Report) (which is published 
on 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=qJ0mKQU+awcx7ZoDbm9VDYNyi1t82Ag/BWHzUtMplbstXECaQ
f8858uVjFidV81uUJPC6c0wR7qalaOJr7bL0VUIPXo08pio8weOXpbPPNa4/MFh7Jfci58+Oi
PWn2XkO2507xm+Tjvnuo9TfECawQvrwszJ6kW7KugH0tLNEiJuuelX5ue33oNppmzpseY9
PrFLapjbwDpsZ65YqOoKFg);  
(C) 
the interim financial report of CGMFL containing its unaudited non-consolidated interim 
financial statements as of and for the six months ended 30 June 2020 (the CGMFL 2020 
Interim 
Financial 
Report) 
(which 
is 
published 
on 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=uHNdQ2dRDfhStJNzhFx9qJxWdu5M2kOFtsu94pP6yE6S3+nnH8o
SxB8pgSjIE4iqNxamCTYwiwPggWLtMw0YVVMzr4fo4bcV+1NBEBYSm7GjlUHKx/Vbe2
g2O5eDa0jnx1HTvtyq+AHBFccPOsvI12VsCuPyp009ENL7X18bAbuPO4wCP9d5sVG1laiZ
EqEc);  
(D) 
the annual report of the CGMFL Guarantor containing its audited non-consolidated financial 
statements for the year ended 31 December 2018 (the CGMFL Guarantor 2018 Annual 
Report) 
(which 
is 
published 
on 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/2018%20CGML%20financial%20statements%20Unlinke
d%20for%20signing_9e36bb8c-4c83-44b8-b2f9-eedb15813b09.pdf); 
(E) 
the annual report of the CGMFL Guarantor containing its audited non-consolidated financial 
statements for the year ended 31 December 2019 (the CGMFL Guarantor 2019 Annual 
Report) 
(which 
is 
published 
on 
https://direct.euronext.com/announcementRNSDownload.aspx?rnsId=2da6d4c4-044a-4ec0-
a28f-
4721ed1be62a&rnsUrl=http://PPDXTSHF03001v.oad.exch.int:8090/_layouts/15/ExStream/Cr
mDocumentsView.aspx?folderURL=/sites/Market_Services/AnnouncementJobs/479fcd13-
3fde-ea11-80e2-005056bef332&isDlg=1); 
(F) 
the interim report of the CGMFL Guarantor containing its unaudited non-consolidated interim 
financial statements for the six months ended 30 June 2020 (the CGMFL Guarantor 2020 
Interim 
Report) 
(which 
is 
published 
on 
https://direct.euronext.com/announcementRNSDownload.aspx?rnsId=e89abc43-3666-4852-
a659-
ed8a0ae3903c&rnsUrl=http://PPDXTSHF03001v.oad.exch.int:8090/_layouts/15/ExStream/Cr
mDocumentsView.aspx?folderURL=/sites/Market_Services/AnnouncementJobs/fa40db7e-
7f22-eb11-80e5-005056bef332&isDlg=0031);  
(G) 
the Annual Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended 31 December 2019 filed 
with the SEC on 21 February 2020 (the Citigroup Inc. 2019 Form 10-K) (which is published 
on 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=PjfXninBGzql6WjKyKTvPQg1lHZGDP+2OGb8lttZN/XC6SWyVIP
7HU1BLgPYFls+2j0yEmkpqD48i8ebmBJzkxQcIZQ+KJTHUNnflwK3A0TRc/Bx3teuzz1bgf

--- Page 139 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMFL BASE PROSPECTUS 
111 
 
qEwMTv8+MULaUAxHx/LzPVXt1TNRRYI4FKmbO5GW7g5hcxAtDWd39+ztEMJtW+63
3c0/KOk9w0Q3ZWOpKUwfxTynl5yLDyw+563yyalgBDPBIH/vs); 
(H) 
the Citigroup Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on 15 April 2020 in 
connection with the publication of its Quarterly Financial Data Supplement for the quarter ended 
31 March 2020 (the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q1 Form 8-K) (which is published on 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=mNa9kRmZEFMzu1IDHYT6qVf2GxLJEnEIPoBw6c1tc10R068nb
mcmUxIV4y9Q+SYDjZcKBtPzGpKhKdk5COV1go/EOwpR+L0P4G7gYMQCQb3poH7Akg
FgI8ZyBIaPpy3o4Ztx6dFI+PD5HSTf4cayfTNLY7j2PVV0hAwEOkbLSVt4Nd9SMdMPd/Sr
RBFz3Xu7aY+0Ytn6UgxL7mY3rOEtNw); 
(I) 
the Quarterly Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 10-Q for the three months ended 31 March 2020 
filed with the SEC on 4 May 2020 (the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q1 Form 10-Q) (which is 
published 
on 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=AouHHqCrWkiMaR3GLgcu3W3IA8L9E+EAfXen8Pej28AUrDWql
Yxv4qOJBueHiSsBEx4WKcL4MS4idWJ90GLt60t1ZrLGvHSTTz0TJNGH0ev/GoSe3Is/vJy
R2BiPh1zm3rcvGgM0edSRvBMg5d6MhUaZI27ETBh3nZauubeLTZyroGHuyW92OulXJqzs
PFslAqmambQK4c2CdFy4ThkBW2qJEEhlbBu4Kz6Al68b6OM); 
(J) 
the Citigroup Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on 14 July 2020 in connection 
with the publication of its Quarterly Financial Data Supplement for the quarter ended 30 June 
2020 
(the 
Citigroup 
Inc. 
2020 
Q2 
Form 
8-K) 
(which 
is 
published 
on 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=2Hr+DrCkfGY2lhvAauy2jbq7n3mqXxOhdJoZuv0P+4MfIPh9GZjK
FozPR5YELKIUYOcKpEAiu1z7F8x7k/R9kTSc4nvGZo6Bxw5dRlRTkqqGjgd2/+yUOE9wT
iHeAvArj3ef4LLrJsBGJoi9KUHQVSspNtududY4cfC2Ji0Md+AZQfHze8nol0L7xrHnUjYOo
LHK5lVEm81s+7eTbYFi6A==); 
(K) 
the Quarterly Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 10-Q for the three and six months ended 30 June 
2020 filed with the SEC on 4 August 2020 (the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q2 Form 10-Q) (which is 
published 
on 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=kFbUu+tSfs6OGlHXa05SXASyWquyBVz2+0mWjRZC+k7HUJrFd
DMaTqIayEOm8lR2bdCuRZtJdwc+u7HWW36BdFBHX6l4Mjjr/mvpqW9ywGMa8TuzghLlt
CLz/l6aMhXMYmCwcU/tYuuJ1l0r+Up9M4o4vowKnhAsrgaju/NZesXgfKo/zCPL4WLFDX
5XURbUP06BNVw9tyrUEUt7eRXJ1hk4Q3VAwWatv7Pd8v3yU04=); 
(L) 
the Citigroup Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on 9 October 2020 in 
connection with an announcement of certain Consent Orders in respect of Citigroup Inc. and 
Citibank N.A. 1 (the Citigroup Inc. 9 October 2020 Form 8-K) (which is published on 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=MZTBWzyor8VGvDadXsnOSzIjgHic5XQvtVFG0I8By/YYlSqidnb
MybXsGX9f6lrfPt+Mw5kwQlCAZfXG8hPhhnNtkMzrL+obQ2DHAwVdK1lHARpY2XXO
RVvywHA09gyj8uIO92Kt5Y3EoswLmggD+c8p4lRLx5/EywZ2pGsPVDDj8j/CnkK4DRRfS
OWIC3W/mrfqODJdoIPWqYRtbFr7EZgxyaaofwsWEVKgWdbFV7CHi3zoLOqSwFwQXr
WK+QckvsGF+rYm+q4e2MB2lsN6A+YGDxw8IJtZ+tTuBR6VKMRA8V8KAp/4U92BlwC
lzC3IAbhGVe4Rl1nWTlA2Oi/0sWKJBnsCY9QreDwt5QM8TbL2m11BuffDceuYliSstL8gY
4OlO53VDjulxIaYi853RYt+oC2Jp5bKGdXnbaRdMCg=); 
(M) 
the Citigroup Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on 13 October 2020 in 
connection with the publication of its Quarterly Financial Data Supplement for the quarter ended 
30 September 2020 (the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q3 Form 8-K) (which is published on 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=2OSHWb3EcT2b+mRXjEyOQ0gvDzsiG+xFcRZMMXObuWE6RZ
gGcmYQXZGRRV/YuJnLc9V2VmywbleoebU4np1/jGTyunssqx2eq3euQpwXTZJwc32fHF
YBF4DEMR64ymh//FrNree2gMeTYwHEGKVlBauGg5jYPIauE1Tknxxv5CcggyiqzlyXjDrR
wLERFm9qpqOQ9QwYLY+XjLyF2MU0Zg==); 
 
1  
On 7 October 2020, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (Federal Reserve Board) and the Office of the Comptroller 
of the Currency (OCC) issued Consent Orders with Citigroup Inc. and Citibank, N.A., respectively. The Consent Orders require that 
Citigroup Inc. and Citibank , N.A. submit acceptable plans to the Federal Reserve Board and the OCC relating principally to 
improvements in various aspects of risk management, compliance, data quality management and governance, and internal controls. 
Citibank, N.A. also entered into a Consent Order with the OCC to pay a civil money penalty of U.S.$400 million.

--- Page 140 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMFL BASE PROSPECTUS 
112 
 
(N) 
the Quarterly Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 10-Q for the three and nine months ended 30 
September 2020 filed with the SEC on 4 November 2020 (the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q3 Form 
10-Q) 
(which 
is 
published 
on 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=q/NZKKVKh4n8E8jJ1tY0mvHZP/wbE/Cq7wJjpbRm2J5UZNIGgt2
K2Uyyg8jF360ocuUnNQ5sgOEJJQOcFshuC0/VCEn4tFjx7sgLVCvR95reyEiP61L5Zx8lcaJz
mIVLxYfUcz1jjIHkXo0py1oRDKdCJxanS0xBG1a7CIQGCoJapVps1BjHJUps0bwIObOnpht
VKbzSPD8hclxSOe+4FDzPIn7WXlDxX8IRx5vM0xs=);  
(O) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (comprising the "General Conditions of the Notes" and 
the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes") contained in the CGMFL Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 26 June 2013 (the June 2013 CGMFL Underlying 
Linked 
Notes 
Base 
Prospectus) 
(which 
is 
published 
on 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_b3876042-ab12-4fa4-a40e-
792aa6370c9d.PDF), as supplemented by a Base Prospectus Supplement No.1 dated 6 August 
2013 (which is published on http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_30edc11e-bd0c-
4aca-9647-59106ee9b0c3.PDF?v=1582015); 
(P) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (comprising the "General Conditions of the Notes" and 
the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes") contained in the CGMFL Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 25 September 2013 (the September 2013 CGMFL 
Underlying 
Linked 
Notes 
Base 
Prospectus) 
(which 
is 
published 
on 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_3b1e4730-2841-4293-96ca-
088347d09c58.pdf);  
(Q) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (comprising the "General Conditions of the Notes" and 
the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes") contained in the CGMFL Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 25 September 2014 (the September 2014 CGMFL 
Underlying 
Linked 
Notes 
Base 
Prospectus) 
(which 
is 
published 
on 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_6a488792-04a1-4079-bbcc-
770f136aab10.PDF?v=452015), as supplemented by a Base Prospectus Supplement No.1 dated 
28 
November 
2014 
(which 
is 
published 
on 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_e4eba409-e8d0-48d0-adc7-
c80d02c9972f.PDF?v=1582015) and a Base Prospectus Supplement No.3 dated 20 March 2015 
(which is published on http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_6fe83588-0699-4e9e-
8dad-3572a77ca43f.PDF?v=1582015); 
(R) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (comprising the "General Conditions of the Notes" and 
the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes") contained in the CGMFL Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 25 September 2015 (the September 2015 CGMFL 
Underlying 
Linked 
Notes 
Base 
Prospectus) 
(which 
is 
published 
on 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_d44d7aef-aa29-405a-84e7-
a22895ae5329.PDF?v=11112015);  
(S) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (comprising the "General Conditions of the Notes" and 
the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes") contained in the CGMFL Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 4 February 2016 (the February 2016 CGMFL 
Underlying 
Linked 
Notes 
Base 
Prospectus) 
(which 
is 
published 
on 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_c9098db9-d68b-41be-8e7f-
d2427d5b2110.PDF), as supplemented by a Base Prospectus Supplement No.1 dated 15 March 
2016 (which is published on http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_27d53627-6267-
4d5f-966c-bad013d4e7e6.PDF), a Base Prospectus Supplement No.3 dated 16 May 2016 
(which is published on http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_5e66558b-b1dc-4a2f-
9f1e-0f0d61bc273d.PDF) and a Base Prospectus Supplement No.6/7 dated 23 November 2016 
(which is published on http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_1b67850a-f09e-47f7-
b331-09b600a50559.PDF); 
(T) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (comprising the "General Conditions of the Notes" and 
the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes") contained in the CGMFL Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 3 February 2017 (the February 2017 CGMFL 
Underlying 
Linked 
Notes 
Base 
Prospectus) 
(which 
is 
published 
on 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_338ce64b-fa39-42db-81d4-

--- Page 141 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMFL BASE PROSPECTUS 
113 
 
5b98369f718e.PDF), as supplemented by a Base Prospectus Supplement No.1 dated 16 March 
2017 (which is published on http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_fccfd40b-2bb1-
4d03-9bf6-78bd10e9ea24.PDF), a Base Prospectus Supplement No.4 dated 25 July 2017 (which 
is published on http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Final%20Supplement_033b247e-2fb0-
464d-af45-d6df0a3f61d4.PDF) and a Base Prospectus Supplement No.6 dated 26 September 
2017 (which is published on https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_0a675935-df40-
4c1a-9a73-7135cb685137.PDF); 
(U) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (comprising the "General Conditions of the Notes" and 
the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes") contained in the CGMFL Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 2 February 2018 (the February 2018 CGMFL 
Underlying 
Linked 
Notes 
Base 
Prospectus) 
(which 
is 
published 
on 
http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_e19922fc-a896-490e-b8e3-
e272d9680065.PDF), as supplemented by a Base Prospectus Supplement No.1 dated 13 March 
2018 (which is published on http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_03c0ffdf-6e72-
4968-93b2-02e6093050a1.PDF), a Base Prospectus Supplement No.3 dated 11 May 2018 
(which is published on https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_b18d877b-ebae-484e-
956d-6c4608fd8ddb.PDF), a Base Prospectus Supplement No. 4 dated 30 July 2018 (which is 
published on 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_472ee193-ea45-4f80-9930-
86d4e37bc33f.PDF) and a Base Prospectus Supplement No.6 dated 5 September 2018 (which 
is published on http://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_c29d9514-efa3-442a-969c-
1c970e4cda26.pdf);  
(V) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Securities (comprising the "General Conditions of the 
Securities" and the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities") contained in the 
CGMFL Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 25 January 2019 (the January 2019 
CGMFL Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus) (which is published on 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_fbd95b51-848d-4f21-8310-
83cc41b7cef2.PDF), as supplemented by a Base Prospectus Supplement No.2 dated 11 March 
2019 (which is published on https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_f8c2dba2-b4f6-
493f-9515-adc4c4ea39ca.PDF);  
(W) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Securities (comprising the "General Conditions of the 
Securities" and the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities"), the Pro Forma 
Final Terms and the Pro Forma Pricing Supplement contained in the CGMFL Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 19 July 2019 (the July 2019 CGMFL Underlying Linked 
Notes 
Base 
Prospectus) 
(which 
is 
published 
on 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_76049f0d-79f3-40f7-aee3-
548371562d8f.PDF), as supplemented by a Base Prospectus Supplement No.6 dated 22 January 
2020 (which is published on https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_a344ffbb-f07a-
4447-a4e6-105afecd5721.PDF), a Base Prospectus Supplement No.7 dated 11 March 2020 
(which is published on https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_f7726694-ac81-44d6-
8c03-57ae6f953bba.PDF) and a Base Prospectus Supplement No. 8 dated 24 April 2020 (which 
is published on https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_6ad4c24b-83ef-4a7a-a852-
21845d189a9c.PDF); and 
(X) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Securities (comprising the "General Conditions of the 
Securities" and the "Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities"), the Pro Forma 
Final Terms and the Pro Forma Pricing Supplement contained in the CGMFL Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus dated 8 May 2020 (the May 2020 CGMFL Underlying Linked 
Notes 
Base 
Prospectus) 
(which 
is 
published 
on 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_d30b1bc3-202c-4a25-9a51-
398e0e22fb3b.PDF), as supplemented by a Base Prospectus Supplement No. 3 dated 13 October 
2020 (which is published on https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Supplements_38d15591-ec55-
41c8-8df2-49f268166394.PDF).  
Citigroup Inc. has not guaranteed, and is not otherwise liable for, the obligations of CGMFL or 
the CGMFL Guarantor in respect of Securities issued by CGMFL. Holders of Securities issued by 
CGMFL are subject to the credit risk of CGMFL and the CGMFL Guarantor, without recourse 
to Citigroup Inc. or any other party, and are dependent on the ability of CGMFL and the CGMFL 
Guarantor to make payments on their respective obligations as they become due.

--- Page 142 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMFL BASE PROSPECTUS 
114 
 
The following information appears on the pages of the relevant documents as set out below: 
1. 
Audited historical non-consolidated financial information of CGMFL in respect of the 
period ended 31 December 2018, as set out in the CGMFL 2018 Annual Report:  
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Statement of Profit or Loss and other Comprehensive Income 
1 
B. 
Statement of Financial Position 
2 
C. 
Statements of Changes in Equity 
3 
D. 
Cash Flow Statement 
4 
E. 
Notes to Financial Statements 
5-41 
F. 
Report on the financial statements by KPMG Luxembourg Société 
Coopérative (formerly KPMG Luxembourg S. à.r.l.) 
Twelfth to 
seventeenth pages of 
the published 
CGMFL 2018 
Annual Report 
2. 
Audited historical non-consolidated financial information of CGMFL in respect of the 
period ended 31 December 2019, as set out in the CGMFL 2019 Annual Report: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Statement of Profit or Loss and other Comprehensive Income 
1 
B. 
Statement of Financial Position 
2 
C. 
Statements of Changes in Equity 
3 
D. 
Statement of Cash Flows 
4 
E. 
Notes to Financial Statements 
5-46 
F. 
Report on the audit of the financial statements by KPMG 
Luxembourg Société Coopérative (formerly KPMG Luxembourg S. 
à.r.l.) 
Thirteenth to 
eighteenth pages of 
the published 
CGMFL 2019 
Annual Report 
3. 
Unaudited non-consolidated interim financial statements of CGMFL as of and for the six 
month period ended 30 June 2020, as set out in the CGMFL 2020 Interim Financial Report: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Condensed Interim Statement of Comprehensive Income 
7 
B. 
Condensed Interim Balance Sheet 
8 
C. 
Condensed Interim Statement of Changes in Equity 
9 
D, 
Condensed Interim Cash Flow Statement 
10 
E. 
Notes to Condensed Interim Financial Statements 
10-30 
4. 
Audited historical financial information of the CGMFL Guarantor in respect of the year 
ended 31 December 2018, as set out in the CGMFL Guarantor 2018 Annual Report: 
 
 
Page(s)

--- Page 143 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMFL BASE PROSPECTUS 
115 
 
A. 
Income Statement 
18 
B. 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
19 
C. 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
20 
D. 
Balance Sheet 
21 
E. 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
22-88 
F. 
Independent Auditor's Report to the members of CGML 
16-17 
5. 
Audited historical financial information of the CGMFL Guarantor in respect of the year 
ended 31 December 2019, as set out in the CGMFL Guarantor 2019 Annual Report: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Income Statement 
25 
B. 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
26 
C. 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
27 
D. 
Balance Sheet 
28 
E. 
Statement of Cash Flows 
29 
F. 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
30-94 
G. 
Independent Auditor's Report to the members of CGML 
23-24 
6. 
Unaudited interim financial information of the CGMFL Guarantor in respect of the six 
months ended 30 June 2020, as set out in the CGMFL Guarantor 2020 Interim Report: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Interim Income Statement 
10 
B. 
Interim Statement of Comprehensive Income 
11 
C. 
Interim Statement of Changes in Equity 
12 
D. 
Interim Balance Sheet 
13 
E. 
Statement of Cash Flows 
14 
F. 
Notes to the Interim Financial Statements 
15-32 
7. 
Audited consolidated financial statements of Citigroup Inc. as of 31 December 2019 and 
2018 and for the years ended 31 December 2019, 2018 and 2017, as set out in the Citigroup 
Inc. 2019 Form 10-K:  
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 
124-125 
B. 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
126-127 
C. 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
128-129 
D. 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
130-131 
E. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
132-292

--- Page 144 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMFL BASE PROSPECTUS 
116 
 
F. 
Report of Independent Registered Accounting Firm – Consolidated 
Financial Statements of Citigroup Inc. as of 31 December 2019 and 
2018 and for the years ended 31 December 2019, 2018 and 2017 
119-121 
8. 
Other information relating to Citigroup Inc., as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2019 Form 10-
K:  
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Description of the principal activities of Citigroup Inc. – Overview, 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations, Segment and Business – Income (Loss) and 
Revenues, Segment Balance Sheet and Off Balance Sheet 
Arrangements 
4-28 
B. 
Description of the principal markets in which Citigroup Inc. competes 
 
 
(i) 
Global Consumer Banking and Institutional Clients Group 
14-26 
 
(ii) 
Note 3 (Business Segments) to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements  
146 
C. 
Description of the principal investments of Citigroup Inc. – Note 13 
(Investments) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
177-189 
D. 
Description of trends and events affecting Citigroup Inc. 
 
 
(i) 
Overview, Management's Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and 
Business – Income (Loss) and Revenues, Segment Balance 
Sheet and Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 
4-28 
 
(ii) 
Capital Resources 
30-33 
 
(iii) 
Risk Factors 
46-55 
 
(iv) 
Significant Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates 
112-115 
 
(v) 
Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements 
132-144 
E. 
Description of litigation involving Citigroup Inc. 
276-282 
F. 
Risk Factors 
46-55 
G. 
Risk Management 
57-111 
9. 
The Quarterly Financial Data Supplement of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three months 
ended 31 March 2020, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q1 Form 8-K: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Press Release, dated 15 April 2020, issued by Citigroup Inc. 
Exhibit Number 99.1 
on pages 4-14 
B. 
Citigroup Inc. Quarterly Financial Data Supplement for the quarter 
ended 31 March 2020. 
Exhibit Number 99.2 
on pages 15-42 
10. 
Unaudited interim financial information of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three months 
ended 31 March 2020, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q1 Form 10-Q:  
 
 
Page(s)

--- Page 145 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMFL BASE PROSPECTUS 
117 
 
A. 
Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 
88-89 
B. 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
90-91 
C. 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
92-93 
D. 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
94-95 
E. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
96-199 
11. 
Other information relating to Citigroup Inc., as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q1 Form 
10-Q:  
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Description of the principal activities of Citigroup Inc. - Overview, 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations, Segment and Business – Income (Loss) and 
Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
1-28 
B. 
Description of the principal markets in which Citigroup Inc. competes 
 
 
(i) 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and Business – 
Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
3-28 
 
(ii) 
Strategic Risk 
79-80 
 
(iii) 
Note 3 (Business Segments) to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
103 
C. 
Description of the principal investments of Citigroup Inc. – Note 12 
(Investments) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
117-126 
D. 
Description of trends and events affecting Citigroup Inc. 
 
 
(i) 
Citigroup Segments, Management's Discussion and Analysis 
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Segment 
and Business – Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment 
Balance Sheet 
2-28 
 
(ii) 
Significant Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates, 
Disclosure Controls and Procedures, Disclosure Pursuant to 
Section 219 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human 
Rights Act and Forward-Looking Statements 
81-86 
 
(iii) 
Note 1 (Basis of Presentation, Updated Accounting Policies 
and Accounting Changes) to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
96-101 
E. 
Description of litigation involving Citigroup Inc. – Note 23 
(Contingencies) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
192-193 
F. 
Risk Management – Managing Global Risk Table of Contents and 
Managing Global risk 
44-80 
12. 
The Quarterly Financial Data Supplement of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three and six 
months ended 30 June 2020, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q2 Form 8-K: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Press Release, dated 14 July 2020, issued by Citigroup Inc. 
Exhibit Number 99.1

--- Page 146 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMFL BASE PROSPECTUS 
118 
 
on pages 4-15 
B. 
Citigroup Inc. Quarterly Financial Data Supplement for the quarter 
ended 30 June 2020. 
Exhibit Number 99.2 
on pages 16-44 
13. 
Unaudited interim financial information of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three and six 
months ended 30 June 2020, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q2 Form 10-Q: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 
100-101 
B. 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
102-103 
C. 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
104-105 
D. 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
106-107 
E. 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
108-224 
14. 
Other information relating to Citigroup Inc., as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q2 Form 
10-Q: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Description of the principal activities of Citigroup Inc. - Overview, 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations, Segment and Business – Income (Loss) and 
Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
1-31 
B. 
Description of the principal markets in which Citigroup Inc. competes 
 
 
(i) 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and Business – 
Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
3-31 
 
(ii) 
Strategic Risk 
88-89 
 
(iii) 
Note 3 (Business Segments) to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
111 
C. 
Description of the principal investments of Citigroup Inc. – Note 12 
(Investments) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
126-136 
D. 
Description of trends and events affecting Citigroup Inc. 
 
 
(i)  
Citigroup Segments, Management's Discussion and Analysis 
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Segment 
and Business – Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment 
Balance Sheet 
2-31 
 
(ii)  
Significant Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates, 
Disclosure Controls and Procedures, Disclosure Pursuant to 
Section 219 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human 
Rights Act and Forward-Looking Statements 
90-98 
 
(iii)  
Note 1 (Basis of Presentation, Updated Accounting Policies 
and Accounting Changes) to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
108-109 
E. 
Description of litigation involving Citigroup Inc. – Note 23 
(Contingencies) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
213-214

--- Page 147 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMFL BASE PROSPECTUS 
119 
 
F. 
Risk Management – Managing Global Risk Table of Contents and 
Managing Global Risk 
47-89 
15. 
Announcement relating to Citigroup Inc. as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 9 October 2020 
Form 8-K 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Consent Order, dated 7 October 2020, issued by the Board of 
Governors of the Federal Reserve System 
Exhibit Number 99.2 
on pages 7-16 
B. 
Consent Order, dated 7 October 2020, issued by the Office of the 
Comptroller of the Currency 
Exhibit Number 99.3 
on pages 17-52 
C. 
Consent Order, dated 7 October 2020, issued by the Office of the 
Comptroller of the Currency 
Exhibit Number 99.4 
on pages 53-61 
16. 
The Quarterly Financial Data Supplement of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three and nine  
months ended 30 September 2020, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q3 Form 8-K: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Press Release, dated 13 October 2020, issued by Citigroup Inc. 
Exhibit Number 99.1 
on pages 4-15 
B. 
Citigroup Inc. Quarterly Financial Data Supplement for the quarter 
ended 30 September 2020. 
Exhibit Number 99.2 
on pages 16-43 
17. 
Unaudited interim financial information of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three and nine 
months ended 30 September 2020, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q3 Form 10-Q: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 
102-103 
B. 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
104-105 
C. 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
106-107 
D. 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
108-109 
E. 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
110-224 
18. 
Other information relating to Citigroup Inc., as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q3 Form 
10-Q: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Description of the principal activities of Citigroup Inc. - Overview, 
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations, Segment and Business – Income (Loss) and 
Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
1-31 
B. 
Description of the principal markets in which Citigroup Inc. competes 
 
 
(i)  
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and Business 
– Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
3-31 
 
(ii) 
Strategic Risk  
89-91

--- Page 148 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMFL BASE PROSPECTUS 
120 
 
 
(iii)  
Note 3 (Business Segments) to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
113 
C. 
Description of the principal investments of Citigroup Inc. – Note 12 
(Investments) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
127-137 
D. 
Description of trends and events affecting Citigroup Inc. 
 
 
(i) 
Citigroup 
Segments, 
Management's 
Discussion 
and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, 
Segment and Business – Income (Loss) and Revenues and 
Segment Balance Sheet 
2-31 
 
(ii) 
Significant Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates, 
Disclosure Controls and Procedures, Disclosure Pursuant to 
Section 219 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human 
Rights Act and Forward-Looking Statements 
92-100 
 
(iii)  
Note 1 (Basis of Presentation, Updated Accounting Policies 
and Accounting Changes) to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
110-111 
E. 
Description of litigation involving Citigroup Inc. – Note 23 
(Contingencies) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
213-214 
F. 
Risk Management – Managing Global Risk Table of Contents and 
Managing Global Risk 
47-91 
19. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes as contained in June 2013 CGMFL Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Section F.1 – General Conditions of the Notes 
F-2 to F-37 
B. 
Section F.2 – Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
F-38 to F-195 
20. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes as contained in September 2013 CGMFL 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Section F.1 – General Conditions of the Notes 
F-2 to F-37 
B. 
Section F.2 – Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
F-38 to F-271 
21. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes as contained in September 2014 CGMFL 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Section F.1 - General Conditions of the Notes 
273-304 
B. 
Section F.2 - Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
305-524 
22. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes as contained in September 2015 CGMFL 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Section F.1 - General Conditions of the Notes 
288-320

--- Page 149 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMFL BASE PROSPECTUS 
121 
 
B. 
Section F.2 - Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
321-404 
23. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes as contained in February 2016 CGMFL Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Section F.1 - General Conditions of the Notes 
315-353 
B. 
Section F.2 - Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
354-439 
24. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes as contained in February 2017 CGMFL 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Section F.1 - General Conditions of the Notes 
333-371 
B. 
Section F.2 - Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
372-602 
25. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes as contained in February 2018 CGMFL Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Section F.1 - General Conditions of the Notes 
339-378 
B. 
Section F.2 - Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
379-611 
26. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Securities as contained in January 2019 CGMFL 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Section F.1 - General Conditions of the Securities 
345-391 
B. 
Section F.2 - Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
392-628 
27. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Securities, the Pro Forma Final Terms and the Pro 
Forma Pricing Supplement as contained in July 2019 CGMFL Underlying Linked Notes 
Base Prospectus: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Section F.1 – General Conditions of the Securities 
378-428 
B. 
Section F.2 – Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
429-868 
C. 
Section F.3 – Pro Forma Final Terms  
869-1048 
D. 
Section F.4 – Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
1049-1221 
28. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Securities, the Pro Forma Final Terms and the Pro 
Forma Pricing Supplement as contained in May 2020 CGMFL Underlying Linked Notes 
Base Prospectus: 
A. 
Section G.1 - General Conditions of the Securities 
267-316 
B. 
Section G.2 - Schedules to the Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
317-758 
C. 
Section G.3 – Pro Forma Final Terms 
759-942 
D. 
Section G.4 – Pro Forma Pricing Supplement 
943-1117

--- Page 150 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMFL BASE PROSPECTUS 
122 
 
In addition, all quarterly interim reports on Form 10-Q of Citigroup Inc., its Annual Reports on Form 10-
K for fiscal years after 2019, all quarterly earnings releases on Form 8-K and any other reports filed by 
Citigroup Inc. with the SEC pursuant to Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the United States Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), and the rules and regulations thereunder, subsequent to 
the date of the financial statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2019 Form 10-K and the Citigroup Inc. 
2020 Q1 Form 10-Q referred to above are and will be available to the public on the SEC's website 
(address: http://www.sec.gov). 
The CGMFL Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any documents 
incorporated by reference in it, any supplement to this Base Prospectus or the CGMFL Base Prospectus 
and any applicable Issue Terms. Any statement contained in this Base Prospectus or the CGMFL Base 
Prospectus or in any document incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or the CGMFL Base 
Prospectus shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purposes of this Base Prospectus or the 
CGMFL Base Prospectus to the extent that any supplement to this Base Prospectus or the CGMFL Base 
Prospectus or any other subsequently dated document incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
or the CGMFL Base Prospectus modifies or supersedes such statement. Any statement so modified or 
superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this Base 
Prospectus or the CGMFL Base Prospectus. 
Where only certain parts of a document have been incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or 
the CGMFL Base Prospectus (as described in the table above), the information contained in other parts 
of such document are either not relevant for the investor or covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus or 
the CGMFL Base Prospectus.

--- Page 151 ---
DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE FOR INSPECTION 
123 
 
SECTION D.4 - DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE FOR INSPECTION 
1. 
Copies of the latest annual report and audited consolidated financial statements of Citigroup Inc. 
and the latest quarterly interim unaudited consolidated financial statements of Citigroup Inc. 
may be obtained at the specified offices of each of the Fiscal Agent and the other Paying Agents 
during normal business hours so long as any of the Securities issued by Citigroup Inc. is 
outstanding. Copies of the latest annual report and audited consolidated financial statements of 
CGMHI and the latest half-yearly interim unaudited consolidated financial statements of 
CGMHI may be obtained at the specified offices of each of the Fiscal Agent and the other Paying 
Agents during normal business hours so long as any of the Securities issued by CGMHI is 
outstanding. Copies of the latest annual report and audited non-consolidated financial statements 
of CGMFL and the latest half-yearly interim unaudited non-consolidated report and financial 
statements of CGMFL may be obtained at the specified offices of each of the Fiscal Agent and 
the Paying Agents during normal business hours so long as any of the Securities issued by 
CGMFL is outstanding. Copies of the latest annual report and audited non-consolidated 
financial statements of the CGMFL Guarantor and the latest half–yearly interim unaudited non-
consolidated financial statements of the CGMFL Guarantor may be obtained at the specified 
offices of each of the Fiscal Agent and the other Paying Agents during normal business hours 
so long as any of the Securities issued by CGMFL is outstanding. Each of the above documents 
will be available on the website of Euronext Dublin at www.ise.ie and www.bourse.lu. 
2. 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus and, in respect of 
Securities listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, for as long as the Securities are so listed, 
copies of the following documents will be available as set out below: 
(i) 
the Restated Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws of Citigroup Inc., at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Compiled%20COI%20and%20by%20laws%20of
%20Citigroup%20Inc._ea4d4037-22fc-4fef-9db9-c588a9d0f052.pdf;  
(ii) 
the 
Restated 
Certificate 
of 
Incorporation 
and 
By-Laws 
of 
CGMHI, 
at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Cert%20of%20Incorp_By-
Laws%20of%20CGMHI%20(1)_787dc93d-0a67-450d-a470-7fe207534b95.pdf;  
(iii) 
the 
articles 
of 
incorporation 
of 
CGMFL, 
at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/CGMFL%20Articles%20of%20Association%20Se
ptember%202020_b2460df2-939c-49bd-8136-a736766b6469.PDF; 
(iv) 
the 
articles 
of 
association 
of 
the 
CGMFL 
Guarantor, 
at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/CGML%20Articles%20of%20Association_21fa09
2b-f7c7-488d-a700-4e1cbcd3fe44.pdf;  
(v) 
the 
CGMHI 
Deed 
of 
Guarantee, 
as 
amended 
or 
supplemented, 
at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Form%20of%20CGMHI%20Deed%20of%20Guar
antee_9f5f0fdc-0094-473d-a769-a4858a117fb1.pdf; and 
(vi) 
the 
CGMFL 
Deed 
of 
Guarantee, 
as 
amended 
or 
supplemented, 
at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Form%20of%20CGMFL%20Deed%20of%20Guar
antee_4926d700-aa0f-4b6f-a2c6-e1bfb8d5674c.pdf. 
3. 
In addition to the above, (i) an electronic copy of this Base Prospectus is, and all supplements 
to this Base Prospectus will be, available on the website of Euronext Dublin at www.ise.ie and 
www.bourse.lu, (ii) electronic copies of all the documents incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus are available on the websites specified in relation to each such document in the 
sections "Documents incorporated by reference for the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus", 
"Documents incorporated by reference for the CGMHI Base Prospectus" and "Documents 
incorporated by reference for the CGMFL Base Prospectus" above, as applicable, and (iii) 
electronic copies of any documents incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus by any 
supplement will be available from the website specified in relation to such document in the 
relevant supplement.

--- Page 152 ---
SUPPLEMENTS TO THE CITIGROUP INC. BASE PROSPECTUS, THE CGMHI BASE PROSPECTUS OR THE 
CGMFL BASE PROSPECTUS 
124 
 
SECTION D.5 - SUPPLEMENTS TO THE CITIGROUP INC. BASE PROSPECTUS, THE 
CGMHI BASE PROSPECTUS OR THE CGMFL BASE PROSPECTUS 
Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL and/or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may 
be will while the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus, the CGMHI Base Prospectus and/or the CGMFL Base 
Prospectus is valid in respect of Securities which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in 
the EEA or in the United Kingdom, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy relating to information included in the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus, the CGMHI Base 
Prospectus and/or the CGMFL Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any 
Securities, prepare a supplement to the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus, the CGMHI Base Prospectus 
and/or the CGMFL Base Prospectus, as the case may be, or publish a new Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus, 
CGMHI Base Prospectus and/or CGMFL Base Prospectus, as the case may be, for use in connection 
with any subsequent issue of Securities.  
Investors should note that a new Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus, CGMHI Base Prospectus and/or 
CGMFL Base Prospectus may be published during the Offer Period (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) of a Non-exempt Offer in the EEA or in the United Kingdom. In such circumstances, investors 
who have already agreed to purchase or subscribe for Securities under such Non-exempt Offer and before 
the date of the new Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus, CGMHI Base Prospectus and/or CGMFL Base 
Prospectus is published may have the right to withdraw their acceptances within the time period set out 
in such new Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus, CGMHI Base Prospectus and/or CGMFL Base Prospectus, 
as the case may be.  
Where the Securities are offered to the public in Switzerland, other than pursuant to an exemption under 
Article 36(1) FinSA or where such offer does not qualify as a public offer in Switzerland, investors in 
Switzerland who have already subscribed or agreed to purchase or subscribe for Securities before any 
supplement to the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus, the CGMHI Base Prospectus and/or the CGMFL Base 
Prospectus, as the case may be, or a new Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus, CGMHI Base Prospectus and/or 
CGMFL Base Prospectus, as the case may be, is published during the Offer Period (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms), have the right to withdraw their subscriptions and acceptances within a period 
of at least two days from the publication of such supplement or new Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus, 
CGMHI Base Prospectus and/or CGMFL Base Prospectus regardless of whether the Offer Period closes 
prior to the expiry of such two day period. Notwithstanding this, the Offer Period shall not be extended 
in such circumstances unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Such new Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus, CGMHI Base Prospectus and/or CGMFL Base Prospectus 
will be available for viewing on the website of Euronext Dublin (www.ise.ie) and on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).

--- Page 153 ---
INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUERS, THE CGMHI GUARANTOR AND THE CGMFL GUARANTOR 
125 
 
SECTION E – INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUERS, THE CGMHI GUARANTOR 
AND THE CGMFL GUARANTOR

--- Page 154 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP INC. 
126 
 
SECTION E.1 – DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP INC. 
Citigroup Inc. (Citi, the Company, or Citigroup) is a global diversified financial services holding 
company whose businesses provide consumers, corporations, governments and institutions with a broad, 
yet focused, range of financial products and services. Citigroup Inc. has approximately 200 million 
customer accounts and does business in more than 160 countries and jurisdictions. Citigroup Inc. is a 
bank holding company within the meaning of the U.S. Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 registered 
with, and subject to examination by, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal 
Reserve). Some of Citi's subsidiaries are subject to supervision and examination by their respective 
federal and state authorities. At 31 December 2019, Citigroup Inc. had approximately 200,000 full-time 
employees worldwide. 
Citigroup Inc.'s objects and purpose is to "engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations 
may be organized under the General Corporation Law of Delaware", as stated in Article THIRD of Citi's 
Restated Certificate of Incorporation. Citigroup currently operates, for management reporting purposes, 
via two primary business segments: Global Consumer Banking and Institutional Clients Group, with the 
remaining operations in Corporate/Other. Its businesses conduct their activities across the North 
America, Latin America, Asia and Europe, Middle East and Africa regions. Citigroup's principal 
subsidiaries are Citibank, N.A., Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and Grupo Financiero Banamex, S.A. de 
C.V., each of which is a wholly owned, indirect subsidiary of Citigroup. 
Citigroup Inc. is a holding company and services its obligations primarily by earnings from its operating 
subsidiaries. Citigroup Inc. may augment its capital through issuances of common stock, perpetual 
preferred stock and equity issued through awards under employee benefit plans, among other issuances. 
Citigroup Inc. and Citigroup Inc.'s subsidiaries that operate in the banking and securities businesses can 
only pay dividends if they are in compliance with the applicable regulatory requirements imposed on 
them by federal and state bank regulatory authorities and securities regulators in the United States. 
Citigroup Inc.'s subsidiaries may be party to credit agreements that also may restrict their ability to pay 
dividends. Citigroup Inc. currently believes that none of these regulatory or contractual restrictions on 
the ability of its subsidiaries to pay dividends will affect Citigroup Inc.'s ability to service its own debt. 
Citigroup Inc. must also maintain the required capital levels of a bank holding company, and must submit 
a capital plan, subjected to stress testing, to the Federal Reserve, to which the Federal Reserve does not 
object, before it may pay dividends on its stock. 
Under longstanding policy of the Federal Reserve, a bank holding company is expected to act as a source 
of financial strength for its subsidiary banks. As a result of this regulatory policy, the Federal Reserve 
might require Citigroup Inc. to commit resources to its subsidiary banks when doing so is not otherwise 
in the interests of Citigroup Inc. or its shareholders or creditors. 
Citi Resolution Plan (CSA, etc.) in relation to Securities issued by Citigroup Inc. 
On 15 December 2016, the Federal Reserve issued a final total loss-absorbing capacity (TLAC) rule that 
will require Citigroup Inc. to (i) maintain minimum levels of external TLAC and long-term debt and (ii) 
adhere to various "clean holding company" requirements. Citigroup Inc. continues to review and consider 
the implications of the final TLAC rule, including the impact of (w) the amount of its debt securities 
issued prior to 31 December 2016 that will benefit from the grandfathering provided by the final TLAC 
rule, (x) the effectiveness date of 1 January 2019 for all aspects of the final TLAC rule, (y) a new anti-
evasion provision that authorises the Federal Reserve to exclude from a holding company's outstanding 
eligible long-term debt any debt having certain features that would, in the Federal Reserve's view, 
"significantly impair" the debt's ability to absorb losses and (z) the consequences of any breach of the 
external long-term debt or clean holding company requirements. In response to the final TLAC rule, 
Citigroup Inc. has amended the Events of Default under the Securities, as required by the final TLAC 
rule. 
Under Title I of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the Dodd-
Frank Act), Citigroup Inc. has developed a "single point of entry" resolution strategy and plan under the 
U.S. Bankruptcy Code (the Resolution Plan). Under Citigroup Inc.'s Resolution Plan, only Citigroup 
Inc., the parent holding company, would enter into bankruptcy, while Citigroup Inc.'s material legal 
entities (as defined in the public section of its 2019 Resolution Plan, which can be found on the Federal 
Reserve and FDIC websites) would remain operational and outside of any resolution or insolvency 
proceedings. Citigroup Inc.'s Resolution Plan has been designed to minimize the risk of systemic impact

--- Page 155 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP INC. 
127 
 
to the U.S. and global financial systems, while maximizing the value of the bankruptcy estate for the 
benefit of Citigroup Inc.'s creditors. In addition, in line with the Federal Reserve's final total loss-
absorbing capacity (TLAC) rule, Citigroup Inc. believes it has developed the Resolution Plan so that in 
the event of a Citigroup Inc. bankruptcy or other resolution proceeding, Citigroup Inc.'s losses and any 
losses incurred by its subsidiaries would be imposed first on Citigroup Inc.'s shareholders and then on its 
unsecured creditors, including the holders of Securities issued by Citigroup Inc. Further, in a bankruptcy 
or other resolution proceeding of Citigroup Inc., any value realized by holders of any Securities issued 
by Citigroup Inc. may not be sufficient to repay the amounts owed on such Securities. For more 
information about the final TLAC rule and its consequences for debt securities, you should refer to the 
section "Managing Global Risk — Liquidity Risks — Long-Term Debt — Total Loss-Absorbing Capacity 
(TLAC)" in Citigroup Inc.'s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
In response to feedback received from the Federal Reserve and FDIC (together, the Agencies), Citigroup 
Inc. took the following actions:   
(i) 
Citicorp LLC (Citicorp), an existing wholly-owned subsidiary of Citigroup Inc., was 
established as an intermediate holding company (an IHC) for certain of Citigroup Inc.'s 
operating material legal entities; 
(ii) 
Citigroup Inc. executed an inter-affiliate agreement with Citicorp, Citigroup Inc.'s operating 
material legal entities and certain other affiliated entities pursuant to which Citicorp is required 
to provide liquidity and capital support to Citigroup Inc.'s operating material legal entities in the 
event Citigroup Inc. were to enter bankruptcy proceedings (the Citi Support Agreement); 
(iii) 
pursuant to the Citi Support Agreement: 
• 
Citigroup Inc. made an initial contribution of assets, including certain high-quality liquid 
assets and inter-affiliate loans (the Contributable Assets), to Citicorp, and Citicorp 
became the business as usual funding vehicle for Citigroup Inc.'s operating material legal 
entities; 
• 
Citigroup Inc. would be obligated to continue to transfer Contributable Assets to Citicorp 
over time, subject to certain amounts retained by Citigroup Inc. to, among other things, 
meet Citigroup Inc.'s near-term cash needs;  
• 
in the event of a Citigroup Inc. bankruptcy, Citigroup Inc. will be required to contribute 
most of its remaining assets to Citicorp; and  
(iv) 
the obligations of both Citigroup Inc. and Citicorp under the Citi Support Agreement, as well as 
the Contributable Assets, are secured pursuant to a security agreement. 
The Citi Support Agreement provides two mechanisms, besides Citicorp's issuing of dividends to 
Citigroup Inc., pursuant to which Citicorp will be required to transfer cash to Citigroup Inc. during 
business as usual so that Citigroup Inc. can fund its debt service — including payments due on Securities 
issued by Citigroup Inc. — as well as other operating needs: (i) one or more funding notes issued by 
Citicorp to Citigroup Inc.; and (ii) a committed line of credit under which Citicorp may make loans to 
Citigroup Inc. 
On 17 December 2019, the Agencies issued feedback on the resolution plans filed on 1 July 2019 by the 
eight U.S. G-SIBs, including Citigroup Inc. The Agencies identified one shortcoming, but no 
deficiencies, in Citigroup Inc.'s resolution plan relating to governance mechanisms. Citigroup Inc. 
submitted a plan to address the shortcoming, which the Agencies will take into account in determining 
the scope of Citigroup Inc.'s targeted resolution plan due on 1 July 2021. 
In addition to Citigroup Inc.'s required Resolution Plan under Title I of the Dodd-Frank Act, Title II of 
the Dodd-Frank Act grants the FDIC the authority, under certain circumstances, to resolve systemically 
important financial institutions, including Citigroup Inc. This resolution authority is commonly referred 
to as the FDIC's "orderly liquidation authority". Under the FDIC's stated preferred "single point of entry" 
strategy for such resolution, Citigroup Inc. would be placed in receivership; the unsecured long-term debt 
and shareholders of the parent holding company would bear any losses; and the operating subsidiaries 
would be recapitalized. The Securities may be fully subordinated to interests held by the U.S. government

--- Page 156 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP INC. 
128 
 
in the event of a receivership, insolvency, liquidation or similar proceeding with respect to Citigroup 
Inc., including a proceeding under the "orderly liquidity authority" provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act. 
Under the regulations of the Federal Reserve, a bank holding company is expected to act as a source of 
financial strength for its subsidiary banks. As a result of this regulatory policy, the Federal Reserve might 
require Citigroup Inc. to commit resources to its subsidiary banks when doing so is not otherwise in the 
interests of Citigroup Inc. or its shareholders or creditors. 
Citi Resolution Plan (CSA, etc.) in relation to Securities issued by Citigroup Global Markets Holdings 
Inc. 
Under Title I of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the Dodd-
Frank Act), Citigroup Inc. has developed a "single point of entry" resolution strategy and plan under the 
U.S. Bankruptcy Code (the Resolution Plan).  
Under Citigroup Inc.'s Resolution Plan, only Citigroup Inc., the parent holding company, would enter 
into bankruptcy, while Citigroup Inc.'s material legal entities (as defined in the public section of its 2019 
Resolution Plan, which can be found on the Federal Reserve and FDIC websites) would remain 
operational and outside of any resolution or insolvency proceedings. Citigroup Inc.'s Resolution Plan has 
been designed to minimize the risk of systemic impact to the U.S. and global financial systems, while 
maximizing the value of the bankruptcy estate for the benefit of Citigroup Inc.'s creditors. In addition, in 
line with the Federal Reserve's final total loss-absorbing capacity (TLAC) rule, Citigroup Inc. believes 
it has developed the Resolution Plan so that Citigroup Inc.'s shareholders and unsecured creditors – 
including creditors claiming under the Citigroup Inc. guarantee of Securities issued by CGMHI – bear 
any losses resulting from Citigroup Inc. bankruptcy or other resolution proceeding. For more information 
about the final TLAC rule and its consequences for debt securities, you should refer to the section 
"Managing Global Risk — Liquidity Risks — Long-Term Debt — Total Loss-Absorbing Capacity 
(TLAC)" in Citigroup Inc.'s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
In response to feedback received from the Federal Reserve and FDIC (together, the Agencies), Citigroup 
Inc. took the following actions:   
(i) 
Citicorp LLC (Citicorp), an existing wholly-owned subsidiary of Citigroup Inc., was 
established as an intermediate holding company (an IHC) for certain of Citigroup Inc.'s 
operating material legal entities; 
(ii) 
Citigroup Inc. executed an inter-affiliate agreement with Citicorp, Citigroup Inc.'s operating 
material legal entities and certain other affiliated entities pursuant to which Citicorp is required 
to provide liquidity and capital support to Citigroup Inc.'s operating material legal entities in the 
event Citigroup Inc. were to enter bankruptcy proceedings (the Citi Support Agreement);  
(iii) 
pursuant to the Citi Support Agreement: 
• 
Citigroup Inc. made an initial contribution of assets, including certain high-quality liquid 
assets and inter-affiliate loans (the Contributable Assets), to Citicorp, and Citicorp 
became the business as usual funding vehicle for Citigroup Inc.'s operating material legal 
entities; 
• 
Citigroup Inc. will be obligated to continue to transfer Contributable Assets to Citicorp 
over time, subject to certain amounts retained by Citigroup Inc. to, among other things, 
meet Citigroup Inc.'s near-term cash needs;  
• 
in the event of a Citigroup Inc. bankruptcy, Citigroup Inc. will be required to contribute 
most of its remaining assets to Citicorp; and  
(iv) 
the obligations of both Citigroup Inc. and Citicorp under the Citi Support Agreement, as well as 
the Contributable Assets, are secured pursuant to a security agreement.  
The Citi Support Agreement provides two mechanisms, besides Citicorp's issuing of dividends to 
Citigroup Inc., pursuant to which Citicorp will be required to transfer cash to Citigroup Inc. during 
business as usual so that Citigroup Inc. can fund its debt service as well as other operating needs: (i) one

--- Page 157 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP INC. 
129 
 
or more funding notes issued by Citicorp to Citigroup Inc.; and (ii) a committed line of credit under 
which Citicorp may make loans to Citigroup Inc. 
On 17 December 2019, the Agencies issued feedback on the resolution plans filed on 1 July 2019 by the 
eight U.S. G-SIBs, including Citigroup Inc. The Agencies identified one shortcoming, but no 
deficiencies, in Citigroup Inc.'s resolution plan relating to governance mechanisms. Citigroup Inc. 
submitted a plan to address the shortcoming, which the Agencies will take into account in determining 
the scope of Citigroup Inc.'s targeted resolution plan due on 1 July 2021. 
Under the terms and conditions of the Securities, a Citigroup Inc. bankruptcy, insolvency or resolution 
proceeding will not constitute an event of default with respect to any series of Securities issued by 
Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. Moreover, it will not constitute an event of default with respect 
to any series of Securities issued by Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. if the guarantee of the 
Securities by Citigroup Inc. (as CGMHI Guarantor) ceases to be (or is claimed not to be) in full force 
and effect for any reason, including by Citigroup Inc.'s insolvency or resolution. Should the Citigroup 
Inc. guarantee no longer be in effect, Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc., will become the sole 
obligor under its Securities, and there can be no assurance that it would be able to continue to meet its 
obligations under such Securities. 
In the event that Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. also enters bankruptcy, at the time of Citigroup 
Inc.'s bankruptcy filing or at a later time, you, as a holder of Securities issued by Citigroup Global 
Markets Holdings Inc. would be an unsecured creditor of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the Citigroup Inc. 
guarantee and, accordingly, you cannot be assured that the Citigroup Inc. guarantee would protect you 
against losses resulting from a default by Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. 
The principal offices for Citigroup Inc. are located at 388 Greenwich Street, New York, NY 10013, and 
its telephone number is + 1 212 559-1000. The website of Citigroup Inc. is www.citigroup.com. Unless 
specifically incorporated by reference herein, no information in such website should be deemed to be 
incorporated in, or form a part of, this Base Prospectus. Citigroup Inc. was established as a corporation 
incorporated in Delaware on 8 March 1988, registered at the Delaware Division of Corporations with 
perpetual duration pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law with file number 2154254. Citi's 
authorised capital stock consists of 6 billion shares of common stock and 30 million shares of preferred 
stock. As at 30 September 2020, there were 2,081,959,678 fully paid common stock shares outstanding 
and 719,200 fully paid preferred shares outstanding. A common stock share carries one vote, and no pre-
emptive or other subscription rights or conversion rights. A preferred stock share carries no general 
voting rights. 
No shareholder, or associated group of shareholders acting together, owns enough shares of Citigroup 
Inc.'s common stock to directly or indirectly exercise control over Citi.

--- Page 158 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP INC. 
130 
 
DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF CITIGROUP INC. 
The members of the board of directors of Citigroup Inc. are: 
Board of Directors 
 
Main duties outside Citigroup Inc. 
John C. Dugan 
 
- 
Michael L. Corbat 
 
- 
Diana L. Taylor 
 
Former Superintendent of Banks, State of New 
York 
Ernesto Zedillo Ponce de Leon 
 
Director, Center for the Study of Globalization; 
Professor 
in 
the 
Field 
of 
International 
Economics and Politics, Yale University 
Lew W. (Jay) Jacobs, IV 
 
Former President and Managing Director, 
Pacific Investment Management Company LLC 
(PIMCO) 
Peter Blair Henry 
 
Former Dean, New York University Stern 
School of Business 
Duncan P. Hennes 
 
Co-Founder and Partner, Atrevida Partners, 
LLC 
Gary M. Reiner 
 
Operating Partner, General Atlantic LLC 
James S. Turley 
 
Chairman and CEO (Retired), Ernst & Young 
Ellen M. Costello 
 
Former President and CEO (Retired), BMO 
Financial Corporation and Former U.S. Country 
Head of BMO Financial Group  
Renée J. James  
 
Chairman and CEO, Ampere Computing, 
Operating Executive, The Carlyle Group 
S. Leslie Ireland 
 
Former Assistant Secretary for Intelligence and 
Analysis, U.S. Department of the Treasury 
Deborah C. Wright 
 
Former Chairman, Carver Bancorp, Inc. 
Grace E. Dailey 
 
Former Senior Deputy Comptroller for Bank 
Supervision Policy and Chief National Bank 
Examiner, Office of the Comptroller of the 
Currency (OCC) 
Barbara Desoer 
 
- 
Alexander Wynaendts 
 
Former Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
of the Management and Executive Boards, 
Aegon N.V. 
Jane Fraser 
 
- 
The executive officers of Citigroup Inc. are: Peter Babej, Michael L. Corbat, Jane Nind Fraser, Bradford 
Hu, David Livingstone, Mark Mason, Mary McNiff, Karen Peetz, Jessica Roos, Edward Skyler, Ernesto 
Torres Cantu, Sara Wechter, Rohan Weerasinghe, Mike Whitaker and Paco Ybarra. The business address 
of each director and executive officer of Citigroup Inc. in such capacities is 388 Greenwich Street, New 
York, New York 10013.

--- Page 159 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP INC. 
131 
 
Citigroup Inc. is not aware of any conflicts of interest or potential conflicts of interest between the private 
interests and other duties of its senior management and the interests of Citigroup Inc. that would be 
material in the context of any issuance of Securities. 
Citigroup Inc. is in compliance with the laws and regulations of the United States relating to corporate 
governance. 
Committees of the Board of Directors 
The standing committees of Citigroup Inc.'s board of directors are: 
The audit committee, which assists the board in fulfilling its oversight responsibility relating to (i) the 
integrity of Citigroup Inc.'s consolidated financial statements, financial reporting process and systems of 
internal accounting and financial controls, (ii) the performance of the internal audit function, (iii) the 
annual independent integrated audit of Citigroup Inc.'s consolidated financial statements and 
effectiveness of Citigroup Inc.'s internal control over financial reporting, the engagement of the 
independent registered public accounting firm and the evaluation of the independent registered public 
accounting firm's qualifications, independence and performance, (iv) policy standards and guidelines for 
risk assessment and risk management, (v) Citigroup Inc.'s compliance with legal and regulatory 
requirements, including Citigroup Inc.'s disclosure controls and procedures, and (vi) the fulfilment of the 
other responsibilities set out in the audit committee's charter. 
The members of the audit committee are Ellen M. Costello, Grace E. Dailey, John C. Dugan, Duncan P. 
Hennes, Peter B. Henry, Lew W. (Jay) Jacobs, IV, James S. Turley and Deborah C. Wright. 
The risk management committee, which assists the board in fulfilling its responsibility for (i) oversight 
of Citigroup Inc.'s risk management framework, including the significant policies, procedures and 
practices used in managing credit, market, operational and certain other risks; (ii) oversight of Citigroup 
Inc.'s policies and practices relating to funding risk, liquidity risk and price risk, which constitute 
significant components of market risk, and risks pertaining to capital management; and (iii) oversight of 
the performance of the Fundamental Credit Risk credit review function. 
The members of the risk management and finance committee are Ellen M. Costello, Grace E. Dailey, 
Barbara Desoer, John C. Dugan, Duncan P. Hennes, S. Leslie Ireland, Lew W. (Jay) Jacobs, IV, Renée 
J. James, James S. Turley, Alexander R. Wynaendts and Ernesto Zedillo Ponce de León.  
The personnel and compensation committee, which is responsible for determining the compensation for 
the Chief Executive Officer and approving the compensation of other executive officers and other 
members of senior management. The committee is also responsible for approving the incentive 
compensation structure for other members of senior management and certain highly compensated 
employees (including discretionary incentive awards to covered employees as defined in applicable bank 
regulatory guidance), in accordance with guidelines established by the committee from time to time. The 
committee also has broad oversight of compliance with bank regulatory guidance governing Citigroup 
Inc.'s incentive compensation. 
The members of the personnel and compensation committee are John C. Dugan, Duncan P. Hennes, Lew 
W. (Jay) Jacobs, IV, Gary M. Reiner, Diana L. Taylor and Alexander R. Wynaendts.  
The nomination, governance and public affairs committee is responsible for (i) identifying individuals 
qualified to become Board members and recommending to the Board the director nominees for the next 
annual meeting of stockholders; (ii) leading the Board in its annual review of the Board's performance; 
(iii) recommending to the Board directors as to the composition for each committee for appointment by 
the Board; (iv) shaping corporate governance policies and practices and monitoring Citigroup Inc.'s 
compliance with such policies and practices; and (v) reviewing and approving all related party 
transactions. The committee also has responsibility for reviewing political and charitable contributions 
made by Citigroup Inc. and the Citigroup Foundation, reviewing Citigroup Inc.'s policies and practices 
regarding supplier diversity, reviewing Citigroup Inc.'s business practices and reviewing Citigroup Inc.'s 
sustainability policies and programs, including environmental, climate change and human rights. 
The members of the nomination, governance and public affairs committee are John C. Dugan, Peter B. 
Henry, Lew W. (Jay) Jacobs, IV, Diana L. Taylor and Ernesto Zedillo Ponce de Leon.

--- Page 160 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP INC. 
132 
 
The executive committee is responsible for acting on behalf of the Board if a matter requires Board action 
before a meeting of the full Board can be held. 
The members of the executive committee are Barbara Desoer, John C. Dugan, Duncan P. Hennes, Peter 
B. Henry, Lew W. (Jay) Jacobs, IV, Gary M. Reiner, Diana L. Taylor and James S. Turley.  
The operations and technology committee is responsible for oversight of the scope, direction, quality, 
and execution of Citigroup Inc.'s technology strategies formulated by management and providing 
guidance on technology as it may pertain to, among other things, Citigroup Inc. business products and 
technology platforms. 
The operations and technology committee is comprised of Barbara Desoer, S. Leslie Ireland, Renee J. 
James and Gary M. Reiner.  
The ethics, conduct and culture committee is responsible for (i) oversight of management's efforts to 
foster a culture of ethics within the organisation; (ii) oversight and shaping the definition of Citigroup 
Inc.'s value proposition; (iii) oversight of management's efforts to enhance and communicate Citigroup 
Inc.'s value proposition, evaluating management's progress, and providing feedback on these efforts; (iv) 
reviewing and assessing the culture of the organisation to determine if further enhancements are needed 
to foster ethical decision-making by employees; (v) oversight of management's efforts to support ethical 
decision making in the organisation, evaluating management's progress, and providing feedback on these 
efforts; and (vi) reviewing Citigroup Inc.'s Code of Conduct and the Code of Ethics for Financial 
Professionals. 
The members of the ethics, conduct and culture committee are Peter Blair Henry, Lew W. (Jay) Jacobs, 
IV, Deborah C. Wright and Ernesto Zedillo Ponce de León.  
Auditors 
The auditors of Citigroup Inc. are KPMG LLP of 345 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10154, United States 
of America. KPMG LLP is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and is 
regulated by the U.S. Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. 
KPMG LLP audited the consolidated balance sheets of Citigroup Inc. as of 31 December 2019 and 2018 
and the related consolidated statements of income, changes in stockholders' equity and cash flows for 
each of the years in the three-year period ended 31 December 2019. KPMG LLP expressed an unqualified 
opinion on such financial statements in its report dated 21 February 2020. 
Material Contracts 
Citigroup Inc. has no contracts that are material to its ability to fulfil its obligations under any Securities 
issued by it or CGMHI (as the case may be).  
Use of Proceeds 
The net proceeds of the issue of Securities by Citigroup Inc. will be used for general corporate purposes, 
which may include capital contributions to its subsidiaries and/or the reduction or refinancings of 
borrowings of Citigroup Inc. or its subsidiaries. Citigroup Inc. expects to incur additional indebtedness 
in the future. 
Corporate authorities 
Citigroup Inc. has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in the United States in 
connection with the establishment and update of the Programme, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and the 
issue and performance of the Securities. The update of the Programme and the issue of the Securities by 
Citigroup Inc. under the Programme was authorised by certificates of the Funding Approvers of 
Citigroup Inc. dated 11 February 2020 and pursuant to resolutions of the board of directors of Citigroup 
Inc. dated 16 January 2020.  The giving of the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee was authorised by a certificate 
of the Funding Committee of Citigroup Inc. dated 29 August 2018.  
Legal proceedings

--- Page 161 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP INC. 
133 
 
For a discussion of Citigroup Inc.'s material legal and regulatory matters, see (i) Note 27 to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2019 Form 10-K, (ii) Note 23 to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q1 Form 10-Q, (iii) Note 23 to 
the Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q2 Form 10-Q and (iv) Note 
23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q3 Form 10-Q. Save as 
disclosed in the documents referenced above, neither Citigroup Inc. nor any of its subsidiaries is involved 
in, or has been involved in, any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings that may have had, in the 
twelve months before the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position or 
profitability of Citigroup Inc. or Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries as a whole, nor, so far as Citigroup 
Inc. is aware, are any such proceedings pending or threatened. 
Significant change and material adverse change  
There has been no significant change in the financial or trading position of Citigroup Inc. or Citigroup 
Inc. and its subsidiaries as a whole since 30 September 2020 (the date of Citigroup Inc.'s most recently 
published unaudited interim financial statements), and there has been no material adverse change in the 
financial position or prospects of Citigroup Inc. or Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries as a whole since 31 
December 2019 (the date of Citigroup Inc.'s most recently published audited annual financial statements). 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of Citigroup Inc. or Citigroup Inc. and 
its subsidiaries as a whole since 30 September 2020 (the date of Citigroup Inc.'s most recently published 
unaudited interim financial statements) to the date of the Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus.

--- Page 162 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS HOLDINGS INC. 
134 
 
SECTION E.2 – DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS HOLDINGS INC. 
Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. (CGMHI), operating through its subsidiaries, engages in full-
service investment banking and securities brokerage business. As used in this description, CGMHI refers 
to CGMHI and its consolidated subsidiaries. CGMHI operates in the Institutional Clients Group business 
segment. 
CGMHI's parent, Citigroup Inc. (Citigroup or Citi) is a global diversified financial services holding 
company whose businesses provide consumers, corporations, governments and institutions with a broad, 
yet focused, range of financial products and services, including consumer banking and credit, corporate 
and investment banking, securities brokerage, trade and securities services and wealth management. Citi 
has approximately 200 million customer accounts and does business in more than 160 countries and 
jurisdictions. 
Citigroup currently operates, for management reporting purposes, via two business segments: Global 
Consumer Banking and Institutional Clients Group, with the remaining operations in Corporate/Other. 
The principal offices of CGMHI are located at 388 Greenwich Street, New York, NY 10013, telephone 
number +1 (212) 559-1000. CGMHI was incorporated in New York on 23 February 1977 and is the 
successor to Salomon Smith Barney Holdings Inc. On 7 April 2003, CGMHI filed a Restated Certificate 
of Incorporation changing its name from Salomon Smith Barney Holdings Inc. to Citigroup Global 
Markets Holdings Inc. CGMHI's Federal Employee Identification Number (FEIN or EIN) issued by the 
US Internal Revenue Service is 11-2418067. The website of CGMHI is www.citigroup.com. Unless 
specifically incorporated by reference herein, no information in such website should be deemed to be 
incorporated in, or form a part of, this Base Prospectus. 
Institutional Clients Group 
Institutional Clients Group (ICG) includes Banking and Markets and securities services. ICG provides 
corporate, institutional, public sector and high-net-worth clients around the world with a full range of 
wholesale banking products and services, including fixed income and equity sales and trading, foreign 
exchange, prime brokerage, derivative services, equity and fixed income research, corporate lending, 
investment banking and advisory services, private banking, cash management, trade finance and 
securities services. ICG transacts with clients in both cash instruments and derivatives, including fixed 
income, foreign currency, equity and commodity products.  
ICG revenue is generated primarily from fees and spreads associated with these activities. ICG earns fee 
income for assisting clients with transactional services and clearing and providing brokerage and 
investment banking services and other such activities. Such fees are recognized at the point in time when 
Citigroup's performance under the terms of a contractual arrangement is completed, which is typically at 
the trade/execution date or closing of a transaction. Revenue generated from these activities is recorded 
in Commissions and fees and Investment banking. Revenue is also generated from assets under custody 
and administration, which is recognized as/when the associated promised service is satisfied, which 
normally occurs at the point in time the service is requested by the customer and provided by Citi. 
Revenue generated from these activities is primarily recorded in Fiduciary fees. 
In addition, as a market maker, ICG facilitates transactions, including holding product inventory to meet 
client demand, and earns the differential between the price at which it buys and sells the products. These 
price differentials and the unrealized gains and losses on the inventory are recorded in Principal 
transactions (for additional information on Principal transactions revenue, see Note 3 to the CGMHI 
Consolidated Financial Statements included in the CGMHI 2019 Annual Report and Note 2 to the 
CGMHI Consolidated Financial Statements included in the CGMHI 2020 Half-Yearly Financial Report). 
The amount and types of Markets revenues are impacted by a variety of interrelated factors, including 
market liquidity; changes in market variables such as interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices, 
commodity prices and credit spreads, as well as their implied volatilities; investor confidence and other 
macroeconomic conditions. Assuming all other market conditions do not change, increases in client 
activity levels or bid/offer spreads generally result in increases in revenues. However, changes in market 
conditions can significantly impact client activity levels, bid/offer spreads and the fair value of product 
inventory. For example, a decrease in market liquidity may increase bid/offer spreads, decrease client 
activity levels and widen credit spreads on product inventory positions.

--- Page 163 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS HOLDINGS INC. 
135 
 
ICG's management of the Markets businesses involves daily monitoring and evaluation of the above 
factors at the trading desk as well as the country level. ICG does not separately track the impact on total 
Markets revenues of the volume of transactions, bid/offer spreads, fair value changes of product 
inventory positions and economic hedges because, as noted above, these components are interrelated and 
are not deemed useful or necessary individually to manage the Markets businesses at an aggregate level. 
In the Markets businesses, client revenues are those revenues directly attributable to client transactions 
at the time of inception, including commissions, interest or fees earned. Client revenues do not include 
the results of client facilitation activities (e.g., holding product inventory in anticipation of client demand) 
or the results of certain economic hedging activities.  
For more information on ICG's business activities, see "Institutional Clients Group" in the Citigroup Inc. 
2019 Form 10-K. 
ICG's international presence is supported by trading floors in approximately 80 countries and a 
proprietary network in 97 countries and jurisdictions. At 30 September 2020, ICG had $1.7 trillion in 
assets and $925 billion in deposits, while two of its businesses—securities services and issuer services—
managed $21.5 trillion in assets under custody compared to $20.3 trillion at 31 December 2019 and $20.4 
trillion at 30 June 2020. 
Description of corporate structure/governance 
Corporate system 
CGMHI is a corporation organised under the laws of the State of New York in the United States of 
America. To the best of its knowledge and belief, CGMHI complies with the federal laws and regulations 
of the United States and of the laws and regulations of New York State regarding corporate governance. 
Corporate objects 
CGMHI was "formed for the purpose of engaging in any lawful act or activity for which corporations 
may be organized under the Business Corporation Law" of New York, as stated in Article SECOND of 
CGMHI's Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 
Authorised and issued share capital 
CGMHI's authorised share capital is 1,000 Common Stock of par value $0.01 and 10,000,000 Preferred 
Stock of par value $1.00. CGMHI's issued share capital is 1,000 Common Stock which is fully paid up 
and held by Citigroup Inc. No Preferred Stock has been issued. 
Voting power of shareholders 
Subject to the provisions of any applicable law or except as otherwise provided by the resolution or 
resolutions providing for the issue of any series of Preferred Stock, the holders of outstanding shares of 
Common Stock shall exclusively possess voting power for the election of directors and for all other 
purposes, each holder of record of shares of Common Stock being entitled to one vote for each share of 
Common Stock standing in his name on the books of CGMHI. At present, CGMHI has a single 
shareholder of Common Stock being Citigroup Inc. and no holders of Preferred Stock. As such, the 
shareholder of Common Stock has a controlling vote with respect to all matters submitted to a 
shareholder vote. No Shareholder, or associated group of shareholders acting together, owns enough 
shares of Citigroup Inc.'s common stock to directly or indirectly exercise control over Citigroup Inc. 
Election of directors 
The directors of CGMHI are as follows: 
Name 
Title 
Scott L. Flood 
See below 
Shawn K. Feeney 
See below

--- Page 164 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS HOLDINGS INC. 
136 
 
Name 
Title 
The other officers of CGMHI are as follows: 
 
Name 
Title 
Shawn K. Feeney 
Chief Executive Officer/Chairman/President 
Daniel S. Palomaki 
Chief Financial Officer 
Daniel S. Palomaki 
Chief Accounting Officer 
Charles Marquardt 
Controller 
Gonzalo Martin 
Treasurer 
Victor Spadafora 
Assistant Treasurer 
Scott L. Flood 
General Counsel/Secretary 
Donald Bendernagel 
Assistant Secretary 
Sarah Blotner 
Assistant Secretary 
Robert F. Klein 
Assistant Secretary 
Stacey Berg Keller 
Assistant Secretary 
Myongsu Kong 
Assistant Secretary 
Moshe Malina 
Assistant Secretary 
Anne E. Moses 
Assistant Secretary 
Rachel Stine 
Assistant Secretary 
Ronny Ostrow 
Assistant Secretary 
Sofia Rahman 
Assistant Secretary 
Elizabeth Zidones 
Assistant Secretary 
 
The members of the Notes Committee of CGMHI are as follows: 
Notes Committee 
Stuart Crouch 
Faial Essa 
Gonzalo Martin 
Mark Mason 
Daniel S. Palomaki 
Michael Verdeschi 
The main duties outside CGMHI performed by the directors and officers listed above are not significant 
with respect to CGMHI. 
The business address of each director and officer of CGMHI is 388 Greenwich Street, New York, NY 
10013, United States of America.

--- Page 165 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS HOLDINGS INC. 
137 
 
There are no potential conflicts of interest existing between any duties owed to CGMHI by the senior 
management listed above and their private interests and/or other duties. 
Audit Committee 
CGMHI does not have an audit committee. 
Dividends 
Except as otherwise provided by the resolution or resolutions providing for the issue of any series of 
Preferred Stock, after payment shall have been made to the holders of Preferred Stock of the full amount 
of dividends to which they shall be entitled pursuant to the resolution or resolutions providing for the 
issue of any series of Preferred Stock, the holders of Common Stock shall be entitled, to the exclusion of 
the holders of Preferred Stock of any and all series, to receive such dividends as from time to time may 
be declared by the board of directors. At present, no series of Preferred Stock is issued and outstanding. 
Liquidation, dissolution or winding up; pre-emptive rights 
Except as otherwise provided by the resolution or resolutions providing for the issue of any series of 
Preferred Stock, in the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of CGMHI, whether voluntary 
or involuntary, after payment shall have been made to the holders of Preferred Stock of the full amount 
to which they shall be entitled pursuant to the resolution or resolutions providing for the issue of any 
series of Preferred Stock, the holders of Common Stock shall be entitled, to the exclusion of the holders 
of Preferred Stock of any and all series, to share rateably according to the number of shares of Common 
Stock held by them, in all remaining assets of CGMHI available for distribution. At present, no series of 
Preferred Stock is issued and outstanding. 
No shareholders shall be entitled to any pre-emptive rights in respect of any securities of CGMHI. 
Preferred stock 
The board of directors is authorised, subject to limitations prescribed by law and the provisions of the 
Restated Certificate of Incorporation, to provide for the issuance of the shares of Preferred Stock in series, 
and by filing a certificate pursuant to the applicable law of the State of New York, to establish from time 
to time the number of shares to be included in each such series, and to fix the designation, powers, 
preferences and rights of the shares of each such series and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions 
of such shares. 
Auditors  
CGMHI's annual accounts as of 31 December 2019 and 2018 and for the years ended 31 December 2019, 
2018 and 2017 were audited without qualification in accordance with generally accepted auditing 
standards in the United States by KPMG LLP, independent registered public accountants, 345 Park 
Avenue, New York, New York 10154. The auditors of CGMHI have no material interest in CGMHI. 
KPMG LLP is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and is regulated by 
the U.S. Public Company Accounting Oversight Board.  
Use of Proceeds 
A portion of the proceeds of any issue of Securities will be used by CGMHI and/or its subsidiaries for 
general corporate purposes, which include making a profit.  
Material Contracts 
CGMHI has no contracts that are material to its ability to fulfil its obligations under any Securities issued 
by it.  
Corporate Authorities 
The accession of CGMHI to the Programme was duly authorised by a resolution of the board of directors 
of CGMHI on 29 June 2018, as amended on 8 May 2020, and the update of the Programme has been

--- Page 166 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS HOLDINGS INC. 
138 
 
duly authorised by certificates of the Notes Committee of CGMHI dated 27 August 2018, 14 December 
2018, 9 July 2019, 8 May 2020 and on or about 18 December 2020.  
Legal proceedings 
For a discussion of CGMHI's material legal and regulatory matters, see Note 16 to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements included in the CGMHI 2019 Annual Report and Note 13 to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements included in the CGMHI 2020 Half-Yearly Financial Report. For a discussion of 
Citigroup Inc.'s material legal and regulatory matters, of which the matters discussed in Notes 16 and 13 
(as specified above) are a part, see (i) Note 27 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in the 
Citigroup Inc. 2019 Form 10-K, (ii) Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in the 
Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q1 Form 10-Q, (iii) Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in 
the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q2 Form 10-Q and (iv) Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
included in the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q3 Form 10-Q. Save as disclosed in the documents referenced above, 
neither CGMHI nor any of its subsidiaries is involved in, or has been involved in, any governmental, 
legal or arbitration proceedings that may have had in the twelve months before the date of the CGMHI 
Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of CGMHI or CGMHI and 
its subsidiaries taken as a whole, nor, so far as CGMHI is aware, are any such proceedings pending or 
threatened. 
Significant change and material adverse change  
There has been no significant change in the consolidated financial or trading position of CGMHI and its 
subsidiaries taken as a whole since 30 June 2020 (the date of the most recently published unaudited 
interim financial statements of CGMHI), and there has been no material adverse change in the financial 
position or prospects of CGMHI and its subsidiaries taken as a whole since 31 December 2019 (the date 
of the most recently published audited annual financial statements of CGMHI). 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of CGMHI and its subsidiaries as a 
whole since 30 June 2020 (the date of the most recently published unaudited interim financial statements 
of CGMHI) to the date of the CGMHI Base Prospectus.

--- Page 167 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS FUNDING LUXEMBOURG S.C.A. 
139 
 
SECTION E.3 – DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS FUNDING 
LUXEMBOURG S.C.A. 
Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. (CGMFL) was incorporated as a corporate 
partnership limited by shares (société en commandite par actions) on 24 May 2012 under the laws of 
Luxembourg, including the law of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies as amended from time to 
time (the Companies Act 1915) for an unlimited duration with its registered office at 31, Z.A. 
Bourmicht, L-8070 Bertrange, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and is registered with the Register of Trade 
and Companies of Luxembourg (Registre de commerce et des sociétés, Luxembourg) under number B 
169.199. CGMFL has been established for the purpose, among others, of granting loans or other forms 
of funding directly or indirectly in whatever form or means to any entities in the same group. 
As of 15 December 2020, the issued share capital of CGMFL is two million one hundred and seventy 
one Euro (EUR 2,000,171) divided into:  
• 
one (1) share with a nominal value of one Euro (EUR1.-) (action de commandité, the Unlimited 
Share) held by Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg GP S.à r.l., a private limited 
liability company (société à responsabilité limitée) incorporated under the laws of Luxembourg, 
having its registered office at 31, Z.A. Bourmicht L-8070 Bertrange, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg, having a share capital of twenty-seven thousand and five hundred Euro 
(EUR27,500) and registered with the Register of Trade and Companies of Luxembourg under 
number B 169.149 (the Unlimited Shareholder);  
• 
one million nine hundred ninety-nine thousand nine hundred ninety-nine (1,999,999) limited 
ordinary shares with a nominal value of one Euro (EUR1.-) each (actions de commanditaire, 
the Limited Shares) held (i) by the Unlimited Shareholder for one (1) Limited Share and (ii) 
by Citigroup Global Markets Limited (CGML), a private limited company, incorporated under 
the laws of the United Kingdom, having its registered office at Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, 
Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom, registration number 1763297 for one 
million nine hundred ninety-nine thousand nine hundred ninety-eight (1,999,998) Limited 
Shares (the Limited Shareholders and together with the Unlimited Shareholder the 
Shareholders); and 
• 
one hundred and seventy one (171) classes of limited preference shares with a nominal value of 
one Euro (EUR1.-) each held by CGML. 
CGMFL is managed by Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg GP S.à r.l. The Board of 
Managers (as defined below) provides independent management of CGMFL. CGMFL is a wholly owned 
indirect subsidiary of Citigroup Inc. No shareholder, or associated group of shareholders acting together, 
owns enough shares of Citigroup Inc.'s common stock to directly or indirectly exercise control over 
Citigroup Inc. 
CGMFL's registered office is situated at 31, Z.A. Bourmicht, L-8070 Bertrange, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg and the telephone number is +352 45 14 14 447. The website of CGMFL is 
www.citigroup.com. Unless specifically incorporated by reference herein, no information in such 
website should be deemed to be incorporated in, or form a part of, this Base Prospectus. 
The amended and restated articles (statuts coordonnés) of CGMFL dated 17 January 2020, dated 20 
February 2020, dated 13 March 2020, dated 20 March 2020, dated 20 April 2020, dated 20 May 2020, 
dated 9 July 2020, dated 12 August 2020 and dated 14 September 2020 (the Articles) have been 
published in the "Recueil Électronique des Sociétés et Associations" on 27 March 2020, on 3 June 2020, 
on 5 June 2020, on 10 June 2020, on 1 September 2020, on 22 September 2020, on 4 November 2020 
and on 12 November 2020. The Articles have been further amended by a notarial deed dated 16 October 
2020, which has been published in the "Recueil Électronique des Sociétés et Associations" on 13 
November 2020. The Articles have been further amended by a notarial deed dated 8 November 2020 and 
by a notarial deed dated 27 November 2020, which have not yet been published in the "Recueil 
Électronique des Sociétés et Associations" as of the date of this Base Prospectus. The up-to-date Articles 
and notarial deeds (once published in the "Recueil Électronique des Sociétés et Associations") will be 
available at www.lbr.lu.

--- Page 168 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS FUNDING LUXEMBOURG S.C.A. 
140 
 
Management of CGMFL 
CGMFL is managed by Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg GP S.à r.l. in its capacity as 
manager (the Corporate Manager). 
The following table sets forth the names of the members of the board of managers of the Unlimited 
Shareholder being the Corporate Manager (the Board of Managers) as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus: 
• 
Ms. Alberta Brusi, with professional address at 31, Z.A. Bourmicht L-8070 Bertrange, Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg; 
• 
Mr. Vincent Mazzoli, with professional address at 31, Z.A. Bourmicht L-8070 Bertrange, Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg; and 
• 
Mr. Jonas Bossau, with professional address at 31, Z.A. Bourmicht L-8070 Bertrange, Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg. 
Alberta Brusi is the Citi Country Officer (CCO) for Luxembourg and Head of Operations and 
Technology for the Benelux cluster. 
She joined Citi in December 1996, in the Italy Financial Control team. She was responsible for the Capital 
Markets business reporting and US legal entity regulatory reporting for Institutional Client Group (ICG). 
She transferred to Citi London in 2003 and was given the responsibility for ICG Finance oversight of 
Western Europe, comprising eighteen countries with responsibility as Controller for the Benelux 
franchises. In late 2005 she returned to Milan to become Chief of Staff to the Citi Country Officer for 
Italy. In 2012, she expanded her responsibilities and was appointed Chief Administrative Officer and 
Operations and Technology head for the country. 
Alberta Brusi has a Bachelor of Arts degree in Classical Literature and a Bachelor of Commerce after 
degree, both from University of Alberta, and Edmonton Canada. 
Alberta Brusi was appointed as Manager on 10 September 2015 for an unlimited duration. 
Vincent Mazzoli has been with Citigroup for over 23 years and has had several responsibilities in 
Operations, Investor Services, product, control and governance. He is a member of the EMEA Issuance 
Solutions team within the Multi-Asset Group. 
Vincent Mazzoli is a board member of Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg GP S.à r.l. 
Vincent Mazzoli was appointed as Manager on 19 March 2015 for an unlimited duration. 
Vincent Mazzoli holds a degree and a master degree in Finance and Banking from the University of 
Liège (Belgium). 
Jonas Bossau has been with Citi in Luxembourg for over 30 years. 
Since 2008 he has been in charge of the Luxembourg Client Executive team responsible for managing 
some of the largest institutional custody and fund administration clients of Citi in Luxembourg. Jonas 
was instrumental in creating and implementing the Global Custody product offering in Citi Luxembourg. 
Jonas Bossau was appointed as Manager on 20 July 2018 for an unlimited duration. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest existing between any duties owed to CGMFL by the board of 
managers listed above and their private interests and/or other duties. There are no principal activities 
performed by the board of managers outside of CGMFL which are significant with respect to CGMFL. 
Principal activities 
As set out in Clause 4 in the Articles of CGMFL, the corporate object of CGMFL is the granting of loans 
or other forms of funding directly or indirectly in whatever form or means to any entities belonging to 
the same group (e.g. including, but not limited to, by subscription of bonds, debentures, other debt

--- Page 169 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS FUNDING LUXEMBOURG S.C.A. 
141 
 
instruments, advances, the granting of pledges or the issuing of other guarantees of any kind to secure 
the obligations of any entities, through derivatives or otherwise).  
CGMFL may finance itself in whatever form including, without limitation, through borrowing or through 
issuance of listed or unlisted notes and other debt or equity instruments, convertible or not (e.g. including 
but not limited to bonds, notes, loan participation notes, subordinated notes, promissory notes, certificates 
and warrants) including under stand-alone issues, medium term note and commercial paper programmes. 
CGMFL may also: 
(i) 
grant security for funds raised, including notes and other debt or equity instruments issued, and 
for the obligations of CGMFL; and 
(ii) 
enter into all necessary agreements, including, but not limited to underwriting agreements, 
marketing agreements, management agreements, advisory agreements, administration 
agreements and other contracts for services, selling agreements, deposit agreements, fiduciary 
agreements, hedging agreements, interest and/or currency exchange agreements and other 
financial derivative agreements, bank and cash administration agreements, liquidity facility 
agreements, credit insurance agreements and any agreements creating any kind of security 
interest. 
In addition to the foregoing, CGMFL can perform all legal, commercial, technical and financial 
investments or operations and, in general, all transactions which are necessary or useful to fulfil its 
objects as well as all operations connected directly or indirectly to facilitating the accomplishment of its 
purpose in all areas described above. 
CGMFL's Articles and Luxembourg law however prohibit it from entering into any transaction which 
would constitute a regulated activity of the financial sector or require a business licence under 
Luxembourg law without due authorisation under Luxembourg law. 
CGMFL grants loans and other forms of funding to entities belonging to the same group and therefore 
competes in any market in which the Group has a presence.  
Corporate Governance 
No corporate governance regime to which CGMFL would be subject exists in Luxembourg as of the date 
of this Base Prospectus. 
Share Capital 
As of 15 December 2020, CGMFL has a share capital of two million one hundred and seventy one Euro 
(EUR 2,000,171), represented by two million one hundred and seventy one (2,000,171) shares, divided 
into (i) one million nine hundred ninety-nine thousand nine hundred ninety-nine (1,999,999) Limited 
Shares, (ii) one (1) Unlimited Share and (iii) one hundred and seventy one (171) classes of limited 
preference shares (the Preference Shares), each having a nominal value of one Euro (EUR1). 500,000 
of the limited shares and the unlimited share have been partly paid up and the Preference Shares have 
been fully paid up, for an amount of five hundred and seventeen thousand two hundred and sixty eight 
Euro and twenty cents (EUR 517,268.20). 
 
Limited 
Shares: 
Unlimited 
Share: 
Preference 
Share: 
Subscription 
Price in Euro: 
Citigroup 
Global 
Markets 
Funding 
Luxembourg GP S.à.r.l. 
1 
- 
- 
0.25 
 
 
1 
 
0.25 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
1,999,998 
- 
- 
499,999.50 
 
- 
- 
171 
17,268.20 
Total Shares/Subscription Price 
1,999,999 
1 
171 
517,268.20 
Total Capitalisation: 
EUR 2,000,171 
 
 
 
 
CGMFL has an authorised capital of one hundred thousand Euro (EUR 100,000) represented by a 
maximum of one hundred thousand (100,000) limited preference shares, having a nominal value of one 
Euro (EUR 1) each and which may be divided into different classes. As of 15 December 2020, ninety

--- Page 170 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS FUNDING LUXEMBOURG S.C.A. 
142 
 
nine thousand nine hundred and eighty one Euro (EUR 99,981) of such authorised capital remains 
available. 
Approved Statutory Auditor (Réviseur d'entreprises agréé) and financial year 
CGMFL's approved statutory auditor (réviseur d'enterprises agréé) is KPMG Luxembourg Société 
Coopérative (formerly KPMG Luxembourg S.à r.l) incorporated and existing under Luxembourg law, 
having its registered office at 39, avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg and registered with the 
Register of Commerce and Companies of Luxembourg (Registre de commerce et des sociétés, 
Luxembourg) under number B 149 133 (KPMG Luxembourg), who has been re-appointed for a period 
of five (5) years until the 2022 audit by a resolution of the sole shareholder of CGMFL dated 3 May 
2018. KPMG Luxembourg is a member of the Institut des Réviseurs d'Entreprises. 
CGMFL's fiscal year starts on 1 January and ends on 31 December each year, except for the first fiscal 
year that started on the date of incorporation of CGMFL and ended on 31 December 2012. 
KPMG Luxembourg audited the CGMFL 2019 Annual Report and the CGMFL 2018 Annual Report in 
accordance with Directive 2014/56/EU and Regulation (EU) 537/2014. KPMG Luxembourg expressed 
an unqualified opinion on the CGMFL 2019 Annual Report and the CGMFL 2018 Annual Report.  
Taxation 
CGMFL is subject to the tax laws of Luxembourg on income and does not have any special tax status. It 
is, therefore, in principle entitled to the benefits of tax treaties concluded between the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg and other countries (subject to the acceptance of such contracting states). 
Employees 
CGMFL has no employees. 
Accounts 
CGMFL prepares annual and half-yearly non-consolidated accounts. The first annual accounts were 
prepared in respect of the period from the date of its incorporation to 31 December 2012 in accordance 
with the Articles and were published by CGMFL on 7 June 2013. 
In accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act 1915, CGMFL will publish its audited annual 
accounts on an annual basis following approval of the annual accounts by the annual general meeting of 
the Shareholders. 
Any future published audited annual accounts or unaudited half-yearly accounts prepared for CGMFL 
will be obtainable free of charge from the registered office of CGMFL in Luxembourg, as described in 
the section entitled "Documents Available for Inspection". 
Material Contracts 
Apart from any agreements entered into by it in connection with the Programme or the Citi Regulation 
S Warrant Programme, CGMFL has not entered into any material contracts other than in the ordinary 
course of its business. 
Use of Proceeds 
The net proceeds of the issue of Securities by CGMFL will be used primarily to grant loans or other 
forms of funding to Citigroup Global Markets Limited and any entity belonging to the same group, and 
may be used to finance CGMFL itself. 
Corporate authorities 
The issuance of the Securities by CGMFL and any other relevant corporate actions in relation to the 
issuance of the Securities have been authorised pursuant to resolutions of the board of managers of the 
Corporate Manager of CGMFL, among others, on 26 June 2013, 24 September 2013, 24 September 2014, 
25 September 2015, 16 December 2015, 3 February 2016, 14 June 2016, 16 December 2016, 18 January

--- Page 171 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS FUNDING LUXEMBOURG S.C.A. 
143 
 
2017, 20 December 2017, 15 January 2018, 23 January 2019, 17 July 2019, 19 December 2019, 9 April 
2020, 8 May 2020, 7 December 2020 and 11 December 2020.  
Legal proceedings 
For a discussion of Citigroup Inc.'s material legal and regulatory matters, see (i) Note 27 to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2019 Form 10-K, (ii) Note 23 to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q1 Form 10-Q, (iii) Note 23 to 
the Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q2 Form 10-Q and (iv) Note 
23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q3 Form 10-Q. Save as 
disclosed in the documents referenced above, CGMFL has not been involved in any governmental, legal 
or arbitration proceedings that may have had, in the twelve months preceding the date of the CGMFL 
Base Prospectus, a significant effect on CGMFL's financial position or profitability nor, so far as CGMFL 
is aware, are any such proceedings pending or threatened. 
Significant change and material adverse change 
There has been no significant change in the financial or trading position of CGMFL since 30 June 2020 
(the date of its most recently published unaudited interim financial statements) and there has been no 
material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of CGMFL since 31 December 2019 (the 
date of its most recently published audited annual financial statements). 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of CGMFL since 30 June 2020 (the 
date of its most recently published unaudited interim financial statements) to the date of the CGMFL 
Base Prospectus. 
All Monies Guarantee Granted by CGML 
On 11 May 2017 CGML granted a guarantee (the form of which is set out in Section E.5 below) under 
which CGML unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees payment of all sums payable by CGMFL in 
respect of any liability of CGMFL of any kind and in any currency (whether present or future, actual or 
contingent and whether incurred alone or jointly with another) together with all the charges, commission, 
interest and expenses payable by CGMFL in connection with the relevant liability (the All Monies 
Guarantee). The All Monies Guarantee constitutes direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of CGML and ranks and will rank pari passu (subject to mandatorily preferred debts under 
applicable laws) with all other outstanding, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of CGML. 
While the All Monies Guarantee given by CGML will cover cash payment obligations of CGMFL under 
its Securities, the All Monies Guarantee does not materially change the position of Securityholders as all 
obligations of CGMFL in connection with the Securities are already guaranteed by CGML under the 
existing CGMFL Deed of Guarantee. The All Monies Guarantee is without prejudice to, and does not 
affect in any way, the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee or CGML's obligations under the CGMFL Deed of 
Guarantee.

--- Page 172 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS LIMITED 
144 
 
SECTION E.4 – DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS LIMITED 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited (CGML) is a private company limited by shares and was incorporated 
in England and Wales on 21 October 1983. CGML operates under the laws of England and Wales, 
including the Companies Act, and is domiciled in England. Its registered office is at Citigroup Centre, 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB and its telephone number is +44 (0)207 986 4000. The 
registration number of CGML is 01763297 on the register maintained by Companies House. The website 
of CGML is www.citigroup.com. Unless specifically incorporated by reference herein, no information 
in such website should be deemed to be incorporated in, or form a part of, this Base Prospectus. 
Directors of CGML 
The directors of CGML are: 
Name 
Position at CGML 
Diana Lancaster Taylor 
Director 
James David Kempster Bardrick 
Director  (CEO) 
Leonardo Arduini 
Director 
Richard Frank Goulding 
Director 
Cyrus Ardalan 
Director (Chairman) 
Francis Michael Mannion 
Director 
Deepak Jain 
Director 
The business address of each director of CGML in his or her capacity as such is Citigroup Centre, Canada 
Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB. There are no potential conflicts of interest existing between 
any duties owed to CGML by the board of directors listed above and their private interests and/or other 
duties. There are no principal activities performed by the directors outside of CGML which are 
significant with respect to CGML. 
Principal activities 
CGML is a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of Citigroup Inc. and has a major international presence as 
a dealer, market maker and underwriter in equity, fixed income securities and commodity markets, as 
well as providing advisory services to a wide range of corporate, institutional and government clients. It 
is headquartered in London, and operates globally. CGML is authorised by the Prudential Regulation 
Authority (PRA) and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) and the PRA.  
Corporate Governance 
To the best of its knowledge and belief, CGML complies with the laws and regulations of England 
regarding corporate governance. 
Share capital of CGML and major shareholders  
As at 31 December 2019, the fully paid-up issued share capital of CGML was U.S.$ 1,499,626,620 made 
up of 1,499,626,620 ordinary shares of a par value of U.S.$1 each. 
All of the issued share capital of CGML is owned by Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Bahamas 
Limited (100 per cent.), which is an indirect subsidiary of Citigroup Inc. No shareholder or associated 
group of shareholders acting together owns enough shares of Citigroup Inc.'s common stock to directly 
or indirectly exercise control over Citigroup Inc.  
Auditor of CGML 
CGML's auditor is KPMG LLP, having its registered office at 15 Canada Square, London E14 5GL. 
KPMG LLP is regulated by the Financial Reporting Council. KPMG are members of the UK's chartered

--- Page 173 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS LIMITED 
145 
 
accountants' professional body, ICAEW, of Chartered Accountants' Hall, Moorgate Place, London, 
EC2R 6EA. 
KPMG LLP audited the financial statements of CGML for the fiscal years ended 31 December 2019 and 
31 December 2018 in accordance with Directive 2014/56/EU and Regulation (EU) 537/2014 and 
expressed an unqualified opinion on such financial statements in its reports dated 10 April 2019 and 24 
April 2020.  
Material Contracts 
CGML has no contracts that are material to its ability to fulfil its obligations under any Securities issued 
by CGMFL.  
Corporate authorities 
CGML has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in England in connection with 
the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee.  
Significant change and material adverse change 
There has been (i) no significant change in the financial or trading position of CGML or CGML and its 
subsidiaries as a whole since 30 June 2020 (the date of its most recently published unaudited interim 
financial statements) and (ii) no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of CGML 
or CGML and its subsidiaries as a whole since 31 December 2019 (the date of its most recently published 
audited annual financial statements). 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of CGML and its subsidiaries as a 
whole since 30 June 2020 (the date of its most recently published unaudited interim financial statements) 
to the date of the CGMFL Base Prospectus. 
Legal proceedings 
For a discussion of Citigroup Inc.'s material legal and regulatory matters, see (i) Note 27 to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2019 Form 10-K, (ii) Note 23 to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q1 Form 10-Q, (iii) Note 23 to 
the Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q2 Form 10-Q and (iv) Note 
23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q3 Form 10-Q. Save as 
disclosed in the documents referenced above, CGML is not and has not been involved in any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or 
threatened of which CGML is aware) in the twelve months preceding the date of the CGMFL Base 
Prospectus which may have or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position or 
profitability of CGML or CGML and its subsidiaries as a whole.

--- Page 174 ---
FORM OF CGMFL ALL MONIES GUARANTEE 
146 
 
SECTION E.5 – FORM OF CGMFL ALL MONIES GUARANTEE 
THIS DEED OF GUARANTEE is made on 11 May 2017 by Citigroup Global Markets Limited (the 
Guarantor) in favour of each Beneficiary (as defined below). 
NOW THIS DEED WITNESSES as follows: 
1. 
DEFINITIONS 
As defined herein: 
Beneficiary means any person who is owed any sum or amount which is due and payable by 
CGMFL under or in respect of any Liability; 
CGMFL means Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A.; 
Liabilities means all the liabilities of CGMFL of any kind and in any currency (whether present 
or future, actual or contingent and whether incurred alone or jointly with another) together with 
all the charges, commission, interest and expenses payable by CGMFL in connection with the 
relevant liability; and 
Taxes includes all present and future income and other taxes, levies, duties, imposts, deductions 
charges, fees and withholdings, in each case as imposed or levied by or on behalf of the United 
Kingdom, together with interest thereon and penalties with respect thereto (if any). 
Where the context so admits, the singular includes the plural and vice versa. Headings are for 
convenience of reference only. 
2. 
DEED OF GUARANTEE 
Subject as provided herein, the Guarantor irrevocably and unconditionally guarantees by way 
of deed poll to each Beneficiary that if, for any reason, CGMFL does not pay any sum payable 
by it to such Beneficiary under or in respect of any Liability including any premium or any other 
amounts of whatever nature or additional amounts which may become payable under the 
foregoing as and when the same shall become due and payable under any of the foregoing, the 
Guarantor will duly and promptly pay to such Beneficiary on the request of such Beneficiary 
the sum or the amount payable by CGMFL to or for such Beneficiary. 
3. 
GUARANTOR AS PRINCIPAL OBLIGOR 
Without affecting CGMFL's obligations, the Guarantor will be liable under this Deed of 
Guarantee as if it were the sole principal obligor and not merely a surety. Accordingly, it will 
not be discharged, nor will its liability be affected, by anything which would not discharge it or 
affect its liability if it were the sole principal obligor (including (a) any time, indulgence, waiver 
or consent at any time given to CGMFL or any other person, (b) any amendment to any Liability 
or to any security or other guarantee or indemnity, (c) the making or absence of any demand on 
CGMFL or any other person for payment, (d) the enforcement or absence of enforcement of any 
Liability or of any security or other guarantee or indemnity, (e) the release of any such security, 
guarantee or indemnity, (f) the dissolution, amalgamation, reconstruction or reorganisation of 
CGMFL or any other person, (g) the illegality, invalidity or unenforceability of or any defect in 
any provision of any Liability or any of CGMFL's obligations under or in respect of a Liability 
or (h) any other act, event or omission which but for this sub-Clause might operate to discharge, 
impair or otherwise affect the obligations expressed to be assumed by the Guarantor herein or 
any of the rights, powers or remedies conferred upon the Beneficiaries or any of them by this 
Deed of Guarantee or by law). 
4. 
GUARANTOR'S OBLIGATIONS CONTINUING 
The Guarantor's obligations under this Deed of Guarantee are irrevocable and are and will 
remain in full force and effect by way of continuing security in respect of any outstanding 
Liabilities. Furthermore, these obligations of the Guarantor are additional to, and not instead of, 
any security or other guarantee or indemnity at any time existing in favour of a Beneficiary,

--- Page 175 ---
FORM OF CGMFL ALL MONIES GUARANTEE 
147 
 
whether from the Guarantor or otherwise. The Guarantor irrevocably waives all notices and 
demands whatsoever. 
5. 
REPAYMENT TO CGMFL 
If any payment or amount received by a Beneficiary is, on the subsequent liquidation or 
insolvency of CGMFL, avoided under any laws relating to liquidation or insolvency, such 
payment will not be considered as having discharged or diminished the liability of the Guarantor 
and this Deed of Guarantee will continue to apply as if such payment or amount had at all times 
remained owing by CGMFL. 
6. 
INDEMNITY 
As a separate and alternative stipulation, the Guarantor unconditionally and irrevocably agrees 
that any sum amount expressed to be payable by CGMFL under or in respect of any Liability 
but which is for any reason (whether or not now known or becoming known to CGMFL, the 
Guarantor or any Beneficiary) not recoverable from the Guarantor on the basis of a guarantee 
will nevertheless be recoverable from it as if it were the sole principal debtor and will be paid 
by it to the Beneficiary on the request of such Beneficiary subject as provided herein. This 
indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation from the other obligations in this 
Deed of Guarantee, gives rise to a separate and independent cause of action and will apply 
irrespective of any indulgence granted by any Beneficiary. 
7. 
STATUS OF DEED OF GUARANTEE 
This Deed of Guarantee shall take effect as a deed poll for the benefit of each Beneficiary from 
time to time and for the time being, each of which shall be entitled severally to enforce this Deed 
of Guarantee against the Guarantor. The payment obligations of the Guarantor under this Deed 
of Guarantee constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
Guarantor and rank and will at all times at least rank pari passu with all other unsecured and 
unsubordinated outstanding obligations of the Guarantor, save for such obligations as may be 
preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general application. 
8. 
SETTLEMENT CONDITIONAL 
Any settlement or discharge between the Guarantor and the Beneficiaries or any of them shall 
be conditional upon no payment to the Beneficiaries or any of them by the Guarantor or any 
other person on the Guarantor's behalf being avoided or reduced by virtue of any laws relating 
to bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or similar laws of general application for the time being 
in force and, in the event of any such payment being so avoided or reduced, the Beneficiaries 
shall be entitled to recover the amount by which such payment is so avoided or reduced from 
the Guarantor subsequently as if such settlement or discharge had not occurred PROVIDED 
THAT such recovery is not contrary to any law applicable thereto. 
9. 
NO PRIOR ACTION REQUIRED 
No Beneficiary shall be obliged before exercising any of the rights, powers or remedies 
conferred upon it by this Deed of Guarantee or by law: 
(a) 
to make any demand of CGMFL; 
(b) 
to take any action or obtain judgment in any court against CGMFL; or 
(c) 
to make or file any claim or proof in a winding-up or dissolution of CGMFL, 
and the Guarantor hereby expressly waives presentment, demand, protest and notice of 
dishonour in respect of each Liability. 
10. 
POSTPONEMENT OF GUARANTOR'S RIGHTS 
The Guarantor agrees that, so long as any sums and or amounts are or may be owed by CGMFL 
under or in respect of the Liabilities or CGMFL is under any other actual or contingent

--- Page 176 ---
FORM OF CGMFL ALL MONIES GUARANTEE 
148 
 
obligation thereunder or in respect thereof, the Guarantor will not exercise any right which the 
Guarantor may at any time have by reason of the performance by the Guarantor of its obligations 
hereunder: 
(a) 
to claim any contribution from any other guarantor of CGMFL's obligations under or 
in respect of the Liabilities; 
(b) 
to take the benefit (in whole or in part) of any security enjoyed in connection with the 
Liabilities by any Beneficiary; or 
(c) 
to be subrogated to the rights of any Beneficiary against CGMFL in respect of amounts 
paid by the Guarantor under this Deed of Guarantee. 
11. 
TAXATION 
All payments by the Guarantor under or in connection with this Deed of Guarantee shall be 
made free and clear of and without deduction for or on account of all Taxes. All Taxes in respect 
of this Deed of Guarantee and payments thereunder shall be for the account of and shall be paid 
by the Guarantor for its own account prior to the date on which penalties attach thereto. If the 
Guarantor is compelled by law to make payment subject to any Tax and a Beneficiary does not 
actually receive for its own benefit on the due date the full amount provided for hereunder, the 
Guarantor will pay all necessary additional amounts to ensure receipt by the Beneficiary of the 
full amount so provided for. The Guarantor will indemnify each Beneficiary in respect of all 
such Taxes. 
12. 
POWER TO EXECUTE 
The Guarantor hereby warrants, represents and covenants with each Beneficiary that it has all 
corporate power, and that it has taken all necessary corporate or other steps, to enable it to 
execute, deliver and perform this Deed of Guarantee, and that this Deed of Guarantee constitutes 
a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Guarantor in accordance with its terms. 
13. 
NO SET-OFF OR COUNTERCLAIM 
All payments to be made by the Guarantor under this Deed of Guarantee will be calculated and 
be made without (and free and clear of any deduction for) set-off or counterclaim. 
14. 
PRODUCTION OF DEED OF GUARANTEE 
The Guarantor hereby acknowledges the right of every Beneficiary to the production of, and the 
right of every Beneficiary to obtain (upon payment of a reasonable charge) a copy of, this Deed 
of Guarantee, and further acknowledges and covenants that the obligations binding upon it 
contained herein are owed to, and shall be for the account of, each and every Beneficiary, and 
that each Beneficiary shall be entitled severally to enforce the said obligations against the 
Guarantor. 
15. 
STAMP DUTIES 
The Guarantor shall pay all stamp, registration and other taxes and duties (including any interest 
and penalties thereon or in connection therewith) which are payable upon or in connection with 
the execution and delivery of this Deed of Guarantee, and shall indemnify each Beneficiary 
against any claim, demand, action, liability, damages, cost, loss or expense (including, without 
limitation, legal fees and any applicable value added tax) which it incurs as a result or arising 
out of or in relation to any failure to pay or delay in paying any of the same. 
16. 
PARTIAL INVALIDITY 
If at any time any provision thereof is or becomes illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any respect 
under the laws of any jurisdiction, neither the legality, validity or enforceability of the remaining 
provisions hereof nor the legality, validity or enforceability of such provision under the laws of 
any other jurisdiction shall in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

--- Page 177 ---
FORM OF CGMFL ALL MONIES GUARANTEE 
149 
 
17. 
NOTICES 
All notices, demands and other communications to the Guarantor hereunder shall be made in 
writing (by letter) and shall be sent to the Guarantor at: 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf 
London, El4 5LB 
England 
Attention: 
Company Secretary 
or to such other address or for the attention of such other person or department as the Guarantor 
has notified to the Beneficiaries. 
Every notice, demand or other communication sent in accordance with this Clause 17 shall be 
effective upon receipt by the Guarantor PROVIDED THAT any such notice, demand or other 
communication which would otherwise take effect on a day which is not a business day in the 
place of the Guarantor or after 4.00 p.m. on any particular day shall not take effect until 10.00 
a.m. on the immediately succeeding business day in the place of the Guarantor. 
18. 
GOVERNING LAW 
This Deed of Guarantee and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
this Deed of Guarantee are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
19. 
RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES 
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to 
enforce any term of this Deed of Guarantee, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any 
person which exists or is available apart from that Act. 
20. 
JURISDICTION 
The English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute including a dispute relating 
to non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with this Deed of Guarantee.

--- Page 178 ---
FORM OF CGMFL ALL MONIES GUARANTEE 
150 
 
IN WITNESS whereof the Guarantor has caused this Deed of Guarantee to be duly executed on the day 
and year first above mentioned. 
Executed as a deed 
by CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS LIMITED 
acting by 
) 
) 
) 
acting under the authority of that 
company, in the presence of: 
 
Witness's Signature: 
 
Name: 
 
Address:

--- Page 179 ---
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
151 
 
SECTION E.6 – ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES – CITIGROUP INC. 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES (CITIGROUP INC. 2019 FORM 10-K) 
The Citigroup Inc. 2019 Form 10-K contains certain alternative performance measures (APMs). For 
further details on the components of the APMs, how these APMs are calculated, an explanation of why 
such APMs provide useful information for investors and a reconciliation to the nearest equivalent US 
GAAP measures, please see references to "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" in the Citigroup Inc. 2019 
Form 10-K and the table below: 
APM 
Explanation of Why Use of APM 
Provides Useful Information 
Citigroup Inc. 2019 Form 10-K 
Page Reference for Basis of 
Calculation, 
Components, 
Reconciliation and Comparatives 
to Previous Reporting Periods 
Results 
of 
Operations 
Excluding the impact of Foreign 
Exchange 
Translation 
(FX 
Translation) 
Citi believes the presentation of 
its 
results 
of 
operations 
excluding the impact of FX 
Translation provides a more 
meaningful 
depiction 
for 
investors of the underlying 
fundamentals of its businesses. 
Pages 6, 7, 8,15, 18, 19, 20, 21, 
25, 82, 86 and 94  
Results 
of 
Operations 
Excluding Impact of Gains on 
Sale 
Citi believes the presentation of 
its 
results 
of 
operations 
excluding the impact of gains 
on 
sale 
provides 
a 
more 
meaningful 
depiction 
for 
investors of the underlying 
fundamentals of its businesses. 
Pages 6, 7 and 19 
Results 
of 
Operations 
Excluding the Impact of Tax 
Reform 
Citi believes the presentation of 
the results excluding the impact 
of Tax Reform provides a 
meaningful 
depiction 
for 
investors of the underlying 
fundamentals of its businesses. 
Pages 45 and 115 
Tangible 
Common 
Equity, 
Tangible Book Value per Share 
and 
Return 
on 
Tangible 
Common Equity 
Citi 
believes 
these 
capital 
metrics 
provide 
alternative 
measures of capital strength and 
performance that are commonly 
used by investors and industry 
analysts. 
Pages 11, 45 and 115 
Results 
of 
Operations 
Excluding 
the 
Impact 
of 
Gains/(Losses) 
 
on 
Loan 
Hedges 
Citi believes the presentation of 
its 
results 
of 
operations 
excluding 
the 
impact 
of 
gains/(losses) on loan hedges 
related to accrual loans provides 
a more meaningful depiction for 
investors of the underlying 
fundamentals of its businesses. 
Pages 7, 24 and 25

--- Page 180 ---
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
152 
 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES (CITIGROUP INC. 2020 Q1 FORM 8-K) 
The Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q1 Form 8-K contains certain alternative performance measures (APMs).  For 
further details on the components of the APMs, how these APMs are calculated, an explanation of why 
such APMs provide useful information for investors and a reconciliation to the nearest equivalent US 
GAAP measures, please see references to "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" in the Citigroup Inc. 2020 
Q1 Form 8-K  and the table below: 
APM 
Explanation of Why Use of APM 
Provides Useful Information 
Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q1 Form 8-K 
Page Reference for Basis of 
Calculation, 
Components, 
Reconciliation and Comparatives 
to Previous Reporting Periods 
Results 
of 
Operations 
Excluding the impact of Foreign 
Exchange Translation 
Citi believes the presentation of 
its 
results 
of 
operations 
excluding the impact of FX 
translation provides a more 
meaningful 
depiction 
for 
investors of the underlying 
fundamentals of its businesses. 
Exhibit 99.1, pages 3 and 4, 
Appendix B on page 9 and 
footnote 7 on page 11; and 
Exhibit 99.2 on pages 6, 11, 13, 
19 and 20  
Tangible Common Equity and 
Tangible Book Value per Share 
Citi 
believes 
these 
capital 
metrics 
provide 
useful 
information, as they are used by 
investors and industry analysts. 
Exhibit 99.1, pages 1, 2 and 3, 
Appendix E on page 10 and 
footnotes 1 and 6 on page 11; 
and Exhibit 99.2, on pages 1 
(including footnote 7) and 27 
Return on Average Tangible 
Common Equity  
Citi 
believes 
these 
capital 
metrics 
provide 
useful 
information for investors and 
industry analysts. 
Exhibit 99.1, pages 1 and 2, 
Appendix A on page 8 and 
footnote 1 on page 11 
Results 
of 
Operations 
Excluding the Impact of gains/ 
(losses) on Loan Hedges 
Citi believes the presentation of 
its 
results 
of 
operations 
excluding 
the 
impact 
of 
gain/(loss) on loan hedges 
related to accrual loans provides 
a more meaningful depiction for 
investors of the underlying 
fundamentals of its businesses. 
Exhibit 99.1, page 5 and 
footnote 8 on page 11; Exhibit 
99.2, on page 16 (including 
footnote 1)

--- Page 181 ---
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
153 
 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES (CITIGROUP INC. 2020 Q1 FORM 10-Q) 
The Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q1 Form 10-Q contains certain alternative performance measures (APMs). For 
further details on the components of the APMs, how these APMs are calculated, an explanation of why 
such APMs provide useful information for investors and a reconciliation to the nearest equivalent US 
GAAP measures, please see references to "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" in the Citigroup Inc. 2020 
Q1 Form 10-Q and the table below: 
APM 
Explanation of Why Use of APM 
Provides Useful Information 
Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q1 Form 10-
Q Page Reference for Basis of 
Calculation, 
Components, 
Reconciliation and Comparatives 
to Previous Reporting Periods 
Results 
of 
Operations 
Excluding the impact of Foreign 
Exchange 
Translation 
(FX 
Translation) 
Citi believes the presentation of 
its 
results 
of 
operations 
excluding the impact of FX 
Translation provides a more 
meaningful 
depiction 
for 
investors of the underlying 
fundamentals of its businesses. 
Pages 3, 4, 5, 17, 20, 22, 26, 27, 
62, 65 and 71   
Tangible 
Common 
Equity, 
Tangible Book Value per Share 
and 
Return 
on 
Tangible 
Common Equity 
Citi 
believes 
these 
capital 
metrics 
provide 
alternative 
measures of capital strength and 
performance that are commonly 
used by investors and industry 
analysts. 
Pages 12 and 43  
Results 
of 
Operations 
Excluding 
the 
Impact 
of 
Gains/(Losses) 
 
on 
Loan 
Hedges 
Citi believes the presentation of 
its 
results 
of 
operations 
excluding 
the 
impact 
of 
gains/(losses) on loan hedges 
related to accrual loans provides 
a more meaningful depiction for 
investors of the underlying 
fundamentals of its businesses. 
Pages 4, 5, 25 and 26  
Core 
Accrual 
net 
interest 
revenue and core accrual NIM 
Citi believes these measures 
provide a more meaningful 
depiction for investors of the 
underlying fundamentals of its 
business results. 
Page 71

--- Page 182 ---
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
154 
 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES (CITIGROUP INC. 2020 Q2 FORM 8-K) 
The Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q2 Form 8-K contains certain alternative performance measures (APMs).  For 
further details on the components of the APMs, how these APMs are calculated, an explanation of why 
such APMs provide useful information for investors and a reconciliation to the nearest equivalent US 
GAAP measures, please see references to "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" in the Citigroup Inc. 2020 
Q2 Form 8-K  and the table below: 
APM 
Explanation of Why Use of APM 
Provides Useful Information 
Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q2 Form 8-K 
Page Reference for Basis of 
Calculation, 
Components, 
Reconciliation and Comparatives 
to Previous Reporting Periods 
Results 
of 
Operations 
Excluding the impact of Foreign 
Exchange Translation 
Citi believes the presentation of 
its 
results 
of 
operations 
excluding the impact of FX 
translation provides a more 
meaningful 
depiction 
for 
investors of the underlying 
fundamentals of its businesses. 
Exhibit 99.1, pages 3 and 4, 
Appendix B on page 9 and 
footnote 6 on page 12; and 
Exhibit 99.2 on pages 6, 11, 13,  
19 and 20 
Tangible Common Equity and 
Tangible Book Value per Share 
Citi 
believes 
these 
capital 
metrics 
provide 
useful 
information, as they are used by 
investors and industry analysts. 
Exhibit 99.1, pages 1, 2, 3, 11, 
Appendix E on page 11, 
footnotes 2 and 5 on page 12; 
and Exhibit 99.2, on pages 1 
(including footnote 7) and 27 
Return on Average Tangible 
Common Equity 
Citi 
believes 
these 
capital 
metrics 
provide 
useful 
information for investors and 
industry analysts. 
Exhibit 99.1, pages 1 and 2, 
Appendix A on page 8 and 
footnote 2 on page 12 
Results 
of 
Operations 
Excluding the Impact of gains/ 
(losses) on Loan Hedges 
Citi believes the presentation of 
its 
results 
of 
operations 
excluding 
the 
impact 
of 
gain/(loss) on loan hedges 
related to accrual loans provides 
a more meaningful depiction for 
investors of the underlying 
fundamentals of its businesses. 
Exhibit 99.1, page 5 and 
footnote 7 on page 12; Exhibit 
99.2, on page 16 (including 
footnote 1)

--- Page 183 ---
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
155 
 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES (CITIGROUP INC. 2020 Q2 FORM 10-Q) 
The Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q2 Form 10-Q contains certain alternative performance measures (APMs). For 
further details on the components of the APMs, how these APMs are calculated, an explanation of why 
such APMs provide useful information for investors and a reconciliation to the nearest equivalent US 
GAAP measures, please see references to "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" in the Citigroup Inc. 2020 
Q2 Form 10-Q and the table below: 
APM 
Explanation of Why Use of APM 
Provides Useful Information 
Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q2 Form 10-
Q Page Reference for Basis of 
Calculation, 
Components, 
Reconciliation and Comparatives 
to Previous Reporting Periods 
Results 
of 
Operations 
Excluding the impact of Foreign 
Exchange 
Translation 
(FX 
Translation) 
Citi believes the presentation of 
its 
results 
of 
operations 
excluding the impact of FX 
Translation provides a more 
meaningful 
depiction 
for 
investors of the underlying 
fundamentals of its businesses. 
Pages 3, 4, 5, 8, 19, 22, 23, 25, 
28, 29, 67, 70 and 76 
Tangible 
Common 
Equity, 
Tangible Book Value per Share 
and 
Return 
on 
Tangible 
Common Equity 
Citi 
believes 
these 
capital 
metrics 
provide 
alternative 
measures of capital strength and 
performance that are commonly 
used by investors and industry 
analysts. 
Pages 15, 46 and 74 
Results 
of 
Operations 
Excluding 
the 
Impact 
of 
Gains/(Losses) 
 
on 
Loan 
Hedges 
Citi believes the presentation of 
its 
results 
of 
operations 
excluding 
the 
impact 
of 
gains/(losses) on loan hedges 
related to accrual loans provides 
a more meaningful depiction for 
investors of the underlying 
fundamentals of its businesses. 
Pages 5, 27, 28 and 29 
Core 
Accrual 
net 
interest 
revenue and core accrual NIM 
Citi believes these measures 
provide a more meaningful 
depiction for investors of the 
underlying fundamentals of its 
business results. 
Page 76

--- Page 184 ---
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
156 
 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES (CITIGROUP INC. 2020 Q3 FORM 8-K) 
The Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q3 Form 8-K contains certain alternative performance measures (APMs).  For 
further details on the components of the APMs, how these APMs are calculated, an explanation of why 
such APMs provide useful information for investors and a reconciliation to the nearest equivalent US 
GAAP measures, please see references to "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" in the Citigroup Inc. 2020 
Q3 Form 8-K and the table below: 
APM 
Explanation of Why Use of APM 
Provides Useful Information 
Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q3 Form 8-K 
Page Reference for Basis of 
Calculation, 
Components, 
Reconciliation and Comparatives 
to Previous Reporting Periods 
Results 
of 
Operations 
Excluding the impact of Foreign 
Exchange Translation 
Citi believes the presentation of 
its 
results 
of 
operations 
excluding the impact of FX 
translation provides a more 
meaningful 
depiction 
for 
investors of the underlying 
fundamentals of its businesses. 
Exhibit 99.1, Appendix B on 
page 11 and footnote 6 on page 
12; and Exhibit 99.2 on pages 6, 
11, 13, 19 and 20 
Tangible Book Value per Share 
Citi 
believes 
these 
capital 
metrics 
provide 
useful 
information, as they are used by 
investors and industry analysts. 
Exhibit 99.1, pages 2 and 3 
Appendix E on page 11 and 
footnote 5 on page 12; and 
Exhibit 99.2, on pages 1 
(including footnote 6) and 27 
Tangible Common Equity and 
Return on Average Tangible 
Common Equity 
Citi 
believes 
these 
capital 
metrics 
provide 
useful 
information for investors and 
industry analysts. 
Exhibit 99.1, Appendix A on 
page 8 and footnote 2 on page 
12; and Exhibit 99.2, on page 27 
Results 
of 
Operations 
Excluding the Impact of gains/ 
(losses) on Loan Hedges 
Citi believes the presentation of 
its 
results 
of 
operations 
excluding 
the 
impact 
of 
gain/(loss) on loan hedges 
related to accrual loans provides 
a more meaningful depiction for 
investors of the underlying 
fundamentals of its businesses. 
Exhibit 99.1, page 5 and 
footnote 7 on page 12; Exhibit 
99.2, on page 16 (including 
footnote 1)

--- Page 185 ---
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
157 
 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES (CITIGROUP INC. 2020 Q3 FORM 10-Q) 
The Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q3 Form 10-Q contains certain alternative performance measures (APMs).  For 
further details on the components of the APMs, how these APMs are calculated, an explanation of why 
such APMs provide useful information for investors and a reconciliation to the nearest equivalent US 
GAAP measures, please see references to "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" in the Citigroup Inc. 2020 
Q3 Form 10-Q and the table below: 
APM 
Explanation of Why Use of APM 
Provides Useful Information 
Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q3 Form 10-
Q Page Reference for Basis of 
Calculation, 
Components, 
Reconciliation and Comparatives 
to Previous Reporting Periods 
Results 
of 
Operations 
Excluding the impact of Foreign 
Exchange 
Translation 
(FX 
Translation) 
Citi believes the presentation of 
its 
results 
of 
operations 
excluding the impact of FX 
Translation provides a more 
meaningful 
depiction 
for 
investors of the underlying 
fundamentals of its businesses. 
Pages 3, 4, 5, 19, 22, 23, 24, 25, 
28, 29, 68, 71 and 77 
Tangible 
Common 
Equity, 
Tangible Book Value per Share 
and 
Return 
on 
Tangible 
Common Equity 
Citi 
believes 
these 
capital 
metrics 
provide 
alternative 
measures of capital strength and 
performance that are commonly 
used by investors and industry 
analysts. 
Pages 15, 46 and 75 
Results 
of 
Operations 
Excluding 
the 
Impact 
of 
Gains/(Losses) on Loan Hedges 
Citi believes the presentation of 
its 
results 
of 
operations 
excluding 
the 
impact 
of 
gains/(losses) on loan hedges 
related to accrual loans provides 
a more meaningful depiction for 
investors of the underlying 
fundamentals of its businesses. 
Pages 5, 27, 28 and 29 
ICG 
markets 
net 
interest 
revenues 
and 
net 
interest 
revenue excluding ICG Markets 
Citi believes these measures 
provide a more meaningful 
depiction for investors of the 
underlying fundamentals of its 
business results. 
Page 77

--- Page 186 ---
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
158 
 
SECTION E.7 – ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES – CGMFL GUARANTOR 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES (CGMFL GUARANTOR 2018 ANNUAL 
REPORT) 
In relation to the CGMFL Base Prospectus only, the CGMFL Guarantor 2018 Annual Report contains 
several alternative performance measures (APMs). For further details on (i) the components of the APMs, 
(ii) the basis of calculation of the APMs, (iii) a reconciliation with the financial statements, (iv) an 
explanation of why such APMs provide useful information for investors and (v) comparatives and 
reconciliations for corresponding previous reporting periods, please see the table below: 
APM 
Components 
of APM 
Basis 
of 
calculation 
(including 
any 
assumptions) 
Reconciliation 
with financial 
statements 
Explanation 
of 
why use of APM 
provides useful 
information 
Comparatives 
and 
reconciliations 
for 
corresponding 
previous 
reporting 
period 
In the CGMFL Guarantor 2018 Annual Report: 
Other 
Income 
and 
Expenses 
(contained 
in 
the 
Strategic 
Report) 
"Net finance 
income 
on 
pension" and 
"Other 
Income" 
in 
the 
Income 
Statement 
Sum 
of 
"Other 
Finance 
Income" and 
"Other 
Income" 
in 
the 
Income 
Statement 
Sum of "Other 
Finance 
Income" 
and 
"Other 
Income" in the 
Income 
Statement 
Acts 
as 
a 
subtotal/summary 
Other Income 
and Expenses 
was presented 
in the Strategic 
Report in the 
CGMFL 
Guarantor 
2017 
Annual 
Report and was 
calculated 
in 
the 
same 
manner

--- Page 187 ---
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
159 
 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES (CGMFL GUARANTOR 2019 ANNUAL 
REPORT) 
In relation to the CGMFL Base Prospectus only, the CGMFL Guarantor 2019 Annual Report contains 
several alternative performance measures (APMs). For further details on (i) the components of the APMs, 
(ii) the basis of calculation of the APMs, (iii) a reconciliation with the financial statements, (iv) an 
explanation of why such APMs provide useful information for investors and (v) comparatives and 
reconciliations for corresponding previous reporting periods, please see the table below: 
APM 
Components 
of APM 
Basis 
of 
calculation 
(including 
any 
assumptions) 
Reconciliation 
with financial 
statements 
Explanation 
of 
why use of APM 
provides useful 
information 
Comparatives 
and 
reconciliations 
for 
corresponding 
previous 
reporting 
period 
In the CGMFL Guarantor 2019 Annual Report: 
Other 
Income 
and 
Expenses 
(contained 
in 
the 
Strategic 
Report) 
"Net finance 
income 
on 
pension" and 
"Other 
Income" 
in 
the 
Income 
Statement 
Sum 
of 
"Other 
Finance 
Income" and 
"Other 
Income" 
in 
the 
Income 
Statement 
Sum of "Other 
Finance 
Income" 
and 
"Other 
Income" in the 
Income 
Statement 
Acts 
as 
a 
subtotal/summary 
Other Income 
and Expenses 
was presented 
in the Strategic 
Report in the 
CGMFL 
Guarantor 
2018 
Annual 
Report and was 
calculated 
in 
the 
same 
manner

--- Page 188 ---
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
160 
 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES (CGMFL GUARANTOR 2020 INTERIM 
REPORT) 
In relation to the CGMFL Base Prospectus only, the CGMFL Guarantor 2020 Interim Report contains 
several alternative performance measures (APMs). For further details on (i) the components of the APMs, 
(ii) the basis of calculation of the APMs, (iii) a reconciliation with the financial statements, (iv) an 
explanation of why such APMs provide useful information for investors and (v) comparatives and 
reconciliations for corresponding previous reporting periods, please see the table below: 
APM 
Components 
of APM 
Basis 
of 
calculation 
(including 
any 
assumptions) 
Reconciliation 
with financial 
statements 
Explanation 
of 
why use of APM 
provides useful 
information 
Comparatives 
and 
reconciliations 
for 
corresponding 
previous 
reporting 
period 
In the CGMFL Guarantor 2020 Interim Report: 
Other 
Income 
and 
Expenses 
(contained 
in 
the 
Strategic 
Report) 
"Net finance 
income 
on 
pension" and 
"Other 
Income" 
in 
the 
Income 
Statement 
Sum 
of 
"Other 
Finance 
Income" and 
"Other 
Income" 
in 
the 
Income 
Statement 
Sum of "Other 
Finance 
Income" 
and 
"Other 
Income" in the 
Income 
Statement 
Acts 
as 
a 
subtotal/summary 
Other Income 
and Expenses 
was presented 
the 
Interim 
Management 
Report in the 
CGMFL 
Guarantor 
2019 
Annual 
Report and was 
calculated 
in 
the 
same 
manner

--- Page 189 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE PROGRAMME AND THE SECURITIES 
161 
 
SECTION F - GENERAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE PROGRAMME AND THE 
SECURITIES

--- Page 190 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUE OF SECURITIES UNDER THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
162 
 
SECTION F.1 – GENERAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUE OF SECURITIES 
UNDER THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
1. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Securities to be admitted to trading on 
Euronext Dublin's regulated market and to be listed on the Official List. Euronext Dublin's 
regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II.  
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Securities (other than 
Exempt Securities) to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and for the Securities to be 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of 
MiFID II. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Securities to be admitted to the Official List 
and to trading on Euronext Dublin's global exchange market. Euronext Dublin's global exchange 
market is not a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II.  
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Exempt Securities to be 
admitted to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to trading on the Euro 
MTF Market. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange has approved this Base Prospectus in relation 
to the Exempt Securities to be listed on the Euro MTF Market. The Euro MTF Market is not a 
regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II.  
Application may be made for Securities to be listed on the NASDAQ Stockholm AB and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the NASDAQ Stockholm AB, but there can be 
no assurance that any such listing will occur on or prior to the date of issue of any Securities or 
at all. 
Application may be made for Securities to be listed on the London Stock Exchange and admitted 
to trading on the regulated market of the London Stock Exchange, but there can be no assurance 
that any such listing will occur on or prior to the date of issue of any Securities or at all. 
Application may be made for Securities to be listed on the Italian Stock Exchange and admitted 
to trading on the MoT, but there can be no assurance that any such listing will occur on or prior 
to the date of issue of any Securities or at all. 
Application may also be made for Securities issued under the Programme to be admitted to 
trading (i) on the SeDeX and (ii) on EuroTLX but there can be no assurance that any such listing 
will occur on or prior to the date of issue of any Securities, as the case may be, or at all. SeDeX 
and EuroTLX are not regulated markets for the purposes of MiFID II. 
Application may be made for the Securities to be listed to the official list and admitted to trading 
on the Open Market (Regulated Unofficial Market) (Freiverkehr) of the Frankfurt Stock 
Exchange (Börse Frankfurt AG) but there can be no assurance that any such listing will occur 
on or prior to the date of issue of any Securities, as the case may be, or at all. For the avoidance 
of doubt, the Open Market (Regulated Unofficial Market) (Freiverkehr) of the Frankfurt Stock 
Exchange (Börse Frankfurt AG) is not a regulated market for the purpose of MiFID II. 
As specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an issue of Securities may or may not be listed or 
admitted to trading, as the case may be, on Euronext Dublin and/or the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and/or the NASDAQ Stockholm AB and/or the London Stock Exchange and/or the 
Italian Stock Exchange and/or the Frankfurt Stock Exchange and/or any other stock exchange 
or market as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
2. 
Securities have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
DTC. The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium, the 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg and the address of DTC is 55 Water Street, New York, New York 10041, United 
States.  
The Issuer may make an application for any Securities issued by it in registered form to be 
accepted for trading in book-entry form by DTC. The Common Code or CUSIP, as applicable

--- Page 191 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUE OF SECURITIES UNDER THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
163 
 
and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) for each Tranche of Securities will 
be set out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
3. 
The Issuer may make an application for clearance of Securities through Euroclear Sweden, 
Euroclear Finland and Euroclear France. The address of Euroclear Sweden is Euroclear Sweden 
AB, Box 191, 101 23 Stockholm, Sweden, the address of Euroclear Finland is Euroclear Finland 
Ltd., Visiting Address, Urho Kekkosen katu 5C, PO Box 1110 00101 Helsinki, Finland and the 
address of Euroclear France is 66 rue de la Victoire, 75009 Paris.  
4. 
None of the Issuers, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor will provide any post-
issuance information, except if required by any applicable laws and regulations. 
5. 
The Legal Entity Identifier of each of the Issuers is as follows: 
Citigroup Inc.: 6SHGI4ZSSLCXXQSBB395 
Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc.: 82VOJDD5PTRDMVVMGV31 
Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A.: 549300EVRWDWFJUNNP53 
6. 
The Legal Entity Identifier of each of the Guarantors is as follows: 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited (i.e. the CGMFL Guarantor): XKZZ2JZF41MRHTR1V493 
Citigroup Inc. (i.e. the CGMHI Guarantor): 6SHGI4ZSSLCXXQSBB395 
7. 
Information relating to the past and future performance and volatility of the Underlying(s) is 
available from internationally recognised published or electronically displayed sources, 
including the relevant Electronic Page specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement in the case of Securities admitted to trading on the Global Exchange Market or the 
Euro MTF. 
8. 
Information relating to historic interest rates in the case of Floating Rate Securities is available 
from internationally recognised published or electronically displayed sources, including the 
relevant Electronic Page, Page or, as the case may be, page referred to in the applicable Floating 
Rate Option, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement in 
the case of Securities admitted to trading on the Global Exchange Market or the Euro MTF.

--- Page 192 ---
ISSUE OF SECURITIES 
164 
 
SECTION F.2 – ISSUE OF SECURITIES 
Securities will be issued on a continuous basis in series (each a Series). The Securities of each Series are 
intended to be interchangeable with all other Securities of that Series. 
Each Series of Securities may be issued in tranches (each a Tranche) having different issue dates but the 
terms otherwise identical to other Tranches constituting such series (or identical other than in respect of 
the first payment of interest). 
The specific terms of each Tranche will be set forth in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 193 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
165 
 
SECTION F.3 – DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
The Securities may be Securities which do not bear interest, interest bearing securities, securities which 
pay a fixed amount on redemption, and/or securities whose return (in respect to any interest payable on 
such securities and/or their redemption amount) is linked to one or more Underlyings. This section 
provides information in respect of certain product features and/or characteristics which may have an 
effect on the return on the Securities. Investors should note that the product features and/or characteristics 
and their effect on the return on the Securities as described in this Section are not intended to be 
exhaustive. Investors should also read the risk factors set out in Section B above and the Conditions. 
General 
Interest 
The Securities may or may not be expressed to bear interest in the applicable Issue Terms. Where the 
Securities are expressed to bear interest, then amounts in respect of interest due under the Securities will 
be determined by reference to the applicable fixed rate amount, floating rate, inflation rate or performance 
amount rate (determined by reference to the relevant Underlying(s)) but, unless the applicable Issue 
Terms specify that the provisions relating to Interest Barrier Events are applicable, whether interest is 
due or not shall not otherwise be determined by reference to the performance of the relevant rate(s), 
inflation index or Underlying(s).  
Where the applicable Issue Terms specifies that the provisions relating to Interest Barrier Event are 
applicable, then whether interest is due or not may be determined by reference to the performance of the 
relevant Underlying(s). The applicable Issue Terms may specify that, if an Interest Barrier Event does 
not occur in respect of the relevant Interest Payment Date, then no amount in respect of interest shall be 
paid on that Interest Payment Date.  
If the Interest Barrier Event provisions are applicable and, in accordance with their terms, interest is to 
be calculated in respect of the relevant Interest Payment Date, the amount of interest due on such Interest 
Payment Date will also be determined by reference to the performance of the relevant Underlying(s) if 
Interim Performance Interest Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms or, 
otherwise, the amount of interest due on such Interest Payment Date will be an amount determined by 
reference to the applicable fixed rate or amount, floating rate or inflation rate provisions set out in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
In addition to the features described under "Barrier Events" below, an Interest Barrier Event will occur 
(a) if "Interest Barrier Event Lock-In" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, if the 
relevant interest lock-in condition has been satisfied in respect of a prior Interest Payment Date (such 
that, once the relevant Interest Lock-in Level has been satisfied in respect of an Interest Payment Date, 
then an Interest Barrier Event will occur in respect of each subsequent Interest Payment Date); and (b) if 
"Multi-Chance Provisions" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, only if an Interest 
Barrier Event has occurred in respect of a specified minimum number of relevant Underlying(s) and in 
such circumstances the amount of interest due may then depend on the exact number of relevant 
Underlying(s) above such minimum number in respect of which an Interest Barrier Event has occurred 
for such Interest Payment Date; and (c) if "Range Accrual" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, on each range accrual observation date during the relevant interest period and the amount 
of interest due will accrue in respect of each such date on which an Interest Barrier Event occurs; if an 
Interest Barrier Event occurs on no date during the relevant interest period, then no amount in respect of 
interest shall be due.  
Securities may, in addition to any amounts in respect of interest due as described above pay a Non-
Contingent Interest Amount on each Non-Contingent Interest Payment Date, but only if the Non-
Contingent Interest Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If you invest in Securities to which an Interest Barrier Event applies, you should be aware that you may 
not receive any amount in respect of interest during the term of the Securities. 
Mandatory early redemption or "autocall"  
If "Mandatory Early Redemption Provisions" are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then such Issue Terms will specify what constitutes a "Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event" and,

--- Page 194 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
166 
 
following the occurrence of a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event, the Securities will be 
redeemed on the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Date and the relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms will become payable and no further amount 
shall be payable in respect of such Securities after the Mandatory Early Redemption Date. In this case, 
you are subject to a reinvestment risk, as you may not be able to replace your investment in such 
Securities with an investment that has a similar profile of chances and risks as the relevant Securities. 
If any Securities are redeemed early in accordance with the above, the amount you receive will be limited 
to the Mandatory Early Redemption Amount irrespective of the price of the relevant Underlying(s) or 
any other reference factor(s) applicable to such Underlying(s). Furthermore, you will not benefit from 
any movement in the price of relevant Underlying(s) that may occur during the period between the 
relevant date of early redemption and the maturity date. 
Unless the Mandatory Early Redemption Amount is a specified fixed amount and such amount is greater 
than your initial investment in the Securities, then you should note that, unless a scheduled minimum 
redemption amount is specified in all circumstances, then you may lose all or part of your investment. 
Securities subject to optional redemption by the Issuer  
An optional redemption feature of Securities, as set out in General Condition 6 (Redemption and 
Purchase) and any related provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, is likely to limit their market value. 
During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Securities, the market value of those Securities 
generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true 
prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Securities when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest 
rate on the Securities. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Securities being redeemed and may 
only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. You should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
Redemption amount or Entitlement due on the maturity date  
Where the Underlying Linked Securities Redemption Provisions are specified as not applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then a fixed redemption amount shall be due in respect of each Security on the 
Maturity Date. Such amount shall not be linked to the performance of any Underlying. 
Where the Underlying Linked Securities Redemption Provisions are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms and the provisions relating to Redemption Barrier Event are specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, then the redemption amount due or assets deliverable shall in 
all circumstances be linked to the performance of the relevant Underlying(s).  
Where the Underlying Linked Securities Redemption Provisions are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms and the provisions relating to Redemption Barrier Event are specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, then the redemption amount due or assets deliverable shall 
depend on whether a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred and, if the provisions relating to 
Redemption Upper Barrier Event are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, if a 
Redemption Upper Barrier Event has occurred. The applicable Issue Terms will specify what constitutes 
a "Redemption Barrier Event" and any "Redemption Upper Barrier Event". Such alternate amounts may 
either be expressed as being a fixed redemption amount shall be due in respect of each Security or as 
being a redemption amount due or assets deliverable that is linked to the performance of the relevant 
Underlying(s).  
Where the redemption amount or assets deliverable at maturity is determined by reference to the 
performance of the relevant Underlying(s), unless a scheduled minimum redemption amount is specified 
in all circumstances, then you may lose all or part of your investment. 
Features which determine amounts due or assets deliverable in respect of Securities linked to the 
performance of the Underlying(s)  
Where the Securities are linked to the performance of Underlying(s), then certain features of such 
Securities (as described below) may determine amounts due or assets deliverable thereunder.

--- Page 195 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
167 
 
Performance  
Interim Performance, Mandatory Early Redemption Performance and Final Performance may be 
determined in respect of one or more Underlyings as follows: 
• 
"single underlying observation" means that the relevant performance is calculated by reference 
to the Underlying performance of a single Underlying for the relevant payment date (assessed 
as the appreciation or depreciation in level of the relevant Underlying on the relevant Valuation 
Date(s) compared with the relevant strike date(s) or as otherwise determined as provided in the 
applicable terms and conditions of the Securities). As such, amounts due or assets deliverable 
where such provisions apply are linked only to the performance of that Underlying. 
• 
"best of basket observation" means that the relevant performance is calculated by reference to 
the Underlying having the specified highest performance for the relevant payment date (assessed 
as the appreciation in level of such Underlying on the relevant Valuation Date(s) compared with 
the relevant strike date(s) or as otherwise determined as provided in the applicable terms and 
conditions of the Securities). As such, amounts due or assets deliverable where such provisions 
apply are linked to such specified highest performing Underlying(s) only. Where the "Himalaya 
Interim Performance – European Observation" provisions apply, then once an Underlying has 
had the highest performance for any Interest Payment Date, such Underlying's performance 
shall be disregarded for each subsequent Interest Payment Date. 
• 
"worst of basket observation" means that the relevant performance is calculated by reference to 
the Underlying having the specified lowest performance for the relevant payment date (assessed 
as the depreciation in level of such Underlying on the relevant Valuation Date(s) compared with 
the relevant strike date(s) or as otherwise determined in the applicable terms and conditions of 
the Securities). As such, amounts due or assets deliverable where such provisions apply are 
linked to such specified lowest performing Underlying(s) only and, for example where the "first 
lowest performance" applies, if one Underlying performs negatively, then any positive 
performance of all other Underlying(s) will be irrelevant in the determination of the applicable 
amount(s) due or assets deliverable.  
• 
"Himalaya interim performance – Asian observation" means that the relevant performance is 
calculated by reference to the arithmetic average of the performance of the Underlying having 
the highest performance for each relevant Valuation Date relating to the relevant payment date 
(assessed as the appreciation in level of such Underlying on each such relevant Valuation Date 
compared with the relevant strike date(s) or as otherwise determined as provided in the 
applicable terms and conditions of the Securities) but PROVIDED THAT, once an Underlying 
has had the highest performance for any valuation date relating to that payment date, such 
Underlying's performance shall be disregarded for each subsequent Valuation Date relating to 
that payment date (but shall not be disregarded in respect of subsequent Interest Payment Dates). 
As such, amounts due or assets deliverable are not directly linked to any one Underlying(s) and 
positive performance of some Underlying(s) may be negated by negative performance of other 
Underlying(s), particularly as a consistently high performing Underlying will only have its first-
occurring highest performance included in the calculation of the arithmetic average performance 
for the relevant payment date. 
• 
"weighted basket observation" means that the relevant performance is calculated by reference 
to the performance of a weighted basket of Underlying(s) (assessed as the appreciation or 
depreciation in level of such Underlying on the relevant Valuation Date(s) compared with the 
relevant strike date(s)) and multiplied by the weighting. As such, amounts due or assets 
deliverable are not directly linked to the performance of any one Underlying and positive 
performance of some Underlying(s) may be negated by negative performance of other 
Underlying(s), particularly when the weighting attributed to such Underlying(s) having a 
negative performance is greater than that attributed to those Underlying(s) having a positive 
performance. Where "rainbow weighting" is applicable, the higher the weighting attributed to 
the relevant Underlying having the lowest performance for the relevant Valuation Date, the 
lower the Interim Performance, Mandatory Early Redemption Performance or Final 
Performance, as the case may be.

--- Page 196 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
168 
 
• 
"outperformance" means that the relevant performance is calculated by reference to the 
difference in the performance of the Underlying or Underlyings comprising the Outperformance 
A Underlyings and the Underlying or Underlyings comprising the Outperformance B 
Underlying. Therefore, the performance will be positive where the performance of the 
Outperformance A Underlyings is greater than the performance of the Underlying or 
Underlyings comprising the Outperformance B Underlying. In determining which Underlyings 
comprise each of the Outperformance A Underlyings and the Outperformance B Underlyings, 
any of the above observation provisions may apply, as further detailed in the applicable Issue 
Terms.  
• 
"arithmetic mean underlying return" means that the relevant performance is calculated by 
reference to the arithmetic average of the underlying returns of a basket of Underlying(s). Each 
underlying return being assessed as the appreciation or depreciation in level of each such 
Underlying on the relevant Valuation Date(s) compared with the relevant strike date(s) or a 
capped, floored, collared or fixed percentage (which may be zero) instead of such appreciation 
or depreciation for that Underlying, all as further detailed in the terms and conditions of the 
Securities. As such, amounts due or assets deliverable are not directly linked to the performance 
of any one specified Underlying. 
• 
"cliquet" means that the relevant performance is calculated by reference to, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the sum or product of the re-setting performance of a single Underlying 
for each relevant Valuation Date relating to that payment date (assessed as the appreciation or 
depreciation in level of the Underlying on the relevant Valuation Date compared with its value 
on the last relevant Valuation Date(s) or, if none, the relevant strike date(s) or as otherwise 
determined as provided in the applicable terms and conditions of the Securities). If period 
performance provisions apply, then that sum or product of the re-setting performance of the 
Underlying shall be subtracted from the performance of the single Underlying for the period 
relating to the relevant payment date (such performance for the period being assessed as the 
appreciation or depreciation in level of the Underlying on the relevant last occurring Valuation 
Date relating to the payment date compared with its value on first occurring Valuation Date 
relating to that payment date or, if none, the strike date(s)) or vice versa. As such, amounts due 
or assets deliverable where such provisions apply are linked only to the performance of that 
Underlying. 
You must ensure that you read and understand the relevant performance provisions in respect of the 
Securities as these will influence if certain amounts are paid or delivered and may impact the relevant 
amount or assets due in respect of the Securities.  
Barrier Events  
Whether a Barrier Event has occurred or not may be determined by reference (a) to one or more 
Underlying(s) and, in the case of each such Underlying, whether it is less than, less than or equal to, 
greater than, greater than or equal to or within specified barrier levels; (b) to specified dates only 
("European" observation) or during a period ("American" observation); (c) the aggregate interest 
amounts calculated by reference to the performance of such Underlying(s) and paid in respect of the 
Securities; and/or (d) to the performance of such Underlying(s) as detailed under Performance above, or 
by reference to the closing level or the level of the relevant Underlying(s) continuously observed of the 
relevant Underlying.  
You must ensure that you read and understand what constitutes each relevant Barrier Event in respect of 
the Securities as the relevant contingencies will influence if certain amounts are paid or delivered and 
may impact the relevant amount or assets due in respect of the Securities. 
Participation rates, caps, floors and collars applied to formulae  
Certain formulae for determining amounts due or assets deliverable under the Securities may be subject 
to one or a combination of the following features: 
• 
A maximum amount (a cap) 
• 
A minimum amount (a floor)

--- Page 197 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
169 
 
• 
A maximum amount and a minimum amount (a collar) 
• 
An "absolute value" (meaning that the relevant calculation, if resulting in a negative number, 
will be determined as if it were a positive number) 
• 
One or more participation rates  
• 
Addition or subtraction of a specified adjustment amount 
• 
An "fx performance" feature (meaning that the formulae shall be adjusted to take into account 
the performance or change in value of a specified fx rate from a specified initial valuation date 
to a specified final valuation date) 
In such circumstances, the relevant calculation will not be made only by reference to the performance of 
the relevant Underlying(s) and the application of such features may result in the calculation being subject 
to a minimum and/or maximum amount or otherwise increasing or decreasing the amount that would 
otherwise have been calculated had no such feature(s) been applicable. Movements in the value of the 
relevant Underlying will be magnified where a participation rate applies and may therefore result in 
greater gains or losses than if no participation rate applied. Therefore, amounts due or assets deliverable 
in respect of the Securities will also be linked to the performance of the relevant exchange rate and 
negative performance of such exchange rate could negate positive performance of the relevant 
Underlying(s). 
Swaption provisions  
Where the Performance Linked Redemption Amount is determined by reference to the "Swaption" 
provisions, the value of the Annuity will go down as the value of the relevant underlying Rate goes up. 
In addition, you should note that, if the Annuity Factor is negative, the Performance Linked Redemption 
Amount will increase as the underlying Rate decreases or, if the Annuity Factor is positive, the 
Performance Linked Redemption Amount will decrease as the underlying Rate increases. Changes in 
market interest rates may therefore adversely affect the value of the relevant Securities.  
FX  
Where FX Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and a relevant Underlying 
is denominated in a currency other than the relevant Specified Currency of the Securities then values of 
such Underlying will be converted into the relevant Specified Currency. Such conversion may, as 
provided in the terms and conditions of the Securities, be determined by referring to a cross rate 
(meaning that such conversion will be determined via the exchange rate of a third currency). Therefore, 
amounts due or assets deliverable in respect of the Securities will also be linked to the performance of 
the relevant exchange rate and negative performance of such exchange rate could negate positive 
performance of the relevant Underlying(s). 
Credit Linked Notes and/or Index Skew Notes 
Credit Events  
The amount of principal and/or interest payable is dependent upon whether bankruptcy has occurred with 
respect to the Reference Entity and whether certain credit events (Credit Events) have occurred in 
respect of obligations of the Reference Entity that fall within a specified category (e.g., bonds, loans, 
borrowed money) and where applicable have specified characteristics (e.g., subordination, currency, 
governing law). Whereas bankruptcy is a Credit Event that relates to the Reference Entity itself, other 
Credit Events, such as failure to pay or restructuring, relate to obligations of the Reference Entity and 
only in the case of a restructuring credit event and in certain cases relating to failure to pay where "Credit 
Deterioration Requirement" applies in the relevant Issue Terms, deterioration of creditworthiness of the 
Reference Entity is a pre-condition for a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, to occur. Depending 
on the terms of the Credit Linked Note, obligations for which the Reference Entity acts in a capacity 
other than direct obligor (for example, as a guarantor or insurer) may or may not be within the class of 
obligations that is relevant for purposes of determining whether a Credit Event has occurred. Investors 
should additionally be aware that a Reference Entity may decide to restructure only certain classes of its 
obligations and such a selective restructuring may not result in a Credit Event for the classes of

--- Page 198 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
170 
 
obligations that are relevant for a particular Credit Linked Note. Investors should therefore carefully 
review the applicable Credit Events and their definitions under the Credit Linked Notes and 
independently evaluate its appropriateness to the objective for purchasing the Credit Linked Notes. 
Impact of a Credit Event or Risk Event on principal and interest 
Following a Credit Event which is a Governmental Intervention or certain Restructuring Credit Events, 
an Asset Package Credit Event may occur and the amount of principal payable may be determined based 
on the value of a package of assets which a relevant obligation of a Reference Entity has been converted 
into or exchanged for (which may be worth significantly less than the principal amount of such original 
obligation of such Reference Entity or, where such original obligation has been expropriated for no 
compensation, may be zero). Prospective investors in such Credit Linked Notes should be aware that 
depending on the terms thereof (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of 
principal or interest or delivery of any specified assets may occur at a different time than expected and 
(iii) they may lose all or a substantial portion of their investment. 
The occurrence of a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, in relation to any Reference Entity from 
time to time may result in either full or partial redemption of the Credit Linked Notes on the relevant 
Credit Event Redemption Date which shall depend on whether "Credit Payment on Maturity" or "Credit 
Payment Following Credit Event" applies and any recovery (which could be zero) or any incurred 
recovery amounts (to the extent that such recovery falls within the tranche to which the Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes are exposed to (as applicable)) will be 
payable to the investor but the investor shall be exposed to all incurred losses (to the extent that such 
losses fall within the tranche to which the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes are exposed to (as applicable)), which will reduce its principal redemptions. Where 
"Physical Redemption" applies, the occurrence of a Credit Event may result in the redemption of the 
Credit Linked Notes based on the delivery of certain direct or indirect obligations of the affected 
Reference Entity, which may have a market value which is substantially less than their nominal amount. 
Following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination 
Date, as applicable, investors should note that interest will cease to accrue on a specified portion of the 
relevant Credit Linked Notes as set out in the terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes depending 
on whether "Interest Accrual on Default" or "No Interest Accrual on Default" applies in the relevant 
Issue Terms.  
If "No Interest Accrual on Default" is applicable, interest will cease from the Interest Payment Date 
immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination 
Date, as applicable or where there is no Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event 
Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, the Issue Date. If "Interest 
Accrual on Default" is applicable, interest will cease to accrue on the first Business Day immediately 
following the Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as 
applicable. In such case, interest shall accrue on the affected applicable proportion from (and including) 
the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant 
Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable (or where there is no Interest Payment Date immediately 
preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as 
applicable, the Issue Date) to (and including) the Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk 
Event Determination Date, as applicable. With respect to the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, interest will cease to accrue on the Principal Writedown Amount 
with effect from the Credit Event Writedown Date, being the business day immediately following the 
Relevant Event Determination Date.  
The Issuer may also suspend interest in certain circumstances where (a) an Applicable DC Credit Event 
Question has been submitted in respect of which a DC Resolution (including, but not limited to, a DC 
Credit Event Announcement, a DC No Credit Event Announcement or a DC Credit Event Question 
Dismissal) has not been published or the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has not resolved 
whether it will convene a meeting to Resolve the Applicable DC Credit Event Question or (b) where the 
Calculation Agent has determined that Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, could occur but no 
Credit Event Notice or Risk Event Notice, as applicable, has been provided to the Issuer and/or the 
Securityholders. In such circumstances, investors should note that the Issuer would suspend the 
maximum amount of interest payable assuming the Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, had 
occurred, in the case of an M(M)R Restructuring, as though no partial exercise occurred and where the

--- Page 199 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
171 
 
amount to be withheld requires calculation of any recovery amount, assuming that fixed recovery of zero 
per cent. applies. Such suspension of interest shall be effected although no Relevant Event Determination 
Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date has occurred.  
Investors should be aware that although payment of any interest wrongly suspended will be repayable in 
accordance with the terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes and where insufficient interest has 
been suspended, being the Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount, such interest shall be claimed by the 
Issuer from any amount payable or assets Delivered upon the redemption or write down in full of the 
relevant Credit Linked Notes (whether at maturity or upon early redemption). The Issuer however shall 
have no further claims against any investors for any Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount which cannot 
be deducted in full or in part (on account of the relevant redemption amount being insufficient). 
Interest shall continue to be suspended until the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
makes the relevant announcements or the Calculation Agent determines that no Relevant Event 
Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, can occur. In such 
circumstances, investors should note that they may not receive any interest for multiple Interest Periods 
and no liability will attach to the Issue for any such non-payment of interest.  
Interest will otherwise continue to accrue as usual on any remaining portion of the Credit Linked Note 
unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, to and excluding the 
earlier to occur of any full redemption at Scheduled Maturity Date or any relevant early redemption. 
Where "Credit Payment on Maturity applies", additional interest shall accrue on the Credit Linked Notes 
in respect of the Credit Payment on Maturity Amount at the funding interest rate.   
Investors should note that the Issuer is not obliged to suffer any loss as a result of a Credit Event or Risk 
Event. Credit losses on Credit Linked Notes will be calculated irrespective of whether the Issuer has 
suffered an actual loss in relation to a Reference Entity or any obligations thereof. The Issuer is not 
obliged to account for any recovery which it may subsequently make in relation to such Reference Entity 
or its obligations. 
Successors 
Investors should note that, from time to time, the Reference Entity may be subject to change following 
the determination of any Successor or Successors to the Reference Entity, and any such change may 
affect the value of and return on the Credit Linked Notes. "Successor" means, the entity or entities, if 
any, determined to have succeeded to a requisite amount of relevant obligations of the Reference Entity. 
For a Sovereign Reference Entity, an entity may only be a Successor to a Reference Entity that is a 
sovereign following the occurrence of a unification, annexation, unification, secession, partition, 
dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or other similar event.  
The Credit Linked Conditions provide that if a Reference Entity has more than one successor entity, the 
Calculation Agent shall amend the terms of the Credit Linked Notes, without consent of the investors, to 
reflect that the relevant Reference Entity has been succeeded by more than one Successor and for the 
purposes of calculation, the affected notional representing such Reference Entity will be divided equally 
among the Successors. Following such determination, the Credit Linked Notes shall remain outstanding 
in an amount equal to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount and interest will accrue on such 
amount in accordance with the adjustments determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting 
in a commercially reasonable manner to reflect the economic effects of the identification of more than 
one Successor, considered in the aggregate. The Calculation Agent will also be responsible for 
determining, as soon as reasonably practicable after it becomes aware of the relevant succession, the 
sovereign or entity, if any, that qualifies as the Successor. Investors should note that the Credit Linked 
Note may reference substantially different credit risks following the determination of one or more 
Successors. These credit risks could potentially be greater or lesser than the credit risk of the original 
Reference Entity, which could adversely impact the value of the Credit Linked Notes.  Investors should 
also be aware that the determination of a Successor will not necessarily result in the assumption of that 
obligation by the Successor either at all or in the same proportion as the allocation of the notional amount 
of the original Credit Linked Note.

--- Page 200 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
172 
 
Exposure to Credit Events and successions prior to the Trade Date or Issue Date 
Investors should note that a Credit Event occurring prior to the Trade Date or Issue Date may result in a 
Credit Event being triggered under the Credit Linked Notes as the Credit Linked Notes have a "Credit 
Event Backstop Date", which is a look-back period of 60 calendar days from the Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date or the effective date of the Credit Event Notice. Credit Linked Notes may also 
be exposed to Successor determinations in respect of events occurring prior to the Trade Date or Issue 
Date as the Credit Linked Notes have a similar "Successor Backstop Date", which is a look-back period 
of 90 calendar days prior to the date of a request to convene the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee (or, if applicable, the effective date of a notice to the investor describing the 
relevant succession) is applicable for purposes of any Successor determination. In both cases, investors 
should note that a Credit Event or succession that occurred prior to the Trade Date or Issue Date could 
affect the relevant Credit Linked Notes. Where on or after 1 January 2014, an entity assumes all of the 
obligations (including at least one relevant obligation) of a Reference Entity which is not a sovereign, in 
circumstances where a Reference Entity has ceased to exist, or is in the process of being dissolved and 
has not issued or incurred any borrowed money obligation at any time since the legally effective date of 
the assumption (such entity, a Universal Successor), the look-back period of 90 calendar days will not 
apply.  
Investors should conduct their own review of any recent developments with respect to any Reference 
Entity(ies) by consulting publicly available information. If, prior to the Trade Date or Issue Date, a 
request to convene a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to determine whether a Credit Event 
or Successor determination has occurred with respect to a Reference Entity has been made, details of 
such 
request 
may 
be 
found 
on 
the 
DC 
Secretary's 
webpage 
at 
https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor website). If a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has not been convened to determine such matter as of the Trade Date or Issue 
Date, investors should note that one may still be convened after the Trade Date or Issue Date in respect 
of an event that has occurred which occurs up to 60 days (in the case of a Credit Event), 90 days in the 
case of the determination of a Successor) or any time (in the case of the determination of a Universal 
Successor) before the date of a request to convene such Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to 
make the relevant determinations. Equally, Credit Events and successions may occur but where issues 
are not raised within the requisite time period to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to 
qualify for a Credit Event or a qualifying succession, the events will not impact the relevant Credit Linked 
Notes, subject to any further actions undertaken by the Calculation Agent (where applicable).   
Reference Obligations under the Credit Linked Notes 
Where "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as "Applicable" in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
reference obligation will be the obligation specified as the market standard reference obligation for the 
relevant Reference Entity for the relevant seniority level (the Standard Reference Obligation or SRO) 
when such SRO is published on the relevant SRO list and from the date of such publication any non-
standard reference obligation set out in the relevant Issue Terms (if any) will no longer be the reference 
obligation. The rules outlining the selection and replacement of the Standard Reference Obligation are 
contained within the rules relating to Standard Reference Obligation, as published by ISDA 
(www.isda.org or any successor website) and as amended and/or supplemented from time to time in 
accordance with the terms thereof (the SRO Rules). The SRO for a relevant seniority level will only be 
replaced by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee by majority vote in certain 
circumstances set out in the SRO Rules (for example, if the Standard Reference Obligation matures, is 
redeemed or is no longer an obligation of the Reference Entity, or in the case of where Financial 
Reference Entities is stated to be applicable in the Issue Terms and where Mod R or Mod Mod R applies, 
if the Standard Reference Obligation has less than one year remaining maturity and a replacement 
Standard Reference Obligation is available in the first maturity bucket, amongst others) after performing 
the necessary legal review and the Calculation Agent, the Issuer, the Dealer and/or one or more of their 
respective affiliates are not under an obligation to replace the SRO if a substitution event occurs. The 
Issue Terms may specify that Standard Reference Obligation does not apply, in which case the Reference 
Obligation will be the non-standard reference obligation specified in the Issue Terms, if any. Where 
certain substitution events occur with respect to such non-standard reference obligations, the Calculation 
Agent will attempt to substitute the same in accordance with the criteria and conditions set out in the 
Credit Linked Notes.

--- Page 201 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
173 
 
Where a Reference Obligation Only Series is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, the Credit Linked 
Notes shall early redeem without any substitution of the reference obligation where the reference 
obligation is redeemed in whole but otherwise, no substitution will be required if the aggregate amounts 
under the said obligation have reduced or it no longer is an obligation of the Reference Entity. 
Asset Package Delivery 
Under the Credit Linked Conditions, asset package delivery provisions may apply in respect of a 
Financial Reference Entity in certain circumstances if either (i) a "Governmental Intervention" Credit 
Event has occurred or (ii) if "Restructuring" is an applicable Credit Event, a restructuring has occurred 
in respect of the reference obligation of a Financial Reference Entity, and such restructuring does not 
constitute a "Governmental Intervention" Credit Event. Asset package delivery options may also apply 
in respect of certain Sovereigns subject to restructuring of a package observable bond if Package 
Observable Bonds, being a certain number of deliverable bonds of the sovereign, exist. Following a 
"Governmental Intervention" Credit Event or a restructuring of a reference obligation, in each case in 
respect of a Financial Reference Entity, or in the case of certain sovereigns subject to restructuring of a 
package observable bond, provided that there was an existing obligation of the Reference Entity which, 
immediately prior to the relevant event constituted a deliverable obligation (a "Prior Deliverable 
Obligation" in the case of a Financial Reference Entity and "Package Observable Bond" in the case of 
certain sovereigns), the assets which result from such Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond can be used for purposes of redeeming the Credit Linked Notes (such redemption 
"Asset Package Delivery").   
Asset Package Delivery may apply if an Asset Package Credit Event occurs unless (i) such Asset Package 
Credit Event occurs prior to the Credit Event Backstop Date determined in respect of the Credit Event 
that triggered redemption, (ii) the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and no Package Observable Bond 
exists immediately prior to such Asset Package Credit Event, or (iii) the Reference Entity is a Sovereign 
and "Sovereign Reference Entity No Asset Package Delivery" is specified as "Applicable" in the relevant 
Issue Terms (even if such a Package Observable Bond has been published by ISDA or any other 
successor entity).  
Asset Package Delivery may apply in circumstances where the deliverable obligation has either been 
converted into something that does not constitute a deliverable obligation (e.g. equity), written-down in 
part (such that it becomes uneconomic to deliver) or written-down in full (such that it is uneconomic to 
deliver, but in any event, there is no obligation that can actually be delivered). In such circumstances, 
investors should note that the Outstanding Principal Balance will be treated to be the Outstanding 
Principal Balance immediately prior to the relevant Asset Package Credit Event and where the 
Outstanding Principal Balance is deemed to be written down to zero, the Asset Package shall be deemed 
to be zero and delivery of the Package Observable Bond or Prior Deliverable Obligation will be deemed 
to have been satisfied in full. For purposes of Asset Package Delivery, the asset package for any holder 
of the relevant Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond will consist of all of the assets 
in the proportion received or retained by such holder in connection with the Asset Package Credit Event. 
The relevant asset package must be delivered in the proportion received or retained by such a holder. If 
the asset package is not capable of being transferred (excluding due to market conditions) or is not of the 
type typically traded in, or suitable for being traded in, financial markets, the asset shall be deemed to be 
an amount of cash equal to the market value thereof by the calculation agent by reference to an 
appropriate specialist valuation or in accordance with the methodology determined by the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee. In such case, Asset Package Delivery will occur by payment of 
such cash amount. 
Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligations 
Investors should note that where Asset Package Delivery is not applicable, an Obligation of a Reference 
Entity which is a Sovereign (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) (a) in respect of 
which a Restructuring that is the subject of the Credit Event Notice or DC Credit Event Announcement 
has occurred and (b) which meets the deliverable obligation criteria falling within the specific category 
(Bond and/or Loan) and meeting certain characteristics immediately preceding the date on which such 
Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with the terms of the documentation governing such 
Restructuring remains a good deliverable for the purposes of inclusion on any Final List or Physical 
Redemption save that unlike in the case of Asset Package Delivery, the outstanding principal balance 
will not be deemed to be such outstanding principal balance prior to the restructuring credit event but

--- Page 202 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
174 
 
will be assessed as per the terms of the Credit Linked Note at the time of determination. Accordingly, 
the Issuer may be required to deliver additional deliverable obligations in order to meet the outstanding 
principal balance requirements for delivery. 
M(M)R Restructuring and Movement Option 
If "Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation Applicable" or "Modified 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation Applicable" is specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms and M(M)R Restructuring occurs, investors should note that the deliverable 
obligations which qualify for inclusion on the Final List or for "Physical Redemption" must not only 
meet the specific deliverability obligation category or characteristics but is further restricted by virtue of 
its tenor to maturity. Accordingly, the loss suffered by an investor will depend on the recovery (expressed 
as a percentage) for the relevant deliverables. Longer dated obligations are subjected to lower recovery 
in comparison with the shorter dated obligations. Where the Calculation Agent determines in respect of 
an M(M)R Restructuring that a No Auction Announcement Date has occurred in certain circumstances, 
it may elect (in its sole and absolute discretion) to deliver a Notice to Exercise Movement Option to the 
Issuer in order for redemption to be effected by virtue of the relevant Auction Redemption Amount being 
determined by reference to a "Parallel Auction" identified by the Calculation Agent in the Notice to 
Exercise Movement Option, where the permissible deliverables are more limited in order to 
accommodate "Auction Redemption". Accordingly, in these circumstances, the loss suffered by an 
investor will depend on the recovery for the deliverable obligations associated with the particular 
"Parallel Auction".   
Auction Redemption following a Credit Event 
If "Auction Redemption" is applicable with respect to the Credit Linked Notes, then the amounts payable 
under the Credit Linked Notes will be determined on the basis of the final price determined pursuant to 
the auction procedure set out in the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms (available at 
https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor website)). In respect of specified 
obligations of the relevant Reference Entity, provided that the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee determines that an applicable auction will be held, an auction final price determination date 
will occur. Credit losses determined pursuant to a market auction process may be greater or less than the 
losses which would have been determined in the absence of the auction. In particular, the auction process 
may be affected by technical factors or operational errors, which would not otherwise apply or may be 
the subject of actual or attempted manipulation. The administrator(s) specified in the auction settlement 
terms conduct auctions. Investors are subject to the risk that where a final price is determined in 
accordance with an auction, this may result in a lower recovery value than an obligation of the Reference 
Entity would have had if such final price had been determined pursuant to alternative methods.  
In addition, the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee may amend the form of auction settlement 
terms for a particular auction. The DC Rules provide for certain amendments by resolution of a convened 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. Other amendments may be made subject to a public 
comment period; however, the DC Rules permit the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to 
forego a public comment period by supermajority action. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms for a particular auction will be on similar terms to the form 
of auction settlement terms or the terms of previous auctions. 
Where the only relevant Credit Event is a restructuring, several concurrent but separate auctions may 
occur with respect to the Reference Entity and such Credit Event. The auction settlement amount may 
be based on the price of one or more obligations of the Reference Entity having a final maturity date 
different from the restructured obligation. 
Although auctions can generally be expected to be held for Reference Entities that are widely traded in 
the credit markets, there can be no assurance that an auction will be held for future Credit Events or that, 
if held, the auction will result in the determination of an auction final price. If an auction is not held or 
fails to result in the determination of an auction final price (as might occur if an auction is cancelled by 
the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee due, for example, to an inability to obtain the requisite 
number of initial bids) and if "Auction Redemption" is applicable with respect to the Credit Linked Notes, 
then the "Fallback Redemption Method" shall apply which, depending on the nature of the Credit Linked 
Notes being redeemed, may be cash redemption, or physical redemption. In such circumstances of cash

--- Page 203 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
175 
 
redemption, the final price will be determined pursuant to the valuation method specified in the Credit 
Linked Notes. 
Investors should carefully assess and understand the elections specified in relation to the relevant Credit 
Linked Notes and the circumstances and/or events as described above, which may affect the value of and 
return on such Credit Linked Notes. 
Physical Redemption following a Credit Event or Risk Event 
Where Physical Redemption applies to Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer must select obligations of the 
Reference Entity that satisfy specified deliverability criteria and deliver those obligations to the investor 
in an amount determined in accordance with the terms of the Credit Linked Notes. Investors should be 
aware that physical redemption may not be possible to accomplish under some circumstances, including 
where the Issuer is unable to procure the specified or selected deliverable obligation(s) due to market 
dislocations or prior redemptions or refinancings by the Reference Entity, failure to receive necessary 
transfer consents (such as from a borrower or agent) or delays in receiving such consents, or court orders 
prohibiting transfers of an obligation. In such event, the terms of the Credit Linked Notes may provide 
the Issuer with alternative methods of settlement or permit partial cash settlement subject to certain 
conditions or specify other fallback consequences which may include redemption by way of payment of 
a cash amount.  
Investors should understand the terms of the obligation and applicable securities laws as these may 
restrict their ability to take delivery of Deliverable Obligations. Investors should also note that delivery 
expenses will be taken into account in determining the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable 
Amount of the relevant Deliverable Obligations to be delivered. 
Outstanding Principal Balance 
The calculation of the outstanding principal balance of a deliverable obligation is determined by (i) first, 
ascertaining all principal payment obligations of a Reference Entity (ii) then deducting any delivery 
expenses and any interest suspension shortfall amounts and determining all or any portion of such 
principal payment obligations that are subject to a contingency (other than a Permitted Contingency (as 
defined below)) or prohibited action which need to be disregarded, leaving an amount equal to the non-
contingent amount and (iii) finally, determining the quantum of the claim that could be validly asserted 
against a Reference Entity in respect of such non-contingent amount if the obligation was redeemed or 
accelerated which would be the outstanding principal balance. If payments of principal are subject to a 
contingency, the outstanding principal balance could be less than the principal balance (and depending 
upon the type of contingency, could be zero). 
"Permitted Contingency" means, with respect to an obligation, any reduction to the Reference Entity's 
payment obligations: (a) as a result of the application of: (i) any provisions allowing a transfer, pursuant 
to which another party may assume all of the payment obligations of the Reference Entity; (ii) provisions 
implementing the subordination of the obligation; (iii) provisions allowing for a transfer of a qualifying 
guarantee (or provisions allowing for the release of the Reference Entity from its payment obligations in 
the case of any other guarantees); (iv) any solvency capital provisions if "Subordinated European 
Insurance Terms" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms; or (v) if "Financial Reference Entity 
Terms" is specified as applicable to the Reference Entity in the Issue Terms, provisions (a) which permit 
the Financial Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, released or suspended in 
circumstances which would constitute a governmental intervention; or (b) which is within the control of 
the holders of the obligation or a third party acting on their behalf (such as an agent or trustee). 
Outstanding Principal Balance – Fallback Discounting  
The definition of "Outstanding Principal Balance" provides for the quantum of the claim to be determined 
in accordance with any applicable laws that reduce or discount the size of the claim to reflect the original 
issue price or accrued value of the obligation. Where "Fallback Discounting" applies and if certain other 
conditions are  met, being  (i) the Outstanding  Principal  Balance  of  an  obligation  is  not  reduced  or 
discounted in accordance with applicable law, and (ii) the relevant obligation is either a Bond that has an 
issue price less than 95 per cent. of the principal redemption amount or a Loan where the amount 
advanced is less than 95 per cent. of the principal repayment amount where, in each case, no provisions 
relating to the accretion over time of the amount which would be payable on an early redemption or

--- Page 204 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
176 
 
repayment of such Bond or Loan that are customary for the applicable type of Bond or Loan as the case 
may be exists, prospective investors should note that Delivery by the Issuer of impacted Deliverable 
Obligations or LA Settlement Assets, as applicable, would need to account for the Outstanding Principal 
Balance which would be further reduced in such case which could result in an anticipated par claim being 
treated as less than par. In such circumstances, the Credit Linked Conditions provide that the Outstanding 
Principal Balance would instead be the lesser of (I) the Non-Contingent Amount; and (II) an amount 
determined by straight line interpolation between the issue price of the Bond or the amount advanced 
under the Loan and  the  principal  redemption  amount  or  principal  repayment  amount,  as  applicable.  
Further  details relating to determinations as to whether the issue price of a Bond or the amount advanced 
under a Loan is less than 95 per cent. of the principal redemption amount or principal repayment amount 
(as applicable) or, where applicable, for applying straight line interpolation in the context of exchanges 
are set out in the Credit Linked Conditions. 
Partial cash redemption and Fallback Cash Redemption  
If all or any part of the Physical Redemption Assets that would be required to be Delivered to a 
Securityholder is not a whole integral multiple of the smallest unit of transfer for any such Physical 
Redemption Assets at the relevant time of Delivery, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Issuer 
will only Deliver the portion of the Physical Redemption Assets specified by the Issuer which is as large 
a size as possible but less than the full Physical Redemption Assets, after consideration of such smallest 
unit or units of transfer and application of rounding. The value of the undelivered obligations will be 
deemed to be zero and the Issuer's obligations to an investor in respect of such portion shall be fully and 
effectively discharged in such circumstances.  
The Issuer may elect in lieu of delivering all or any part of the Asset Package to pay cash instead to 
investors the asset market value" of any non delivered asset package converted if necessary, into the 
currency of denomination of the Credit Linked Notes at the prevailing market rate of exchange 
determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith. Such asset market value may be determined by the 
Calculation Agent based on any specialised valuation or methodology determined by the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee or the Calculation Agent or based on a value obtained as though 
Cash Redemption were to apply on a Valuation Date selected by the Calculation Agent.  
Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date 
The terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes allow for the Issuer in certain circumstances to 
attempt to continue performing its delivery obligations after the Physical Redemption Date. If Delivery 
is not completed in full by the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, in certain circumstances 
when the event affecting Delivery is cured, the Issuer may be required to complete Delivery on or prior 
to the Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date.  
Delivery of loans 
Where Physical Redemption applies and to the extent investors would be required to receive loans as 
deliverable obligations under a Credit Linked Note, investors should be familiar with the documentation 
and settlement practices of the relevant secondary loan trading markets and applicable laws and 
regulations (including the legal consequences of furnishing or receiving non-public information 
regarding a Reference Entity).  
Provisions of the Reference Entity's credit agreements may affect a party's ability to deliver or receive 
loans, the economic consequences of doing so and whether loans meet deliverability criteria.  
Accordingly, investors should review such agreements carefully, including the provisions governing 
assignments, any collateral allocation mechanisms i.e., a mandatory exchange of obligations for other 
obligations under a credit agreement, not all of which may be deliverable and provisions that may require 
or entitle a lender to advance funds. 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to deliver 
Investors should note that a Payment/Delivery Failure Event will occur where certain relevant definitive 
Credit Linked Notes and/or the Deliverable Obligation Notice are not delivered or there is a failure to 
duly execute, deliver and/or accept a transfer certificate or other transfer document on or before any 
Delivery Date and/or specify a date for transfer of the relevant Deliverable Obligation that is on or before

--- Page 205 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
177 
 
any Delivery Date. In such case, investors should note that the obligations of the Issuer to procure 
Delivery of the Physical Redemption Assets and make any payment shall cease until such time such 
event is cured whereupon deferred delivery shall apply or if "Fallback Cash Redemption" is specified to 
apply in the relevant Issue Terms, fallback cash settlement shall apply. Investors will not be entitled to 
any payment, whether of interest or otherwise, in the event of such deferred delivery or payment. 
Cash Redemption following a Credit Event 
If "Cash Redemption" applies to the Credit Linked Notes, then following the occurrence of a Credit 
Event or Risk Event, as applicable, the Calculation Agent will be required to seek quotations in respect 
of selected obligations of the Reference Entity in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Credit 
Linked Notes. Investors should be aware that such obligations may no longer exist and no qualifying 
substitute obligations may have been identified, such quotations may not be available, or the level of 
such quotations may be substantially reduced as a result of illiquidity in the relevant markets or as a result 
of factors other than the credit risk of the Reference Entity (for example, liquidity constraints affecting 
market dealers). Moreover, the market value of a Reference Entity's obligations may be highly volatile 
in the period following a Credit Event or Risk Event. Accordingly, any quotations so obtained may be 
significantly lower than the value of the relevant obligation which would be determined by reference to 
(for example) the present value of related cash flows or the value that a party could obtain if it controlled 
the disposition of the obligations. Furthermore, the price of the selected obligations of the Reference 
Entity may be deemed to be zero in the event that no such quotations are available. Further, valuation of 
the selected obligations will be determined at a particular determination date and as such the recovery 
price which would be adopted in any loss amount or incurred loss amount that would be suffered by an 
investor following the occurrence of a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, will reflect the value of 
relevant obligations at a given date. As such, the exposure to loss suffered by an investor or any principal 
write-down may be more than that ultimately realised by a holder of debt obligations of the Reference 
Entity, whether by means of enforcement of rights following a default or receipt of distributions 
following an insolvency or otherwise. 
Investors should note that if an Asset Package Credit Event has occurred, (A) valuation of a Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond may be satisfied by valuation of the related Asset 
Package and such Asset Package shall be treated as having the same currency and Outstanding Principal 
Balance as that of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as applicable, to which 
it corresponds immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event, (B) if the Asset Package is zero, a 
Quotation shall be deemed to have been obtained for the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as applicable, equal to zero. 
Further, where quotations are sought on an asset package, such asset package may contain assets which 
are hard to value and for which a valuation methodology may not be readily available or suitable, which 
may reduce the value of quotations or the availability of quotations that may otherwise have been 
obtained. Accordingly, investors should note that any quotations so obtained may be significantly lower 
than the value of the relevant obligation (or asset package) which would be determined by reference to 
(for example) the present value of related cash flows or the value that a party could obtain if it controlled 
the disposition of the obligations. 
Fixed Recovery Redemption may be subject to a fixed recovery price 
Where the Credit Event Redemption Amount of the Credit Linked Notes is calculated by reference to a 
fixed recovery price of the obligations of a Reference Entity(ies), the occurrence of a Credit Event or a 
Risk Event, as applicable, may result in the recovery being materially lower than the prevailing price of 
the relevant obligations of the relevant Reference Entity. Investors should note that Fixed Recovery 
Redemption could occur with a Fixed Recovery Percentage set at zero per cent. where the Issue Terms 
specify accordingly.  
If the Fixed Recovery Percentage is zero, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination 
Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, the occurrence of the Cash Redemption 
Date or the Final Cash Redemption Date, the LA Cash Redemption Date or Final LA Cash Redemption 
Date, as applicable, shall fully and effectively discharge the Issuer's obligation to redeem the relevant 
Credit Linked Notes. Investors should be aware that where the Fixed Recovery Percentage is zero, the 
loss amount in respect of the Affected Reference Entity will be 100 per cent. and, accordingly, no

--- Page 206 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
178 
 
redemption amounts will be payable or assets deliverable to the Securityholders. Investors accordingly 
will bear the loss of their principal. 
No early redemption or frustration 
Investors should note that the Credit Linked Notes will not early redeem and no frustration shall occur 
solely because the Reference Entity does not exist on, or ceases to exist on or following, the Trade Date 
or Issue Date or Obligations, Deliverable Obligations or the Reference Obligation do not exist on, or 
cease to exist on or following, the Trade Date or Issue Date. Accordingly, investors should conduct their 
own investigation as to the existence of a Reference Entity and/or relevant obligations prior to the 
purchase of the Credit Linked Notes to ensure that the exposure to the particular Reference Entity is 
within the contemplated objectives of the investor.  
Early redemption, merger event redemption and redemption in respect of Reference Obligation Only 
Series 
If "Redemption following Merger" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, investors 
should note that the Credit Linked Notes (other than Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes) may be redeemed earlier by the Issuer where it or the Calculation Agent determines that 
the Issuer or a Reference Entity consolidates or amalgamates with, or merges into, or transfers all or 
substantially all of its respective assets to, a Reference Entity or the Issuer, as applicable, or the Issuer 
and a Reference Entity become Affiliates. Accordingly, a Merger Event will result in the relevant Credit 
Linked Notes being redeemed in full or in part at the Merger Redemption Amount. 
If a Reference Obligation is fully redeemed with respect to a Reference Obligation for a Series of Credit 
Linked Notes in respect of a Reference Entity to which "Reference Obligation Only" applies, investors 
should note that the relevant Credit Linked Notes shall be redeemed in part or in full at the Substitution 
Event Redemption Amount. 
If the Credit Linked Notes are so redeemed early in the circumstances described above, the Issuer will 
pay to investors, as  holder of such Securities, an amount specified in the General Conditions or the 
Credit Linked Conditions or such other amount (or method for calculating the amount) specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. There is no guarantee that the amount repaid to any investor will be equal to or 
higher than the initial investment in the relevant Credit Linked Notes and such amount may be 
substantially less than such initial investment. 
Relevant Credit Events and Relevant Risk Events disregarded 
Where a Relevant Credit Event or a Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, occurs immediately after an 
event triggering early redemption of the Credit Linked Notes, the occurrence of the Relevant Credit Event 
or Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, will be disregarded (to the extent that the relevant Credit Linked 
Notes have not already been redeemed in full and cancelled) and the Early Redemption Amount, Optional 
Redemption Amount, Merger Redemption Amount or the Substitution Event Redemption Amount, as 
applicable, payable to Securityholders will be determined on the basis of the event triggering early 
redemption of the Credit Linked Notes only. 
Local Access Credit Linked Notes  
Risk Events 
Local Access Credit Linked Notes may be redeemed pursuant to the occurrence of any Credit Event or 
an Additional Risk Event (together, the Risk Events) in respect of one or more Reference Entities and, 
in either case, unless the Local Access Credit Linked Notes are fixed recovery, on the value of certain 
specified assets of any such Reference Entities or where, if any of such events has occurred, on settlement 
the Issuer's obligation is to deliver certain specified assets. Any such settlement will be reduced to take 
into account any Unwind Costs and so will depend upon the level of such Unwind Costs. 
Additional Risk Events are indicative of defaults or risks specific to certain local access jurisdictions and 
will apply to Local Access Credit Linked Notes to the extent that such events apply in the relevant Issue 
Terms. Prospective investors should note that not all possible Additional Risk Events are related directly 
to default or credit risk in respect of a Reference Entity or default in respect of the Reference Investor

--- Page 207 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
179 
 
Assets and such Additional Risk Events may include, without limitation, the occurrence of one or more 
of the following: 
(a) 
an Inconvertibility Event - the occurrence after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of any 
event or condition that has the effect of it being impossible, illegal or impracticable for, or of 
prohibiting, restricting or materially delaying the ability of, any Reference Investor (i) to convert 
currency; or (ii) to effect currency transactions on terms as favourable as those available to 
residents of the Reference Jurisdiction; or (iii) to freely and unconditionally transfer or repatriate 
any funds from accounts inside the Reference Jurisdiction to accounts outside the Reference 
Jurisdiction or between accounts inside the Reference Jurisdiction; or (iv) to receive the full 
value of any cash payment made under the Reference Investor Assets due to the introduction 
after the Additional Risk Event Start Date by any Governmental Authority of a new currency 
regime (including the introduction of a dual currency regime) or the imposition of currency 
exchange limitations; 
(b) 
an Ownership Restriction Event - the occurrence after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of 
any event or existence of any condition that has the effect of it being illegal, impossible or 
impracticable for, or has the effect of prohibiting, restricting or materially delaying the ability 
of, any Reference Investor to purchase, hold, receive, sell, freely transfer or remain the owner 
of any Reference Investor Asset or any amount received in respect thereof; and 
(c) 
a Settlement/Custodial Event - (i) the occurrence after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of 
the bankruptcy of any Custodian or (ii) in respect of the Reference Investor Assets owned by a 
Reference Investor or any amount received in respect thereof, a Custodian (A) fails to perform 
in a timely manner any or all of its obligations owed under any Reference Custodial/Settlement 
Arrangement, or (B) fails to take any action when instructed to do so by a Reference Investor, 
or (C) takes any action which is contrary to the terms of any Reference Custodial/Settlement 
Arrangement; in each case that affects or may affect, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, the hedging arrangements of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates in respect of the 
Issuer's obligations with respect to the Local Access Credit Linked Note(s). 
The loss incurred by an Investor may be unrelated to or disproportionate in comparison with the 
Additional Risk Event itself. Moreover, the Calculation Agent may designate an Additional Risk Event, 
which could cause such losses to be incurred by an Investor, if the Additional Risk Event occurs at any 
time during the term of the Local Access Credit Linked Notes, whether or not the Additional Risk Event 
is ongoing or effective or has been remedied or cured at the time such designation has been made. 
Exposure to Reference Asset 
In respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes for which "Reference Asset Only Settlement" is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, following a Risk Event, the Local Access Credit Linked 
Notes will be redeemed by valuation or delivery (as applicable) of the Reference Asset in respect of a 
Reference Entity (rather than obligations of the relevant Reference Entity generally). It follows therefore 
that returns on such Local Access Credit Linked Notes may be adversely affected by circumstances 
affecting the Reference Asset even where other obligations of the Reference Entity are not affected. The 
creditworthiness or market value of the relevant Reference Asset may be less favourable than other 
obligations of the relevant Reference Entity due to liquidity, marketability, circumstances of origination, 
legal or validity risks, local access risks described below, or one or more other characteristics. Investors 
in the Local Access Credit Linked Notes should understand that their recovery in relation to the relevant 
Reference Asset may be substantially less than for more generally representative obligations of the 
relevant Reference Entity. 
Index Skew Notes 
The Index Skew Notes are linked, through a Hypothetical Skew Transaction constituting a combination 
of (i) an index CDS and (ii) individual credit default swaps on the Reference Entities included in the 
index underlying the index CDS (the component CDSs). Where the Issuer is the protection seller under 
the index CDS it is the protection buyer under the component CDSs, and vice versa. The value of the 
combined positions reflects the difference (the skew) between the value of the index CDS and the 
aggregate value of its component CDSs. Although each constituent of the Hypothetical Skew Transaction 
is intended to give rise to an equal and opposite payment obligation on each Fixed Rate Payer Payment

--- Page 208 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE SECURITIES 
180 
 
Date, Auction Settlement Date or Cash Settlement Date (as applicable), no actual payments will be due 
from the Issuer to the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty or vice versa due to the application of payment 
netting.   
The value of an index CDS may differ from the aggregate value of its component CDSs for several 
reasons, including (a) differences in liquidity and other characteristics in the markets for the index CDS 
the component CDSs; (b) differences in relevant terms of the index CDS and its component CDSs; (c) 
factors that affect the activities of arbitrageurs; and (d) changes in the default correlation among the 
Reference Entities included in the index CDS. 
As the notional of the Hypothetical Skew Transactions may be far greater than the principal amount 
issued under the Index Skew Notes, the value of the Index Skew Notes may be very volatile and any 
Index Skew Early Redemption Amount will be linked to, inter alia, the difference between the pricing 
of credit protection on the relevant index and the market levels of the constituent single name Reference 
Entities that comprise the relevant index.  
Liquidity differences may make a greater contribution to skew during periods of heightened volatility, 
as the value of the more liquid instrument(s) may change more quickly than the value of the less liquid 
instrument(s). Furthermore, during periods when transaction costs (such as funding costs and bid-ask 
spreads) to market participants increase, skew may become greater, as the increased transaction costs 
may reduce the activities of arbitrageurs (i.e. market participants that seek to profit from the skew and, 
in the process, tend to reduce it). 
Although the payments under a Hypothetical Skew Transaction is intended to be equal to zero due to the 
application of payment netting as described above, if the Index Skew Notes were to be redeemed early, 
a termination payment would be determined in respect of the each constituent transaction within the 
relevant Hypothetical Skew Transactions and the aggregate of such termination payments may result in 
an amount being payable by the Issuer to the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty or by the Hypothetical 
Swap Counterparty to the Issuer which could result in the Early Redemption Amount or Optional Early 
Redemption Amount (as the case may be) due to Securityholders being reduced further if the Issuer is 
required to make a payment to the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty for such termination payment or if 
the Issuer is subject to further Unwind Costs. 
In addition, prospective investors in the Index Skew Notes should be aware that no notifications shall be 
given by the Issuer or any other party to Securityholders following the occurrence of a Credit Event. To 
the extent that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee determines that a Credit Event 
has occurred in respect of a particular entity, information will be published on the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees website at https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor 
website).

--- Page 209 ---
FORM OF THE SECURITIES 
181 
 
SECTION F.4 – FORM OF THE SECURITIES 
Subject as provided below in relation to Swedish Securities, Finnish Securities and French Law 
Securities, the Securities of each Series will be in registered form. Registered Securities may be offered 
and sold either outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S under the 
Securities Act (Regulation S) or, in the case of Registered Securities representing Notes issued by 
Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI, within the United States to QIBs (as defined below) in reliance on Rule 144A 
under the Securities Act (Rule 144A). 
Securities that are not Swedish Securities or Finnish Securities and are Registered Securities 
The Registered Securities of each Tranche offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S, which will be 
sold in offshore transactions to persons that are not U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) outside the 
United States, will be represented by a Regulation S Global Registered Security Certificate (a Regulation 
S Global Registered Security Certificate). Beneficial interests in a Regulation S Global Registered 
Security Certificate may not be offered, sold or transferred at any time in the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, a U.S. person and may not be held otherwise than through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (or in the case of French Cleared Securities only, Euroclear France) and such 
Regulation S Global Registered Security Certificate will bear a legend regarding such restrictions on 
transfer. 
Each Security Certificate will be numbered serially with an identifying number which will be recorded 
in the Register. 
The Registered Securities representing Notes of each Tranche offered and sold in reliance on Rule 144A, 
which may only be issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI, may only be offered and sold in private 
transactions to "qualified institutional buyers" within the meaning of Rule 144A (QIBs). The Registered 
Securities representing Notes of each Tranche sold to QIBs will be represented by a Rule 144A Global 
Registered Security Certificate (a Rule 144A Global Registered Security Certificate and, together with 
a Regulation S Global Registered Security Certificate, the Global Registered Security Certificates), 
and beneficial interests in such Global Registered Security Certificates may not be offered, sold or 
otherwise transferred at any time except to a QIB purchasing (or holding) the Notes for its account or for 
the account of one or more QIBs in reliance on Rule 144A. 
Global Registered Security Certificates will either (i) be deposited with a custodian for, and registered in 
the name of a nominee of, the Depository Trust Company (DTC) for the accounts of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or (ii) be deposited with a common depositary or if the Global Registered 
Security Certificate is to be held under the new safekeeping structure (the NSS) a common safekeeper 
(the Common Safekeeper), as the case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and 
registered in the name of a common nominee of a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of the Common Safekeeper, as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. Persons holding beneficial interests in Global Registered Security Certificates will be entitled or 
required, as the case may be, to receive physical delivery of definitive Securities in fully registered form. 
Where the Global Registered Security Certificate issued in respect of any Tranche is intended to be held 
under the NSS, the applicable Issue Terms will indicate whether or not such Global Registered Security 
Certificate is intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication 
that the Global Registered Security Certificate are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the 
Securities of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any time during their life 
as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The common 
safekeeper for a Global Registered Security Certificate held under the NSS will be either Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The Rule 144A Global Registered Security Certificate will be subject to certain restrictions on transfer 
described in such Rule 144A Global Registered Security Certificate and will bear a legend regarding 
such restrictions. 
No Securities represented by a Combined Global Registered Note Certificate (as defined in the Fiscal 
Agency Agreement) will be issued under this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 210 ---
FORM OF THE SECURITIES 
182 
 
Swedish Securities 
Swedish Securities will be issued in dematerialised and uncertificated book-entry form in accordance 
with the Swedish Act on Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts (Sw; lag 
(1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella instrument) (the SFIA Act), other 
applicable Swedish legislation and the rules and regulations applicable to, and/or issued by, Euroclear 
Sweden. Swedish Securities will not be issued in definitive or global form. 
Swedish Securities will be registered in a register kept by Euroclear Sweden on behalf of the Issuer (the 
Swedish Securities Register) and payments of principal, interest, termination or any other amounts on 
Swedish Securities will be made by Euroclear Sweden on behalf of the Issuer to the persons registered 
as holders of such Swedish Securities in the Swedish Securities Register on the fifth Stockholm Banking 
Day prior to the due date of the relevant payment. 
Finnish Securities 
Finnish Securities will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry-form in accordance with 
the Finnish Act on the Book-Entry System and Clearing Operations, (Fin. laki arvo-osuusjärjestelmästä 
ja selvitystoiminnasta (348/2017, as amended)) and with the Finnish Act on Book-Entry Accounts, (Fin. 
laki arvo-osuustileistä (827/1991, as amended)) other applicable Finnish legislation and the rules, 
regulations and decisions applicable to, and/or issued by, Euroclear Finland. Finnish Securities will not 
be issued in definitive form. 
French Law Securities 
French Law Securities will be issued in dematerialised form. French Law Securities must at all times be 
in book-entry form in compliance with Articles L.211–3 and R.211–1 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier. French Law Securities shall constitute "obligations" within the meaning of Article L.213–5 of 
the French Code monétaire et financier. 
No global or definitive French Law Securities will be issued. The French Law Securities will be 
transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear France. 
French Law Securities may be issued, at the option of the Issuer, in either: (i) bearer dematerialised form 
(au porteur), which will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France which shall credit the accounts of 
an accountholder (being any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts 
directly or indirectly on behalf of its customers with Euroclear France) (the Euroclear France 
Accountholder); or (ii) in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, at the option of the 
Securityholder in either administered registered form (au nominatif administré) inscribed in the books of 
a Euroclear France Accountholder (and mirroring the inscriptions in the books maintained by the Issuer 
or the French Law Securities Registration Agent acting on behalf of the Issuer, if applicable) or in fully 
registered form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in an account held by Euroclear France and in the books 
maintained by the Issuer (or the French Law Securities Registration Agent acting on behalf of the Issuer, 
if applicable). 
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
For so long as any of the Securities is represented by a Global Registered Security Certificate held on 
behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (or in the case of French Cleared Securities only, 
Euroclear France), each person (other than Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear France) 
who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg (or in the 
case of French Cleared Securities only, Euroclear France) as the holder of a particular principal amount 
or number of such Securities (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (or in the case of French Cleared Securities only, Euroclear France) as to the 
principal amount or number of such Securities standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive 
and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI), the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) and the 
Agents as the holder of such principal amount or number of such Securities for all purposes other than 
with respect to the payment of principal, interest, termination or any other amounts in respect of the 
Securities, for which purpose the registered holder of the relevant Global Registered Security Certificate 
shall be treated by the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI), the CGMFL

--- Page 211 ---
FORM OF THE SECURITIES 
183 
 
Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) and each Agent as the holder of such principal amount or number 
of such Securities in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Registered Security 
Certificate, and the expressions Securityholder and holder of Securities and related expressions shall 
be construed accordingly. 
So long as DTC or its nominee is the registered owner or holder of a Global Registered Security 
Certificate, DTC or such nominee, as the case may be, will be considered the sole owner or holder of the 
Securities represented by such Global Registered Security Certificate for all purposes under the Fiscal 
Agency Agreement and such Securities except to the extent that, in accordance with DTC's published 
rules and procedures, any ownership rights may be exercised by its participants or beneficial owners 
through participants. 
Securities which are represented by a Global Registered Security Certificate will be transferable only in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or DTC (or in the case of French Cleared Securities only, Euroclear France), as the 
case may be, subject to the restrictions on transfer described in this Base Prospectus. Each of the persons 
shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC (or in the case of French Cleared 
Securities only, Euroclear France)as the beneficial holder of a particular principal amount or number of 
Securities represented by such Global Registered Security Certificate must look solely to Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC (or in the case of French Cleared Securities only, Euroclear France), 
as the case may be, for his share of each payment made by the Issuer or, where the Issuer is CGMHI, the 
CGMHI Guarantor or, where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor to the holder of such Global 
Registered Security Certificate and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the relevant Securities will 
be discharged by payment to the holder of such Global Registered Security Certificate in respect of each 
amount so paid. 
Exchanges 
Exchange of Global Registered Security Certificates 
A Global Registered Security Certificate may be exchanged in whole but not in part (free of charge) for 
definitive Registered Security Certificates only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. 
An Exchange Event means: 
(a) 
an Event of Default (as defined in General Condition 11 (Events of Default)) has occurred and 
is continuing; or 
(b) 
if the Global Registered Security Certificate is registered in the name of a nominee for a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee 
of the Common Safekeeper, as the case may be, the Issuer has been notified that Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, has/have been closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or 
has/have announced an intention permanently to cease business or has/have in fact done so and 
no successor clearing system is available; or  
(c) 
if the Global Registered Security Certificate is registered in the name of a nominee for DTC, 
either DTC has notified the Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to continue to act as depository 
for the Securities and no alternative clearing system is available or DTC has ceased to constitute 
a clearing agency registered under the Exchange Act and no successor clearing system is 
available; or 
(d) 
the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered 
were the Securities represented by the Registered Security Certificate in definitive form.  
The Issuer will promptly give notice to Securityholders upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. In 
the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (a) to (c) above, Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, and/or DTC, as the case may be, acting on the instructions of any holder of 
an interest in such Global Registered Security Certificate may give notice to the Registrar requesting 
exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (a) to (d) above, the 
Issuer may also give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange. Any exchange shall occur no later than 
10 days after the date of receipt of the relevant notice by the Registrar.

--- Page 212 ---
FORM OF THE SECURITIES 
184 
 
Any exchanges of a Global Registered Security Certificate will be made upon presentation of the Global 
Registered Security Certificate at the specified office of the Registrar by the holder of it on any day (other 
than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are open for general business in the city of the specified 
office of the Registrar. 
Deed of Covenant 
Where any Security is represented by a Global Registered Security Certificate and (a) the Global 
Registered Security Certificate (or any part of such Global Registered Security Certificate) has become 
due and repayable in accordance with the Conditions of such Securities or the Maturity Date has occurred 
and, in either case, payment in full of the amount due has not been made to the holder of an interest in 
such Global Registered Security Certificate through the relevant Clearing System(s) on such date, or (b) 
following an Exchange Event, the Global Registered Security Certificate is not duly exchanged for 
Registered Security Certificates in definitive form by the date provided in the Global Registered Security 
Certificate, then from 8.00 p.m. (London time) on such date each holder of an interest in such Global 
Registered Security Certificate through the relevant Clearing System(s) will become entitled to proceed 
directly against the Issuer on, and subject to, the terms of the relevant Deed of Covenant, the relevant 
registered holder will have no further rights under the Global Registered Security Certificate (but without 
prejudice to the rights any person may have under the relevant Deed of Covenant). 
Clearing Systems 
Any reference in this Base Prospectus to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC, Euroclear 
Sweden, Euroclear Finland and/or Euroclear France shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed 
to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearance system specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms.

--- Page 213 ---
BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
185 
 
SECTION F.5 – BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations 
and procedures of DTC, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear Sweden, Euroclear Finland 
or Euroclear France (together, the Clearing Systems) currently in effect.  
The information in this section concerning the Clearing Systems has been obtained from sources that the 
Issuers believe to be reliable, but none of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the 
CGMFL Guarantor and any Dealer takes any responsibility for the accuracy of such information, except 
that the Issuers and the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI) or the CGMFL Guarantor 
(where the Issuer is CGMFL) accept responsibility for accurately reproducing such information and, as 
far as the Issuers and the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI) or the CGMFL Guarantor 
(where the Issuer is CGMFL) are aware and are able to ascertain from information published by the 
relevant Clearing Systems, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading.  
Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing Systems are advised to confirm the continued 
applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant Clearing System. None of Citigroup 
Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL and the CGMFL Guarantor, and any other party to the 
Fiscal Agency Agreement, the relevant Swedish Agency Agreement or the Finnish Securities Issuing and 
Paying Agency Agreement, as the case may be, will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of 
the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Securities 
held through the facilities of any Clearing System or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any 
records relating to such beneficial ownership interests.  
Book-entry Systems 
DTC 
DTC has advised the Issuers that it is a limited purpose trust company organised under the New York 
Banking Law, a banking organisation within the meaning of the New York Banking Law, a member of 
the Federal Reserve System, a clearing corporation within the meaning of the New York Uniform 
Commercial Code and a clearing agency registered pursuant to Section 17A of the Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934. DTC holds securities that its participants (Direct Participants) deposit with DTC. DTC 
also facilitates the settlement among Direct Participants of sales and other securities transactions, such 
as transfers and pledges, in deposited securities through electronic computerised book-entry changes in 
Direct Participants' accounts, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of securities 
certificates. Direct Participants include both U.S. and non-U.S. securities brokers and dealers, banks, 
trust companies, clearing corporations and certain other organisations. DTC is a wholly-owned 
subsidiary of The Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation (DTCC). DTCC is the holding company for 
DTC, National Securities Clearing Corporation and Fixed Income Clearing Corporation, all of which are 
registered clearing agencies. DTCC is owned by the users of its regulation subsidiaries. Access to the 
DTC System is also available to others such as securities brokers and dealers, banks and trust companies 
that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a Direct Participant, either directly or 
indirectly (Indirect Participants and, together with Direct Participants, Participants). More 
information about DTCC can be found at www.dtcc.com. 
Under the rules, regulations and procedures creating and affecting DTC and its operations (the DTC 
Rules), DTC makes book-entry transfers of Registered Securities among Direct Participants on whose 
behalf it acts with respect to Securities accepted into DTC's book-entry settlement system (DTC 
Securities) as described below and receives and transmits distributions of principal, interest, termination 
or any other amounts due on DTC Securities. The DTC Rules are on file with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission. Direct Participants and Indirect Participants with which beneficial owners of DTC 
Securities (Owners) have accounts with respect to the DTC Securities similarly are required to make 
book-entry transfers and receive and transmit such payments on behalf of their respective Owners. 
Accordingly, although Owners who hold DTC Securities through Direct Participants or Indirect 
Participants will not possess Registered Securities, the DTC Rules, by virtue of the requirements 
described above, provide a mechanism by which Direct Participants will receive payments and will be 
able to transfer their interest in respect of the DTC Securities.

--- Page 214 ---
BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
186 
 
Purchases of DTC Securities under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct Participants, 
which will receive a credit for the DTC Securities on DTC's records. The ownership interest of each 
actual purchaser of each DTC Security (Beneficial Owner) is in turn to be recorded on the Direct 
Participant's and Indirect Participant's records. Beneficial Owners will not receive written confirmation 
from DTC of their purchase, but Beneficial Owners are expected to receive written confirmations 
providing details of the transaction, as well as periodic statements of their holdings, from the Direct 
Participant or Indirect Participant through which the Beneficial Owner entered into the transaction. 
Transfers of ownership interests in the DTC Securities are to be accomplished by entries made on the 
books of Participants acting on behalf of Beneficial Owners. Beneficial Owners will not receive 
certificates representing their ownership interests in DTC Securities, except in the event that use of the 
book-entry system for the DTC Securities is discontinued. 
To facilitate subsequent transfers, all DTC Securities deposited by Participants with DTC are registered 
in the name of DTC's partnership nominee, Cede & Co, or such other name as may be requested by an 
authorised representative of DTC. The deposit of DTC Securities with DTC and their registration in the 
name of Cede & Co. or such other DTC nominee effect no change in beneficial ownership. DTC has no 
knowledge of the actual Beneficial Owners of the DTC Securities; DTC's records reflect only the identity 
of the Direct Participants to whose accounts such DTC Securities are credited, which may or may not be 
the Beneficial Owners. The Participants will remain responsible for keeping account of their holdings on 
behalf of their customers. 
Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants 
to Indirect Participants, and by Direct Participants and Indirect Participants to Beneficial Owners will be 
governed by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in 
effect from time to time. 
Redemption notices shall be sent to DTC. If less than all of the DTC Securities within an issue are being 
redeemed, DTC's practice is to determine by lot the amount of the interest of each Direct Participant in 
such issue to be redeemed. 
Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. (nor any other DTC nominee) will consent or vote with respect to DTC 
Securities unless authorised by a Direct Participant in accordance with DTC's MMI Procedures. Under 
its usual procedures, DTC mails an Omnibus Proxy to the Issuer as soon as possible after the record date. 
The Omnibus Proxy assigns Cede & Co.'s consenting or voting rights to those Direct Participants to 
whose accounts the DTC Securities are credited on the record date (identified in a listing attached to the 
Omnibus Proxy). 
Principal, interest, termination or any other amounts due on the DTC Securities will be made to Cede & 
Co., or such other nominee as may be requested by an authorised representative of DTC. DTC's practice 
is to credit Direct Participants' accounts upon DTC's receipt of funds and corresponding detail 
information from the Issuer or the relevant agent (or such other nominee as may be requested by an 
authorised representative of DTC), on the relevant payment date in accordance with their respective 
holdings shown in DTC's records. Payments by Participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed by 
standing instructions and customary practices, as is the case with securities held for the accounts of 
customers, and will be the responsibility of such Participant and not of DTC or the Issuer, subject to any 
statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time. Payment of principal, interest, 
termination or any other amounts to DTC is the responsibility of the Issuer, disbursement of such 
payments to Direct Participants is the responsibility of DTC, and disbursement of such payments to the 
Beneficial Owners is the responsibility of Direct Participants and Indirect Participants. 
Under certain circumstances, DTC will exchange the DTC Securities for definitive Registered Securities, 
which it will distribute to its Participants in accordance with their proportionate entitlements and which 
will be legended as set forth under "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions". 
A Beneficial Owner shall give notice to elect to have its DTC Securities purchased or tendered, through 
its Participant, to the relevant agent, and shall effect delivery of such DTC Securities by causing the 
Direct Participant to transfer the Participant's interest in the DTC Securities, on DTC's records, to the 
relevant agent. The requirement for physical delivery of DTC Securities in connection with an optional 
tender or a mandatory purchase will be deemed satisfied when the ownership rights in the DTC Securities 
are transferred by Direct Participants on DTC's records and followed by a book-entry credit of tendered 
DTC Securities to the relevant agent's DTC account.

--- Page 215 ---
BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
187 
 
DTC may discontinue providing its services as depositary with respect to the DTC Securities at any time 
by giving reasonable notice to the Issuer or the relevant agent. Under such circumstances, in the event 
that a successor depositary is not obtained, DTC Security certificates are required to be printed and 
delivered. 
The Issuer may decide to discontinue use of the system of book-entry-only transfers through DTC (or a 
successor securities depositary). In that event, DTC Security certificates will be printed and delivered to 
DTC. 
Since DTC may only act on behalf of Direct Participants, who in turn act on behalf of Indirect 
Participants, any Owner desiring to pledge DTC Securities to persons or entities that do not participate 
in DTC, or otherwise take actions with respect to such DTC Securities, will be required to withdraw its 
Registered Securities from DTC as described below. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each holds securities for its customers and facilitates the 
clearance and settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their 
respective accountholders. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg provide various services including 
safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities 
lending and borrowing. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg also deal with domestic securities 
markets in several countries through established depository and custodial relationships. Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg have established an electronic bridge between their two systems across which 
their respective participants may settle trades with each other. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg customers are world-wide financial institutions, including 
underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. Indirect 
access to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear through or 
maintain a custodial relationship with an accountholder of either system. 
Euroclear Sweden 
Euroclear Sweden is a subsidiary within the Euroclear group of companies. It is authorised and regulated 
by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Sw. Finansinspektionen) as a central securities 
depository within the meaning of the Regulation (EU) No 909/2014 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 23 July 2014 on improving securities settlement in the European Union and on central 
securities depositories and amending Directives 98/26/EC and 2014/65/EU and Regulation (EU) No 
236/2012, the SFIA Act and as a clearing organisation within the meaning of the Swedish Securities 
Market Act (2007:528 (as amended)). Swedish Securities will be issued in registered, uncertificated and 
dematerialised book-entry form with Euroclear Sweden. No physical notes, certificates or other physical 
instruments (whether in global, temporary or definitive form) will be issued in respect of the Swedish 
Securities. All transactions relating to the Swedish Securities (such as issuance, sale and transfer, pledge 
arrangements and other dispositions and redemptions) are executed as computerised book-entry 
registrations. Consequently, in order to effect such entries holders must establish a book-entry account 
through a credit institution or a securities firm acting as an account operator at Euroclear Sweden. More 
information regarding Euroclear Sweden and its rules and operating procedures can be found at its 
internet web site at http://www.euroclear.com/sweden/sv.html.  
Euroclear Finland 
Euroclear Finland, a subsidiary within the Euroclear group of companies, is authorised and regulated as 
a central securities deposit within the meaning of the Finnish Act on the Book-Entry System and Clearing 
Operations (Fin. laki arvo-osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta (348/2017, as amended)). 
Euroclear Finland holds securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance and settlement of 
securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between its account holders. Euroclear Finland 
offers clearing and settlement of securities denominated in EUR through its systems. The systems support 
different types of securities, equities and interest-bearing cash instruments as well as the respective 
derivatives. Euroclear Finland does not act as a qualified intermediary. 
Euroclear France

--- Page 216 ---
BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
188 
 
Euroclear France is a subsidiary within the Euroclear group of companies. It is regulated by The Banque 
de France and the Autorité des Marchés financiers (AMF) and handles the full range of French 
government and corporate debt securities, global bonds, equities, warrants and investment funds. French 
Law Securities are issued in dematerialised form. French Law Securities must at all times be in book-
entry form in compliance with Articles L.211–3 and R.211–1 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
No physical notes, certificates or other physical instruments (whether in global, temporary or definitive 
form) will be issued in respect of the French Law Securities. All transactions relating to the French Law 
Securities (such as issuance, sale and transfer, pledge arrangements and other dispositions and 
redemptions) are executed as computerised book-entry registrations. Consequently, in order to effect 
such entries holders must establish a book-entry account through a credit institution or a securities firm 
having an account at Euroclear France. 
Book-entry Ownership of and Payments in respect of DTC Securities 
The Issuer may apply to DTC in order to have any Tranche of Securities represented by a Global 
Registered Security Certificate accepted in its book-entry settlement system. Upon the issue of any such 
Global Registered Security Certificate, DTC or its custodian will credit, on its internal book-entry 
system, the respective principal amounts or number of the individual beneficial interests represented by 
such Global Registered Security Certificate to the accounts of persons who have accounts with DTC. 
Such accounts initially will be designated by or on behalf of the relevant Dealer. Ownership of beneficial 
interests in such a Global Registered Security Certificate will be limited to Direct Participants or Indirect 
Participants, including, in the case of any Regulation S Global Registered Security Certificate, the 
respective depositories of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Ownership of beneficial interests in 
a Global Registered Security Certificate accepted by DTC will be shown on, and the transfer of such 
ownership will be effected only through, records maintained by DTC or its nominee (with respect to the 
interests of Direct Participants) and the records of Direct Participants (with respect to interests of Indirect 
Participants). 
Payments in U.S. dollars of principal, interest, termination or any other amounts in respect of a Global 
Registered Security Certificate accepted by DTC will be made to the order of DTC or its nominee as the 
registered holder of such Security.  In the case of any payment in a currency other than U.S. dollars, 
payment will be made to the Exchange Agent on behalf of DTC or its nominee and the Exchange Agent 
will (in accordance with instructions received by it) remit all or a portion of such payment for credit 
directly to the beneficial holders of interests in the Global Registered Security Certificate in the currency 
in which such payment was made and/or cause all or a portion of such payment to be converted into U.S. 
dollars and credited to the applicable Participants' account. 
The Issuer expects DTC to credit accounts of Direct Participants on the applicable payment date in 
accordance with their respective holdings as shown in the records of DTC unless DTC has reason to 
believe that it will not receive payment on such payment date. The Issuer also expects that payments by 
Participants to beneficial owners of Securities will be governed by standing instructions and customary 
practices, as is the case with securities held for the accounts of customers, and will be the responsibility 
of such Participant and not the responsibility of DTC, the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer 
is CGMHI), the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) or any Agent. Payment of principal, 
premium, interest, termination or any other amounts, if any, on Securities to DTC is the responsibility of 
the Issuer. 
Transfers of Securities Represented by Global Registered Security Certificates 
Transfers of any interests in Securities represented by a Global Registered Security Certificate within 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC (or in the case of French Cleared Securities only, 
Euroclear France) will be effected in accordance with the customary rules and operating procedures of 
the relevant clearing system and will be subject to the transfer restrictions described in this Base 
Prospectus. The laws in some States within the United States require that certain persons take physical 
delivery of securities in definitive form. Consequently, the ability to transfer Securities represented by a 
Global Registered Security Certificate to such persons may depend upon the ability to exchange such 
Securities for Securities in definitive form. Similarly, because DTC can only act on behalf of Direct 
Participants in the DTC system who in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, the ability of a person 
having an interest in Securities represented by a Global Registered Security Certificate accepted by DTC 
to pledge such Securities to persons or entities that do not participate in the DTC system or otherwise to 
take action in respect of such Securities may depend upon the ability to exchange such Securities for

--- Page 217 ---
BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
189 
 
Securities in definitive form. The ability of any holder of Securities represented by a Global Registered 
Security Certificate accepted by DTC to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer such Securities may be 
impaired if the proposed transferee of such Securities is not eligible to hold such Securities through a 
Direct Participant or Indirect Participant in the DTC system. 
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Registered Securities described 
under "Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions", cross-market transfers between 
DTC, on the one hand, and directly or indirectly through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
accountholders, on the other, will be effected by the relevant clearing system in accordance with its rules 
and through action taken by the Registrar, the Fiscal Agent and any custodian with whom the relevant 
Global Registered Security Certificates have been deposited. 
On or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of any Series, transfers of Securities of such Series between 
accountholders in Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and transfers of Securities of such Series 
between participants in DTC will generally have a settlement date three business days after the trade date 
(T+3). The customary arrangements for delivery versus payment will apply to such transfers. 
On or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of any Series, transfers of French Cleared Securities of 
such Series between accountholders in Euroclear France will generally have a settlement date two 
business days after the trade date (T+2) in the case of transactions conducted on trading venues. The 
customary arrangements for delivery versus payment will apply to such transfers. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC (or in the case of French Cleared Securities only, 
Euroclear France) have each published rules and operating procedures designed to facilitate transfers of 
beneficial interests in Global Registered Security Certificates among participants and accountholders of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC (or in the case of French Cleared Securities only, 
Euroclear France). However, they are under no obligation to perform or continue to perform such 
procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued or changed at any time. None of Citigroup Inc., 
CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor, the Agents and any Dealer will be 
responsible for any performance by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC (or in the case of 
French Cleared Securities only, Euroclear France) or their Direct or Indirect Participants or 
accountholders of their obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations nor will 
any of them have any liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of 
beneficial interests in the Securities represented by Global Registered Security Certificates or for 
maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial interests. 
Euroclear UK and Ireland (CREST)  
If so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, indirect interests in Securities will be accepted for settlement 
through Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited (formerly known as CRESTCo Limited) (CREST). Following 
their delivery into a clearing system, interests in the relevant Securities may be delivered, held and settled 
in CREST by means of the creation of CREST Depository Interests (CDIs) representing the interests in 
the relevant Securities. The CDIs will be issued by the CREST Depository Limited (the CREST 
Depository) to investors (CDI Holders) and will be governed by English law. 
The CDIs will represent indirect interests in the interest of CREST International Nominees Limited or 
any other body appointed to act as nominee on behalf of the CREST Depository (the CREST Nominee) 
in the relevant Securities. Pursuant to the documents setting out the legal relationship of CREST with its 
users and Participants (the CREST Manual), Securities held in global form by a common depositary 
may be settled through CREST, and the CREST Depository will issue CDIs. The CDIs will be 
independent securities, constituted under English law which may be held and transferred through 
CREST. 
Interests in the relevant Securities will be credited to the CREST Nominee's account with Euroclear and 
the CREST Nominee will hold such interests as nominee for the CREST Depository which will issue 
CDIs to the relevant CREST participants. 
Each CDI will be treated by the CREST Depository as if it were a relevant Security, for the purposes of 
determining all rights and obligations and all amounts payable in respect of such CDI. The CREST 
Depository will pass on to CDI Holders any interest or other amounts received by it as holder of the 
relevant Securities on trust for such CDI Holder. CDI Holders will also be able to receive from the

--- Page 218 ---
BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
190 
 
CREST Depository notices of meetings of holders of the relevant Securities and other relevant notices 
issued by the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI) or the CGMFL Guarantor 
(where the Issuer is CGMFL).  
Transfers of interests in Securities by a CREST participant to a participant of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will be effected by cancellation of the CDIs and transfer of an interest in such Securities to 
the account of the relevant participant with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The CDIs will have the same ISIN as the ISIN of the relevant Securities and will not require a separate 
listing. 
Prospective subscribers for Securities represented by CDIs are referred to Chapter 8 of the CREST 
International Manual which contains the form of the CREST Global Deed Poll (the CREST Deed Poll) 
to be entered into by the CREST Depository. The rights of the CDI Holders will be governed by the 
arrangements between CREST, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and the Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI) and the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) 
including the CREST Deed Poll (in the form contained in Chapter 8 of the CREST International Manual 
(as defined below)) executed by the CREST Depository. These rights may be different from those of 
holders of Securities which are not represented by CDIs. 
CDIs will be delivered, held and settled in CREST, by means of the CREST International Settlement 
Links Service (the CREST International Settlement Links Service). The settlement of the CDIs by 
means of the CREST International Settlement Links Service has the following consequences for CDI 
Holders: 
(a) 
CDI Holders will not be the legal owners of the relevant Securities. The CDIs are separate legal 
instruments from such Securities and represent an indirect interest in such Securities. 
(b) 
The relevant Securities themselves (as distinct from the CDIs representing indirect interests in 
such Securities) will be held in account with a custodian. The custodian will hold the relevant 
Securities through a clearing system. Rights in the relevant Securities will be held through 
custodial and depository links through the appropriate clearing systems. The legal title to the 
relevant Securities or to interests in such Securities will depend on the rules of the clearing 
system in or through which the relevant Securities are held. 
(c) 
Rights under the relevant Securities cannot be enforced by CDI Holders except indirectly 
through the intermediary depositories and custodians described above. The enforcement of 
rights under the relevant Securities will therefore be subject to the local law of the relevant 
intermediary. The rights of CDI Holders to the relevant Securities are represented by the 
entitlements against the CREST Depository which (through the CREST Nominee) holds 
interests in the relevant Securities. This could result in an elimination or reduction in the 
payments that otherwise would have been made in respect of the relevant Securities in the event 
of any insolvency or liquidation of the relevant intermediary, in particular where the relevant 
Securities held in clearing systems are not held in special purpose accounts and are fungible 
with other securities held in the same accounts on behalf of other customers of the relevant 
intermediaries. 
(d) 
The CDIs issued to CDI Holders will be constituted and issued pursuant to the CREST Deed 
Poll. CDI Holders will be bound by all provisions of the CREST Deed Poll and by all provisions 
of, or prescribed pursuant to, the CREST International Manual dated 3 January 2018 as 
amended, modified, varied or supplemented from time to time (the CREST International 
Manual) and the CREST Rules dated 1 October 2018, as amended, modified, varied or 
supplemented from time to time (the CREST Rules) (which, in each case, form part of the 
CREST Manual) applicable to the CREST International Settlement Links Service and CDI 
Holders must comply in full with all obligations imposed on them by such provisions. 
(e) 
Potential investors should note that the provisions of the CREST Deed Poll, the CREST 
International Manual and the CREST Rules contain indemnities, warranties, representations and 
undertakings to be given by CDI Holders and limitations on the liability of the Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI) or the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is 
CGMFL) and the CREST Depository.

--- Page 219 ---
BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
191 
 
(f) 
CDI Holders may incur liabilities resulting from a breach of any such indemnities, warranties, 
representations and undertakings in excess of the money invested by them. The attention of 
potential investors is drawn to the terms of the CREST Deed Poll, the CREST International 
Manual and the CREST Rules, copies of which are available from CREST at 33 Cannon Street, 
London EC4M 5SB or by calling +44 (0) 207 849 0000 or from the CREST website at 
www.euroclear.com/site/public/EUI. 
(g) 
Potential investors should note CDI Holders may be required to pay fees, charges, costs and 
expenses to the CREST Depository in connection with the use of the CREST International 
Settlement Links Service. These will include the fees and expenses charged by the CREST 
Depository in respect of the provision of services by it under the CREST Deed Poll and any 
taxes, duties, charges, costs or expenses which may be or become payable in connection with 
the holding of the CDIs through the CREST International Settlement Links Service. 
(h) 
Potential investors should note that none of the Issuers, the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer 
is CGMHI), the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL), any Dealer, any distributor, 
any Paying Agent, the Registrar and any Transfer Agent will have any responsibility for the 
performance by any intermediaries or their respective direct or indirect participants or 
accountholders of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their 
operations.

--- Page 220 ---
ERISA MATTERS 
192 
 
SECTION F.6 – ERISA MATTERS 
The U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA), prescribes rules 
pertaining to the management of "plan assets" of pension and other employee benefit plans subject to 
ERISA (ERISA Plans) and the appointment of parties who may manage such assets. Section 406 of 
ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code prohibit ERISA Plans, as well as those plans and other 
arrangements that are not subject to ERISA but that are subject to Section 4975 of the Code, such as 
individual retirement accounts and Keogh plans (together with ERISA Plans, Plans), and certain entities 
in which Plans invest, from engaging in certain transactions involving "plan assets" with persons who 
are "parties in interest" under ERISA or "disqualified persons" under Section 4975 of the Code with 
respect to such Plans. 
The rules and regulations applicable under ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code contain certain "look-
through" provisions. Under these provisions, if a Plan invests in an equity interest of an entity, the assets 
of the Plan will be deemed to include not only the equity interest but also an undivided interest in each 
of the underlying assets of the entity, unless an exception to the look-through rule were to apply. An 
"equity interest" is defined under the rule as any interest in an entity other than an instrument treated as 
indebtedness under applicable local law that has no substantial equity features. No assurance can be given 
that the Securities will not be treated as equity interests for these purposes. The look-through rule would 
not apply if the Securities or the Issuer qualified for an exception available under applicable rules. If a 
Plan were to acquire an interest in the Securities, and no exception to the look-through rule were to apply, 
the Issuer could be regarded as a plan asset entity and its assets and transactions could be attributed to 
the Plan investor. In this event, the Plan investor could be viewed as having improperly delegated to the 
Issuer responsibility for the management of the Plan's assets, and the transactions and holdings of the 
Issuer might result in violations of the prohibited transaction rules of ERISA and Section 4975 of the 
Code, as well as violations of other rules applicable under ERISA. 
In addition, certain governmental plans, church plans and non-U.S. plans (Non-ERISA Arrangements) 
are not subject to such provisions of ERISA or the Code, but may be subject to similar rules under other 
applicable laws or regulations. 
Based on the foregoing, the Securities may not be acquired or held by a Plan or Non-ERISA Arrangement 
or any party acting on behalf of or using the assets of a Plan or Non-ERISA Arrangement. Any purchaser 
or subsequent transferee of the Securities or any interest therein will be deemed to have represented by 
its purchase or holding of the Securities or any interest therein that it is not a Plan or Non-ERISA 
Arrangement and is not acting on behalf of or using the assets of a Plan or Non-ERISA Arrangement.

--- Page 221 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
193 
 
SECTION F.7 – SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING 
RESTRICTIONS 
Subject to the terms and conditions contained in an amended and restated Dealership Agreement dated 
11 December 2020 (as further amended, supplemented and/or restated, the Dealership Agreement) 
between, inter alia, Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor, 
the Arranger and the Dealers (as defined in the Dealership Agreement), the Securities will be offered on 
a continuous basis by the Issuer to the Dealers. However, each Issuer reserves the right to sell Securities 
directly on its own behalf to other entities and to offer Securities in specified jurisdictions directly to the 
public through distributors, in accordance with all applicable rules and regulations. Securities may be 
resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined 
by the Issuer or the relevant Dealer. The Securities may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, 
acting as agent of the Issuer. The Dealership Agreement also provides for Securities to be issued in 
syndicated Tranches which are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer and the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI) or the CGMFL Guarantor (where 
the Issuer is CGMFL) have agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with 
the offer and sale of the Securities issued by such Issuer, including in relation to liabilities arising under 
the Securities Act. The Dealership Agreement may be terminated in relation to all the Dealers and the 
Arranger or any of them by Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL and the CGMFL 
Guarantor or, in relation to itself and Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL and the 
CGMFL Guarantor, by any Dealer or the Arranger, at any time on giving not less than ten days' notice. 
Transfer Restrictions 
As a result of the following restrictions, purchasers of Securities are advised to consult legal counsel 
prior to making any purchase, offer, sale, resale or other transfer of such Securities. 
Each purchaser of Securities or any beneficial interest therein, by its acquisition or acceptance thereof 
will be deemed to acknowledge, represent and agree as follows (terms used in this paragraph that are 
defined in Rule 144A or in Regulation S are used in this Base Prospectus as defined in Rule 144A or in 
Regulation S): 
(a) 
(i) in the case of Securities issued by Citigroup Inc., CGMHI or CGMFL and offered and sold 
in reliance on Regulation S, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, that such purchaser is 
outside the United States and is not a U.S. person; or (ii) in the case of Notes issued by Citigroup 
Inc. or CGMHI and offered and sold in reliance on Rule 144A, as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, that such purchaser is a "qualified institutional buyer" (a QIB), purchasing (or 
holding) the Notes for its own account or for the account of one or more QIBs and it is aware 
that the offer and sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A; 
(b) 
that the Securities and, where the Issuer is CGMHI, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee or, where 
the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee are being offered and sold in a transaction 
not involving a public offering in the United States within the meaning of the Securities Act, 
and that the Securities, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee 
have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any U.S. State securities 
laws and may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except as set forth below with respect to Notes 
issued by Citigroup Inc., or CGMHI, and offered and sold in reliance on Rule 144A; 
(c) 
(i) in the case of Securities issued by Citigroup Inc., CGMHI or CGMFL and offered and sold 
in reliance on Regulation S, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, that such purchaser will 
not re-sell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Securities or any beneficial interest therein at any 
time within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person, other than the 
Issuer or any affiliate thereof; and (ii) in the case of Notes issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI 
and offered and sold in reliance on Rule 144A, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, that 
such purchaser will not re-sell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Notes or any beneficial interest 
therein at any time other than to (1) the Issuer or any affiliate thereof or (2) a person it reasonably 
believes is a QIB purchasing (or holding) for its own account or for the account of one or more 
QIBs in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A and in accordance with all 
applicable securities laws of the States of the United States and any other jurisdiction;

--- Page 222 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
194 
 
(d) 
it will, and will require each subsequent holder to, notify any purchaser of the Securities or any 
beneficial interest in any such Security from it of the resale restrictions referred to in paragraph 
(c) above; 
(e) 
that Notes offered and sold in the United States to QIBs in reliance on Rule 144A will be 
represented by one or more Rule 144A Global Registered Security Certificates, and that 
Securities offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on 
Regulation S will be represented by one or more Regulation S Global Registered Security 
Certificates; 
(f) 
it is not, and its purchase and holding of the Securities is not made on behalf of or with "plan 
assets" of, an employee benefit plan subject to Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income 
Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA), a plan, individual retirement account or other 
arrangement subject to Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended 
(the Code) or an employee benefit plan or other plan or arrangement subject to any laws, rules 
or regulations substantially similar to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code; 
(g) 
that the Rule 144A Global Registered Security Certificates, will bear a legend in substantially 
the following form:  
"[NEITHER]* THIS GLOBAL SECURITY [NOR THE CGMHI DEED OF GUARANTEE]* 
[HAS NOT BEEN]** [HAS BEEN]* NOR WILL BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT) OR WITH ANY 
SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION 
OF THE UNITED STATES AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, 
PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THE 
FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION OF AN INTEREST HEREIN, THE 
HOLDER (A) REPRESENTS THAT IT IS A "QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER" (AS 
DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) PURCHASING THE NOTES 
REPRESENTED HEREBY FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF ONE 
OR MORE QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS; (B) AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT 
RESELL, PLEDGE OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THE NOTES REPRESENTED HEREBY 
AT ANY TIME OTHER THAN (1) TO THE ISSUER OR ANY AFFILIATE THEREOF OR 
(2) TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED 
INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT 
OF ONE OR MORE QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS IN A TRANSACTION 
MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND 
IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE STATES OF 
THE UNITED STATES AND ANY OTHER JURISDICTION; (C) REPRESENTS THAT IT 
IS NOT, AND ITS PURCHASE AND HOLDING OF THE NOTES IS NOT MADE ON 
BEHALF OF OR WITH "PLAN ASSETS" OF, AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN SUBJECT 
TO TITLE I OF THE U.S. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, 
AS AMENDED (ERISA), A PLAN, INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT ACCOUNT OR OTHER 
ARRANGEMENT SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE CODE) OR AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN OR 
OTHER PLAN OR ARRANGEMENT SUBJECT TO ANY LAWS, RULES OR 
REGULATIONS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO TITLE I OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 
OF THE CODE; AND (D) IT AGREES THAT IT WILL DELIVER TO EACH PERSON TO 
WHOM AN INTEREST IN THIS GLOBAL SECURITY IS TRANSFERRED A NOTICE 
SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND. THE NOTES [, THE CGMHI 
DEED OF GUARANTEE]* [AND ANY ENTITLEMENT]*** DO NOT CONSTITUTE, AND 
HAVE NOT BEEN MARKETED AS, CONTRACTS OF SALE OF A COMMODITY FOR 
FUTURE DELIVERY (OR OPTIONS THEREON) SUBJECT TO THE U.S. COMMODITY 
EXCHANGE ACT, AS AMENDED (THE CEA), AND TRADING IN THE NOTES HAS 
NOT BEEN APPROVED BY THE U.S. COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING 
COMMISSION PURSUANT TO THE CEA. THE ISSUER RESERVES THE RIGHT TO 
REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF SUCH LEGAL OPINIONS, CERTIFICATIONS OR OTHER 
EVIDENCE AS MAY REASONABLY BE REQUIRED IN ORDER TO DETERMINE THAT 
ANY PROPOSED TRANSFER OF ANY INTEREST HEREIN IS BEING MADE IN

--- Page 223 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
195 
 
COMPLIANCE WITH THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS, THE SECURITIES ACT AND 
APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. 
THIS GLOBAL SECURITY AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, 
WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE FISCAL AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO 
HEREIN) MAY BE AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT 
THE CONSENT OF, BUT WITH NOTICE TO, THE HOLDERS OF INTERESTS IN THIS 
GLOBAL SECURITY, GIVEN IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE CONDITIONS, TO 
MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES FOR RESALES AND OTHER 
TRANSFERS OF INTERESTS IN THIS GLOBAL SECURITY TO REFLECT ANY 
CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION (OR THE INTERPRETATION 
THEREOF) OR IN PRACTICES RELATING TO RESALES OR OTHER TRANSFERS OF 
RESTRICTED SECURITIES GENERALLY. ANY HOLDER OF AN INTEREST IN THIS 
GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE 
THEREOF, TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT 
(EACH OF WHICH SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING ON SUCH HOLDER AND 
ALL FUTURE HOLDERS OF INTERESTS IN THIS GLOBAL SECURITY AND ANY 
NOTES ISSUED IN EXCHANGE OR SUBSTITUTION THEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT 
ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS MADE HEREON)."; 
(h) 
that the Regulation S Global Registered Security Certificates will bear a legend in substantially 
the following form:  
"[NEITHER]* THIS GLOBAL SECURITY [NOR THE CGMHI DEED OF GUARANTEE]* 
[NOR THE CGMFL DEED OF GUARANTEE]* [HAS NOT BEEN]** [HAS BEEN]* NOR 
WILL BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED 
(THE SECURITIES ACT) OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY 
OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES, AND MAY NOT 
AT ANY TIME BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED 
WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. 
PERSONS (AS SUCH TERMS ARE USED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES 
ACT), OTHER THAN THE ISSUER OR ANY AFFILIATE THEREOF, AND PAYMENTS 
[AND/OR DELIVERIES]*** ON THE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE MADE TO ANY U.S. 
PERSON OR ANY PERSON WITHIN THE UNITED STATES. CERTIFICATION OF NON-
U.S. BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP MAY BE REQUIRED AS A CONDITION TO 
RECEIVING ANY PAYMENTS [AND/OR DELIVERIES]*** ON THE SECURITIES. BY 
ITS ACQUISITION OF AN INTEREST HEREIN, THE HOLDER REPRESENTS THAT IT 
IS NOT, AND ITS PURCHASE AND HOLDING OF THE SECURITIES IS NOT MADE ON 
BEHALF OF OR WITH "PLAN ASSETS" OF, AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN SUBJECT 
TO TITLE I OF THE U.S. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, 
AS AMENDED (ERISA), A PLAN, INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT ACCOUNT OR OTHER 
ARRANGEMENT SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE CODE) OR AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN OR 
OTHER PLAN OR ARRANGEMENT SUBJECT TO ANY LAWS, RULES OR 
REGULATIONS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO TITLE I OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 
OF THE CODE. THE SECURITIES [THE CGMHI DEED OF GUARANTEE]* [THE CGMFL 
DEED OF GUARANTEE]* [AND ANY ENTITLEMENT]*** DO NOT CONSTITUTE, 
AND HAVE NOT BEEN MARKETED AS, CONTRACTS OF SALE OF A COMMODITY 
FOR FUTURE DELIVERY (OR OPTIONS THEREON) SUBJECT TO THE U.S. 
COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT, AS AMENDED (THE CEA), AND TRADING IN THE 
SECURITIES HAS NOT BEEN APPROVED BY THE U.S. COMMODITY FUTURES 
TRADING COMMISSION PURSUANT TO THE CEA. THE ISSUER RESERVES THE 
RIGHT TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY OF SUCH LEGAL OPINIONS, CERTIFICATIONS 
OR OTHER EVIDENCE AS MAY REASONABLY BE REQUIRED IN ORDER TO 
DETERMINE THAT ANY PROPOSED TRANSFER OF ANY INTEREST HEREIN IS 
BEING MADE IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS AND THE 
SECURITIES ACT."; 
(i) 
that it has been afforded an opportunity to request from the Issuer (and the CGMHI Guarantor 
or the CGMFL Guarantor, if applicable) and to review all additional information it considers to 
be necessary to verify the accuracy of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the

--- Page 224 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
196 
 
applicable Issue Terms or otherwise and it has not relied on the Dealers or any person affiliated 
with the Dealers in connection with its investigation of the accuracy of such information or its 
investment decision; and 
(j) 
that the Issuer and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements and agrees that if any of such 
acknowledgements, representations or agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it shall 
promptly notify the Issuer; and if it is acquiring any Securities as a fiduciary or agent for one or 
more accounts it represents that it has sole investment discretion with respect to each such 
account and that it has full power to make the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and 
agreements on behalf of each such account. 
No sale of Notes in the United States in reliance on Rule 144A to any one purchaser will be for less than 
U.S.$100,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) in principal amount and no Note will be issued in 
connection with such a sale in a smaller principal amount. If the purchaser is a non-bank fiduciary acting 
on behalf of others, each person for whom it is acting must purchase at least U.S.$100,000 (or its foreign 
currency equivalent) in principal amount of Registered Securities. 
United States of America 
The Securities, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee have not been and 
will not be registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws. Trading in the Securities has 
not been approved by the United States Commodity Futures Trading Commission under the United States 
Commodity Exchange Act, as amended. No issue of Securities may be offered or sold within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except, in the case of Notes issued by Citigroup 
Inc. or CGMHI and offered and sold in reliance on Rule 144A, to "qualified institutional buyers" 
("QIBs"), each purchasing (or holding) for its own account or for the account of one or more QIBs, in a 
transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A and in accordance with all applicable securities laws 
of the States of the United States and any other jurisdiction. The Securities, the CGMHI Deed of 
Guarantee, the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee and any Entitlements to be delivered in respect of any 
Physical Delivery Securities do not constitute, and have not been marketed as, contracts of sale of a 
commodity for future delivery (or options thereon) subject to the United States Commodity Exchange 
Act, as amended, and trading in the Securities has not been approved by the United States Commodity 
Futures Trading Commission under the United States Commodity Exchange Act, as amended. Terms 
used in this section have the meanings given to them by Regulation S or Rule 144A under the Securities 
Act. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it, its affiliates (if any) and any person acting on its or their 
behalf (i) have not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Securities at any time within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, except, in the case of Notes issued by Citigroup 
Inc. or CGMHI and offered and sold in reliance on Rule 144A, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
to persons it reasonably believes to be QIBs, each purchasing (or holding) for its own account or for the 
account of one or more QIBs and (ii) at or prior to confirmation of sale of Securities offered in reliance 
on Regulation S, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, it will have sent to each distributor, dealer 
or person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration that purchases such Securities from 
it a confirmation or other notice stating that such distributor, dealer or person is subject to the restrictions 
on offers and sales of such Securities within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons that are set forth herein. 
An offer or sale of Securities within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person 
by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) at any time may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an 
available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Dealers, directly or through their respective U.S. broker dealer affiliates, may arrange for the resale of 
Notes issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI and offered and sold in reliance on Rule 144A to QIBs 
pursuant to Rule 144A and each purchaser of such Notes is hereby notified that the Dealers are relying 
on the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A and 
one or more exemptions and/or exclusions from regulation under the United States Commodity Exchange 
Act, as amended. The minimum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be purchased by a QIB 
pursuant to Rule 144A is U.S.$100,000 (or the approximate equivalent thereof in any other Specified

--- Page 225 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
197 
 
Currency). To the extent that Citigroup Inc. is not subject to or does not comply with the reporting 
requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act or the information furnishing requirements of 
Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder, Citigroup Inc. and CGMHI have agreed to furnish to holders of Notes offered 
and sold in reliance on Rule 144A and to prospective purchasers designated by such holders, upon 
request, such information as may be required by Rule 144A(d)(4). 
Each issuance of Securities shall be subject to such additional U.S. selling restrictions as the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s) may agree with the Issuer as a term of the issuance and purchase or, as the case 
may be, subscription of such Securities. Each Dealer agrees that it shall offer, sell and deliver such 
Securities only in compliance with such additional U.S. selling restrictions. 
CGMFL does not intend to issue, offer or sell any Securities within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, any U.S. person. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors 
Other than as may be provided in the applicable Issue Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it 
has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any 
Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by 
the Issue Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA or the United Kingdom. For the 
purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, varied or replaced from time to time, MiFID II); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the 
Prospectus Regulation); and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable 
an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Securities. 
Where the applicable Issue Terms in respect of any Securities specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA and 
UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable" or as applicable other than with respect to offers of the 
Securities in certain specified jurisdiction(s) and/or for specified periods of time, then, if "Not 
Applicable" is so specified, in relation to each Member State of the EEA and the United Kingdom (each 
a Relevant State) or, if "Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors" is specified as applicable 
other than with respect to offers of the Securities in certain Relevant States and/or for specified periods 
of time, in relation to each such Relevant State and (if applicable) such period(s) of time, each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Securities which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto 
to the public in that Relevant State except that it may make an offer of such Securities to the public in 
that Relevant State and/or for the specified periods: 
(a) 
if the final terms in relation to the Securities specify that an offer of those Securities may be 
made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State (a 
Non-exempt Offer), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such 
Securities which has been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant State or, where 
appropriate, approved in another Relevant State and notified to the competent authority in that 
Relevant State, PROVIDED THAT any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by 
the final terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final 
terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that 
Non-exempt Offer;

--- Page 226 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
198 
 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
PROVIDED THAT no such offer of Securities referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Securities to the public" in relation to 
any Securities in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Securities, and the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended). 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under this Programme will 
be required to represent and agree that, in relation to any offering of Securities to which MiFID II and 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 (MiFIR) applies, that such offering is in accordance with the applicable 
rules set out in MiFID II (including any applicable national transposition of MiFID II) and MiFIR, 
including that any commission, fee or non-monetary benefit received from the Issuer complies with such 
rules. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
Securities with maturities of less than one year: in relation to any Securities which have a 
maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its 
business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Securities other than to 
persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable 
to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Securities would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the FSMA) by the 
Issuer;  
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the 
issue or sale of any Securities in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not 
apply to any of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor and CGMFL or, in the case of 
the CGMFL Guarantor, would not if the CGMFL Guarantor was not an authorised person, apply 
to the CGMFL Guarantor;  
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the 
FSMA and the Financial Conduct Authority Handbook with respect to anything done by it in 
relation to any Securities in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom; and 
(d) 
Commissions and fees: 
(i) 
if it is distributing Securities that are "retail investment products" (as such term is defined 
in the Financial Conduct Authority Handbook) into the United Kingdom and it is entitled 
to receive any commission or fee from the Issuer, it will not transfer any part of that 
commission or fee to any third party who may advise retail investors to purchase a 
Security that is a retail investment product; and

--- Page 227 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
199 
 
(ii) 
if it is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority to provide investment 
advice to retail investors in the United Kingdom and it is providing advice to retail 
investors in respect of a Security that is a retail investment product, it undertakes not to 
request any commission, fee or benefit of any kind from the Issuer and to otherwise reject 
any such payment or benefit offered to it other than in circumstances where the Issuer 
has agreed to facilitate the payment of an advisory fee and has the express consent of the 
retail investor to do so. 
Australia 
No prospectus or other disclosure document (as defined in the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia) in 
relation to the Programme or the Securities has been, or will be, lodged with the Australian Securities 
and Investments Commission ("ASIC"). Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that, unless the applicable Issue 
Terms (or any other supplement to this Base Prospectus) otherwise provides, it: 
(a) 
has not made or invited, and will not make or invite, an offer for the issue, sale or purchase of 
the Securities in, to or from Australia (including an offer or invitation which is received by a 
person in Australia); and 
(b) 
has not distributed or published, and will not distribute or publish, this Base Prospectus or any 
other offering material or advertisement relating to any Securities in Australia; 
unless: 
(i) 
the aggregate consideration payable by each offeree is at least A$500,000 (or its 
equivalent in an alternative currency, and in either case disregarding moneys lent by the 
offeror or its associates) or the offer or invitation does not otherwise require disclosure 
to be made to investors in accordance with Parts 6D.2 or 7.9 of the Corporations Act 
2001 of Australia; 
(ii) 
the offer or invitation does not constitute an offer to a "retail client" for the purposes of 
section 761G of the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia; 
(iii) 
such action complies with all applicable laws, regulations and directives; and  
(iv) 
such action does not require any document to be lodged with ASIC or any other 
regulatory authority in Australia. 
This Base Prospectus is not a disclosure document under Part 6D.2 of the Corporations Act 2001 of 
Australia or a product disclosure statement under Part 7.9 of the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia.  It 
is not required to, and does not purport to, contain all the information which would be required in a 
disclosure document or a product disclosure statement under the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia.  
This Base Prospectus has not been prepared specifically for Australian investors and it: 
• 
may contain references to dollar amounts which are not Australian dollars; 
• 
may contain financial information which is not prepared in accordance with Australian law or 
practices; 
• 
may not address risks associated with investment in foreign currency denominated investments; 
and 
• 
does not address Australian tax issues. 
Austria 
In addition to the cases described in the section entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail 
Investors" above, the Securities may be offered for the first time in Austria only once a notification with 
the Austrian Control Bank (Oesterreichische Kontrollbank Aktiengesellschaft), all as prescribed by the 
Austrian Capital Market Act 2019 (Kapitalmarktgesetz 2019), as amended, has been filed as soon as 
possible prior to the commencement of the relevant offer of the Securities.

--- Page 228 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
200 
 
The Kingdom of Bahrain 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any Securities 
except on a private placement basis to persons in the Kingdom of Bahrain who are "accredited investors". 
For this purpose, an "accredited investor" means: 
(a) 
an individual holding financial assets (either singly or jointly with their spouse) of 
U.S.$1,000,000 or more, excluding that person's principal place of residence; 
(b) 
a company, partnership, trust or other commercial undertaking which has financial assets 
available for investment of not less than U.S.$1,000,000; or 
(c) 
a government, supranational organisation, central bank or other national monetary authority or 
a state organisation whose main activity is to invest in financial instruments (such as a state 
pension fund). 
Belgium 
For selling restrictions in respect of Belgium, please see the section entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
and UK Retail Investors" above. 
This Base Prospectus has not been submitted for approval to the Financial Services and Markets 
Authority. Accordingly, investment instruments (as defined in the law of 11 July 2018 on offerings to 
the public of investment instruments and the admission of investment instruments to trading on regulated 
markets, as amended or replaced from time to time (the Prospectus Law) that do not qualify as securities 
(as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), including Securities that have a maturity of less than 12 months 
and qualify as money market instruments, and that therefore fall outside the scope of the Prospectus 
Regulation, may not be distributed in Belgium by way of an offering to the public, as defined in and 
subject to the exemptions set out in the Prospectus Law. 
Unless the Issue Terms in respect of any Securities specify "Prohibition of sales to consumers in 
Belgium" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold 
and it will not offer or sell the Securities to, any consumer (consument/consommateur) within the 
meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Wetboek van economisch recht/Code de droit 
économique) in Belgium. 
Brazil 
Securities have not been and will not be issued or publicly placed, distributed, offered or negotiated in 
the Brazilian capital markets. None of the relevant Issuer and, where CGMHI is the relevant Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor and, where CGMFL is the relevant Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor and the issuance 
of any Securities have been or will be registered with the Comissão de Valores Mobiliários ("CVM") 
(Brazilian Securities Commission). Any public offering or distribution, as defined under Brazilian laws 
and regulations, of Securities in Brazil is not legal without prior registration under Law No. 6,385, of 7 
December 1976, as amended, and Instruction No. 400, issued by the CVM on 29 December 2003, as 
amended, or exempt from registration as permitted under Instruction No. 476, issued by the CVM on 
16 January 2009. Documents relating to the offering of any Securities, as well as information contained 
therein, may not be supplied to the public in Brazil (as the offering of any such Securities is not a public 
offering of securities in Brazil), nor be used in connection with any offer for subscription or sale of 
Securities to the public in Brazil. Therefore, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it 
will not offer or sell Securities in the Federative Republic of Brazil except in circumstances which do 
not constitute a public offering or distribution under Brazilian laws and regulations. 
British Virgin Islands 
An offer of the Securities shall not constitute an offer, invitation or solicitation to any member of the 
public in the British Virgin Islands for purposes of the Securities and Investment Business Act, 2010, of 
the British Virgin Islands.

--- Page 229 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
201 
 
Chile 
Securities issued under the Programme are being offered from the date hereof solely to Qualified 
Investors (Inversionistas Calificados) pursuant to the provisions of General Rule No. 336 of the 
Superintendencia de Valores y Seguros (currently, the Comisión para el Mercado Financiero or 
"CMF"). The Securities have not been and will not be registered with the Chilean Securities Registry or 
the Registry of Foreign Securities of the CMF and, therefore, the Securities are not subject to oversight 
by the CMF and may not be sold publicly in Chile. Since the Securities have not been registered (as 
described above), the Issuer of the Securities is not obligated to make information available publicly in 
Chile regarding the Securities. The Securities may not be subject to a public offer until they are registered 
in the corresponding Securities Registry. 
Las Notas emitidas bajo el Programa son ofrecidas desde esta fecha solo a Inversionistas Calificados 
bajo las disposiciones de la Norma de Carácter General No. 336 de la Superintendencia de Valores y 
Seguros (hoy, la Comisión para el Mercado Financiero o "CMF"). Las Notas no han sido ni serán 
registradas en el Registro de Valores ni el Registro de Valores Extranjeros de la CMF y, por tanto, las 
Notas no están sujetas a la fiscalización de la CMF ni pueden ser públicamente ofrecidas en Chile. Por 
tratarse de valores no inscritos, no existe obligación por parte del emisor de entregar en Chile obligación 
pública respecto de estos valores. Las Notas no podrán ser objeto de oferta pública mientras no sean 
registradas en el Registro de Valores correspondiente. 
Colombia 
The Securities cannot and will not be publicly offered in Colombia, but may be "promoted" (as such term 
is defined by Article 4.1.1.1.1. of Decree 2555 of 2010) to a determined, limited number of persons (less 
than 100) in Colombia by the authorised personnel of a firm authorised to execute "promotion" activities 
of foreign securities in Colombia. The Securities have not been and will not be registered on the 
Colombian National Registry of Securities and Issuers (Registro Nacional de Valores y Emisores) or 
before the Colombian Stock Exchange. Accordingly, the distribution of any documentation in regards to 
the Programme will not constitute a public offering of securities. 
Costa Rica 
Securities have not been and will not be registered with the Superintendencia General de Valores (Costa 
Rica's General Superintendency of Securities or "SUGEVAL") and, therefore, the Securities are not 
authorised for public offering in Costa Rica and may not be offered, placed, distributed, commercialised 
and/or negotiated publicly in Costa Rica. Documents relating to the offering of the Securities, as well as 
information contained in such documents, may not be offered publicly in Costa Rica, nor be used in 
connection with any public offering for subscription or sale of the Securities in Costa Rica. 
Czech Republic 
This Base Prospectus has not been and will not be approved by the Czech National Bank. No action has 
been taken (including the obtaining of the prospectus approval from the Czech National Bank and the 
admission to trading on a regulated market (as defined in section 55(1) of the Act of the Czech Republic 
No. 256/2004 Coll., on Conducting Business in the Capital Market, as amended (the "Czech Capital 
Market Act")) for the purposes of the Securities to qualify as securities admitted to trading on the 
regulated market within the meaning of the Czech Capital Market Act. 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree 
that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any Securities in the Czech Republic through a 
public offering (being a communication to persons in any form and by any means, presenting sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the securities to be offered, so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for those securities), except if in strict compliance with all applicable provisions 
of the Prospectus Regulation and the Czech Capital Market Act. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree with the Issuer and each other Dealer that it has complied with and will 
comply with all the requirements of the Czech Capital Market Act and has not taken, and will not take, 
any action which would result in the Securities being deemed to have been issued pursuant to Czech law 
or in the Czech Republic, the issue of the Securities being classed as "accepting of deposits from the

--- Page 230 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
202 
 
public" by the Issuer in the Czech Republic under Section 2(2) of the Act of the Czech Republic No. 
21/1992 Coll., on Banks, as amended (the "Czech Banking Act") or requiring a permit, registration, 
filing or notification to the Czech National Bank or other authorities in the Czech Republic in respect of 
the Securities in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, the Czech Capital Market Act, the Czech 
Banking Act or the practice of the Czech National Bank, except for due and timely completion of the 
notification procedure in respect of this Base Prospectus for the purposes of any public offering of the 
Securities in the Czech Republic in accordance with all applicable provisions of the Czech Capital Market 
Act. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree with the Issuer and each other Dealer that it has complied with and will 
comply with all the laws of the Czech Republic applicable to the conduct of business in the Czech 
Republic (including the laws applicable to the provision of investment services (within the meaning of 
the Czech Capital Market Act) in the Czech Republic) in respect of the Securities. 
Each Dealer has not taken and will not take and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required not to take any action which would result in the issue of the Securities being considered an 
intention to manage assets by acquiring funds from the public in the Czech Republic for the purposes of 
collective investment pursuant to defined investment policy in favour of the investors under the Act of 
the Czech Republic No. 240/2013 Coll., on Management Companies and Investment Funds, as amended 
(the "MCIFA"), which implements the Directive 2011/61/EU. Any issue, offer or sale of the Securities 
has been or will be carried out in strict compliance with the MCIFA. 
Republic of Cyprus 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Securities, except in conformity with the 
provisions of the Public Offer and Prospectus Law, Law 114(I)/2005 (as amended) (the 
"Prospectus Law") and the provisions of the Cyprus Companies Law, cap.113 (as amended) 
and only if such offer falls  within the exemptions provided under s.4(3) of the Prospectus Law; 
(b) 
it has not and will not offer or sell any Securities other than in compliance with the provisions 
of the Investment Services and Activities and Regulated Markets Law, Law 87(I)/2017 (the 
"ISARM"); and 
(c) 
it will not be providing from or within Cyprus any "Investment Services", "Investment 
Activities" and "Non-Core Services" (as such terms are defined in the ISARM) in relation to the 
Securities or will be otherwise providing Investment Services, Investment Activities and Non-
Core Services to residents or persons domiciled in Cyprus. Each Dealer has represented, 
warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent, warrant and agree, that it will not be concluding in Cyprus any transaction relating 
to such Investment Services, Investment Activities and Non-Core Services in contravention of 
the ISARM and/or applicable regulations adopted pursuant thereto or in relation thereto. 
Denmark 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that it has not offered or sold and will not offer, sell or deliver any 
Securities directly or indirectly in Denmark by way of public offering, unless in compliance with the 
Danish Capital Markets Act (Consolidation Act No. 377 of 2 April 2020, as amended from time to time), 
including Executive Order No. 369 of 9 April 2019 and any other executive orders issued thereunder 
from time to time. 
For the purposes of this provision, an offer of Securities to the public in Denmark means the 
communication in any form and by any means and through any distribution channel of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the relevant Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor 
in Denmark to decide to purchase or subscribe for such Securities.

--- Page 231 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
203 
 
Dominican Republic 
Securities have not been and will not be registered with the Superintendence of Securities of the 
Dominican Republic (Superintendencia de Mercado de Valores de la Republica Dominicana) and each 
Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree that it will not offer or sell Securities in the Dominican 
Republic, except in circumstances which do not constitute a public offering under Dominican laws and 
regulations. 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered and will not offer the Securities to any person 
in the Dubai International Financial Centre unless such offer is: 
(a) 
an "Exempt Offer" in accordance with the Markets Rules (MKT) Module of the Dubai 
Financial Services Authority (the DFSA) rulebook; and 
(b) 
made only to persons who meet the Professional Client criteria set out in Rule 2.3.3 of the 
Conduct of Business Module of the DFSA rulebook. 
Ecuador 
Securities have not been and will not be registered in the Public Registry of the Stock Market (Catastro 
Público del Mercado de Valores) nor the Quito or Guayaquil Stock Exchange (Bolsa de Valores de Quito 
or Guayaquil) and each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it will not offer or sell 
Securities in Ecuador except through private transactions and under circumstances which do not 
constitute a public offering under the book II of the Monetary and Financial Organic Code (libro II del 
Código Orgánico Monetario y Financiero) or other regulations. 
El Salvador 
Securities have not been and will not be registered with the Bolsa de Valores de El Salvador (Stock 
Exchange of El Salvador) nor the Registro Público Bursátil of the Superintendencia del Sistema 
Financiero de El Salvador (Public Stock Exchange Registry of El Salvador's Financial System 
Superintendence) and each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it will not offer or 
sell Securities in the Republic of El Salvador except in circumstances which do not constitute a public 
offering or distribution under Salvadoran laws and regulations. 
Finland 
Securities, including Finnish Securities, issued under the Programme may not be marketed, offered or 
sold, or this Base Prospectus be distributed, directly or indirectly, to any resident of the Republic of 
Finland or in the Republic of Finland, except pursuant to applicable Finnish laws and regulations. Unless 
the applicable Final Terms specify that a non-exempt offer of such Securities to the public or admission 
to trading on a regulated market thereof, as referred to in the Finnish Securities Markets Act 
(Arvopaperimarkkinalaki 14.12.2012/746, as amended), is made in Finland in accordance and 
compliance with the applicable Finnish laws and regulations, the Securities may not be marketed, offered 
or sold or this Base Prospectus be distributed, directly or indirectly, to any resident of the Republic of 
Finland or in the Republic of Finland, other than to a limited number of pre-selected non-qualified 
investors not exceeding 149, to qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation or to be 
acquired for a consideration of at least EUR 100,000 per investor with regard to an offer or in 
denominations of at least EUR 100,000 in nominal or counter value. This Base Prospectus is strictly for 
private use by its recipients and may not be passed on to third parties or otherwise distributed publicly. 
This Base Prospectus has not been approved by the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority. 
France 
Each of the Dealers and each Issuer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that:

--- Page 232 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
204 
 
(i) 
Offer to the public non exempted from the obligation to publish a prospectus in France: 
it has only made and will only make an offer of Securities to the public non exempted 
from the obligation to publish a prospectus in France in the period beginning (i) when a 
prospectus in relation to those Securities has been approved by the Autorité des marchés 
financiers ("AMF"), on the date of such publication or, (ii) when a prospectus has been 
approved by the competent authority of another Member State of the EEA (including the 
UK) in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation No. 2017/1129, as amended, on 
the date of notification of such approval to the AMF in accordance with Article 25 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, and ending at the latest on the date which is 12 months after the 
date of approval of the prospectus, all in accordance with Articles 3 and 12 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, Articles L. 412-1 and L. 621-8 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier (CMF) and the Règlement général of the AMF (RG AMF); or 
(ii) 
Offer to the public exempted from the obligation to publish a prospectus (Private 
placement) in France: 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Securities to the 
public in France, and has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute 
or cause to be distributed to the public in France, this Base Prospectus, the applicable 
Issue Terms or any other offering material relating to the Securities. Such offers, sales 
and distributions have been and will be made in France only in circumstances that do 
constitute an offer to the public exempted from the obligation to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to Articles L.411-2 and L.411-2-1 of the CMF and more particularly to (a) 
qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) as defined in, and in accordance with Article 
L. 411-2 1° of the CMF and Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation and/or (b) a 
restricted circle of investors (cercle restreint d'investisseurs), other than qualified 
investors, provided that such investors are acting for their own account, in accordance 
with Articles L.411-2 1° and D.411-4 of the CMF and/or (c) to investors who acquire 
Securities for a total consideration of at least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in another 
currency) per investor, for each separate offer in accordance with Article L. 411-2-1 2° 
of the CMF and Article 211-2 II of the RG AMF and/or (d) Securities whose nominal 
amount or equivalent amounts is at least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in another 
currency) in accordance with Article L. 411-2-1 3° of the CMF and Article 211-2 III of 
the RG AMF. 
Guatemala 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Securities have been registered with the Registro del Mercado de 
Valores y Mercancias de la Republica de Guatemala (Guatemala's National Registry for the Supervision 
of the Commercialisation of Securities) and, therefore, no Securities may be publicly offered in 
Guatemala or through Guatemalan broker/dealers. 
The Securities are being placed privately or publicly in several markets outside of Guatemala, and 
Guatemalan residents interested in acquiring the Securities must accept (preferably) in writing that they 
are the ones making the approach to purchase such Securities, and must do it through the services of 
broker dealers active in those markets, and enter into transactions under laws other than Guatemalan law. 
Neither the Regulations for Initial Public Offerings and Sale of Securities contained in the Law of the 
Securities and Commodities Market (Ley del Mercado de Valores y Mercancias) nor any other 
Guatemalan Law or Regulation, nor the obligations regarding the information or risk rating applicable 
to securities registered with the Registro de Valores y Mercancias de la Republica de Guatemala apply 
to the Securities or any offering thereof. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell Securities publicly in the Republic of 
Guatemala. The Guatemalan Registro de Valores y Mercancias de la Republica de Guatemala has not 
reviewed or approved this Base Prospectus. This Base Prospectus may not be publicly distributed in 
Guatemala, nor shall any advertising of this Base Prospectus take place in the territory of the Republic 
of Guatemala.

--- Page 233 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
205 
 
Guatemalan residents may be subject to Guatemalan tax laws. 
Honduras 
Neither the Issuers nor any Securities issued under the Programme have been, nor will they be, registered 
with the Honduran Securities Market Public Registry (Registro Público de Mercado de Valores) and 
therefore, no Securities may be publicly offered in Honduras and each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it 
will comply with all applicable law and will not offer or sell Securities publicly in Honduras. The 
Honduran National Banking and Insurance Commission has not reviewed or approved this Base 
Prospectus. This Base Prospectus may not be publicly distributed in Honduras, nor shall any advertising 
of this Base Prospectus take place in the territory of the Republic of Honduras, nor through electronic 
means that are aimed specifically to people in the Honduran territory. 
Hong Kong Special Administrative Region 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree that:  
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in the Hong Kong Special Administrative 
Region of the People's Republic of China ("Hong Kong"), by means of any document, any 
Securities (except for Securities which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities 
and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the "SFO")) other than (i) to "professional 
investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other 
circumstances which do not result in the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the 
Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong 
(the "C(WUMP)O") or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the 
C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in 
its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to any Securities, which is directed at, or the contents of which 
are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under 
the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Securities which are or are intended 
to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as 
defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
Ireland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place any Securities otherwise than in conformity with the 
provisions of the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as 
amended, the "MiFID II Regulations"), including, without limitation, Regulation 5 
(Requirement for authorisation and certain provisions concerning MTFs and OTFs) thereof or 
any codes of practice made under the MiFID II Regulations and the provisions of the Investor 
Compensation Act 1998; 
(b) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place any Securities otherwise than in conformity with the 
provisions of the Companies Act 2014 (as amended), the Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2018 (as 
amended) and any codes of conduct rules made under Section 117(1) of the Central Bank Act 
1989;  
(c) 
it has not and will not underwrite the issue of, or place, or do anything in Ireland in respect of 
the Securities otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129/EU–Prospectus Regulation (PD3), the European Union (Prospectus) Regulations 
2019 (S.I. No. 380/2019), and any rules and guidelines issued under Section 1363 of the 
Companies Act 2014 by the Central Bank of Ireland (the Central Bank);  
(d) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, place or otherwise act in Ireland in respect of any Securities 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the Market Abuse Regulation

--- Page 234 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
206 
 
(EU 596/2014) (as amended), the Market Abuse Directive on criminal sanctions for market 
abuse (Directive 2014/57/EU or CSMAD or MAD II), the European Union (Market Abuse) 
Regulations 2016, as amended and any rules and guidance issued by the Central Bank under 
Section 1370 of the Companies Act 2014; and 
(e) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, place or otherwise act in Ireland in respect of the Securities, 
otherwise than in accordance with the requirements set out in Notice BSD C01/02 issued by the 
Central Bank of Ireland pursuant to Section 8(2) of the Central Bank Act 1971 (as amended). 
Israel 
No prospectus in relation to the Programme or the Securities has been, or will be, issued in Israel and/or 
reviewed by the Israel Securities Authority. Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it 
will not offer or sell Securities in the State of Israel other than private sales to Israeli persons who are 
investors of the type listed in the First Supplement to the Securities Law, 5728-1968 and who have 
confirmed to the Dealer in writing that (i) they are an investor of the type listed in the First Supplement 
to the Securities Law, 5728-1968, of the State of Israel, and that they are aware of the significance of 
their being such an investor and consent thereto, and (ii) they are purchasing the Securities for their own 
account, for investment purposes only and with no present intention of distribution or re-sale. The offeror 
is not licensed as investment advisor or marketer by the Israel Securities Authority or supervised as 
broker dealer by the Israel Securities Authority.  
Italy 
Unless specified in the relevant Final Terms that a Non-exempt Offer may be made in Italy, the offering 
of the Securities has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no 
Securities may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus (including the Issue 
Terms) or of any other document relating to Securities be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(i) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No. 1129 of 14 June 2017 (the Prospectus Regulation) and any applicable provision of 
Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the Financial Services Act) and 
Italian CONSOB regulations; or 
(ii) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 
1 of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999 
(Regulation No. 11971), as amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of Securities or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to Securities in the Republic of Italy under (i) or (ii) above must: 
(a) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such 
activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB 
Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative 
Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (the Banking Act); and 
(b) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, 
the Bank of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 
129 of the Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from 
time to time) and/or any other Italian authority. 
In accordance with Article 100-bis of the Financial Services Act where no exemption from the rules on 
public offerings applies under (i) and (ii) above, Securities which are initially offered and placed in the 
Republic of Italy or abroad to qualified investors only but in the following year are regularly 
("sistematicamente") distributed on the secondary market in the Republic of Italy to non-qualified 
investors become subject to the public offer and the prospectus requirement rules provided under the 
Financial Services Act and Regulation No. 11971. Failure to comply with such rules may result in the 
sale of such Securities being declared null and void and in the liability of the intermediary transferring 
the Securities for any damages suffered by such non-qualified investors.

--- Page 235 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
207 
 
Japan 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act of Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the "FIEA") and each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it 
will not offer or sell any Securities, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident 
of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade 
Act (Law No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in 
Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations 
and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
State of Kuwait 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that the Securities have not been and will not be offered, sold, 
promoted or advertised by it in the State of Kuwait other than in compliance with Decree Law No.31 of 
1990 and the implementing regulations thereto, as amended, and Law No.7 of 2010 and the bylaws 
thereto, as amended governing the issue, offering and sale of securities. 
No private or public offering of Securities is being made in the State of Kuwait, and no agreement relating 
to the sale of Securities will be concluded in the State of Kuwait. No marketing or solicitation or 
inducement activities are being used to offer or market Securities in the State of Kuwait. 
Mexico 
The Securities have not been, and will not be, registered with the Mexican National Registry of Securities 
(Registro Nacional de Valores) maintained by the Mexican National Banking and Securities Commission 
(Comisión Nacional Bancaria y de Valores; the CNBV) pursuant to the Mexican Securities Market Law 
(Ley del Mercado de Valores) and may not be offered or sold publicly in Mexico; each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell Securities publicly in the United Mexican States. The 
Securities may be offered and sold in Mexico by the Dealers, on a private placement basis, to investors 
that qualify as institutional and accredited investors, under the Mexican Securities Market Law and 
regulations thereunder. The CNBV has not reviewed or approved this Base Prospectus and this Base 
Prospectus is not required to be reviewed or approved by the CNBV. This Base Prospectus may not be 
publicly distributed in Mexico. 
Norway 
Norway has implemented the Prospectus Regulation, cf. chapter 7 of the Securities Trading Act of 29 
June 2007 no. 75, as amended, and chapter 7 of the Securities Trading Regulations of 29 June 2007 No. 
876, as amended. Consequently, the selling restrictions set out in the section "Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA and UK Retail Investors" above apply. 
Securities denominated in Norwegian Kroner may not be offered or sold within Norway, without the 
Securities prior thereto having been registered with a central securities depositary licensed or recognised 
pursuant to Regulation (EU) No. 909/2014, cf. section 3-1 of the Central Securities Depositaries Act of 
15 March 2019 no. 6. 
Further, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that (i) the Securities will only be offered and sold in Norway in 
accordance with the provisions on marketing of structured products set out in section 16-2 of the 
Financial Institutions Act of 9 December 2016 no. 1502, as amended and (ii) the Securities will only be 
sold in Norway to investors who have sufficient knowledge and experience to understand the risks 
involved with investing in the Securities.  
Oman 
This Base Prospectus has not been filed with or registered as a prospectus with the Capital Market 
Authority of Oman pursuant to Article 3 of the Capital Market Authority Law SD 80/98 (Article 3), and

--- Page 236 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
208 
 
will not be offered or sold as an offer of securities in Oman as contemplated by the Commercial 
Companies Law of Oman (RD 18/2019) or Article 3. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that the Securities have not been and will not be offered, sold or delivered 
by it, and no invitation to subscribe for or to purchase the Securities has been or will be made by it, 
directly or indirectly, nor may any document or other material in connection therewith be distributed by 
it in Oman to any person in Oman other than by an entity duly licensed by the Capital Market Authority 
of Oman to market non-Omani securities in Oman and then only in accordance with all applicable laws 
and regulations, including Article 139 of the Executive Regulations of the Capital Markets Law 
(Decision No. 1/2009, as amended). 
Panama 
The Securities have not been, and will not be, registered with the Superintendency of the Securities 
Market of Panama. Accordingly (i) the Securities cannot be publicly offered or sold in Panama, except 
in transactions exempted from registration under the Securities Laws of Panama, (ii) the Superintendency 
of the Securities Market of Panama has not reviewed the information contained in this Base Prospectus, 
(iii) the Securities and its offer are not subject to the supervision of the Superintendency of the Securities 
Market of Panama and (iv) the Securities do not benefit from the tax incentives provided by the Securities 
Laws of Panama. 
Paraguay 
Securities have not been and will not be registered with the Comisión Nacional de Valores (the 
"Paraguayan Securities Commission") and each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that 
it will not offer or sell Securities in the Republic of Paraguay except in circumstances which do not 
constitute a public offering or distribution under Paraguayan laws, regulations and market practices.  
Securities issued under this Base Prospectus may only be placed privately in Paraguay. Paraguayan 
investors must acknowledge that (i) any legal matter arising from an offer of Securities under this Base 
Prospectus shall not be submitted to any Paraguayan authority; (ii) the Paraguayan Deposit Insurance 
legislation does not insure investments in the Securities; (iii) the Paraguayan Central Bank, the 
Paraguayan Securities Commission and the Paraguayan Banking Superintendency do not regulate the 
offering of the Securities or any obligations that may arise from such offering; (iv) they may be subject 
to taxes under Paraguayan laws on the profits obtained from the Securities or the sale thereof; and (v) 
they are responsible to conduct an independent examination of the relevant offer, and to ascertain and 
assess the risks arising from or in connection with the investments in the Securities. 
Peru 
Securities issued under this Base Prospectus may only be placed privately in Peru, except if such offering 
is considered a private offering under the securities laws and regulations of Peru. The Peruvian securities 
market law establishes that any particular offer may qualify as private, among others, if it is directed 
exclusively at institutional investors. The Securities will not be subject to a public offering in Peru. 
Therefore, neither this Base Prospectus nor any Securities have been or will be registered with the 
Superintendencia de Mercado de Valores (Peru's National Corporations and Securities Supervisory 
Commission or SMV) or with the Lima Stock Exchange.  
This Base Prospectus and other offering materials relating to the offer of the Securities are being supplied 
to those Peruvian investors who have expressly requested them. Such materials may not be distributed 
to any person or entity other than the intended recipients. 
Peruvian investors, as defined by Peruvian legislation, must rely on their own examination of the terms 
of the offering of the Securities to determine their ability to invest in them.  
Peruvian residents may be taxed under Peruvian tax laws, on the profits obtained from the Securities or 
the sale thereof. Investors must independently evaluate the application of such taxes before purchasing 
the Securities.

--- Page 237 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
209 
 
Poland 
No permit has been obtained from the Polish Financial Supervisory Authority (the "Polish FSA") in 
relation to the issue of any Securities. The Securities may not be offered or sold in the Republic of Poland 
("Poland") by way of a Public Offer (as defined below), unless it is done in compliance with the 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the 
prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated 
market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC (the "2017 Prospectus Regulation"), the Act on Public 
Offering and on the Conditions Governing the Introduction of Financial Instruments to an Organised 
Trading System and Public Companies dated 29 July 2005 (as amended) and any other applicable laws 
and regulations enacted under these acts or in substitution thereof from time to time. Under the 2017 
Prospectus Regulation, an 'offer of securities to the public' means a communication to persons in any 
form and by any means, presenting sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the securities to 
be offered, so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for those securities ("Public 
Offering"). 
Each Securities dealer acknowledges and each further Securities dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to acknowledge that the sale to or acquisition and holding of the Securities by residents 
of Poland may be subject to additional requirements and restrictions imposed by Polish law, beyond the 
restrictions and requirements provided by generally applicable provisions of European Union law, 
including under foreign exchange regulations. 
Portugal 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed with the Issuer, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme and any person offering the Securities in Portugal (a "Portuguese Offeror") will be required 
to represent and agree, that Securities may only be offered by any such Dealer or any such Portuguese 
Offeror to the public in the Portuguese Republic ("Portugal") under circumstances which are deemed to 
be a public offer (oferta pública) under the Portuguese Securities Code (Código dos Valores Mobiliários) 
enacted by Decree Law no. 486/99 of November 13, as amended from time to time, subject to the 
fulfilment of the requirements and provisions applicable to public offerings in Portugal. 
In particular, no offering materials will be publicly distributed in Portugal by any such Dealer or any 
such Portuguese Offeror and no publicity or marketing activities related to Securities will be conducted 
in Portugal by any such Dealer or any such Portuguese Offeror unless the requirements and provisions 
applicable to public offerings in Portugal are met, and in any case Securities will only be distributed or 
placed or advertised in Portugal if all applicable legal and regulatory requirements are met, including the 
approval and publication (if and as required) of a Key Information Document ("KID") approved by the 
Portuguese Securities Market Commission ("CMVM") under the terms of Regulation (EU) no. 
1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 November 2014 ("PRIIPs Regulation") 
and further delegated acts. 
In addition, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme and any Portuguese Offeror will be required to represent and agree, that: (i) it has not directly 
or indirectly taken any action or offered, advertised, marketed, invited to subscribe, gathered investment 
intentions, sold or delivered and will not directly or indirectly take any action, offer, advertise, invite to 
subscribe, gather investment intentions, sell, re-sell, re-offer or deliver any Securities in circumstances 
which could qualify as a public offer (oferta pública) of securities pursuant to the Portuguese Securities 
Code, notably in circumstances which could qualify as a public offer addressed to individuals or entities 
resident in Portugal or having a permanent establishment located in Portuguese territory, as the case may 
be, or in circumstances which could qualify the issue of Securities as an issue in the Portuguese market 
except in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations; (ii) all offers, sales and distributions by it 
of Securities have been and will only be made in Portugal in circumstances that, pursuant to the 
Portuguese Securities Code or other securities legislation or regulations, qualify as a private placement 
of Securities (oferta particular) except if such offers, sales and distributions qualify as and follow the 
requirements applicable to a public offer (oferta pública) pursuant to the aforementioned provisions; (iii) 
it has not distributed, made available or caused to be distributed and will not distribute, make available 
or cause to be distributed this Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to Securities in 
Portugal except in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations; (iv) it will comply with all 
applicable provisions of the Portuguese Securities Code, the Prospectus Regulation and any applicable 
Regulations of the CMVM and all relevant Portuguese securities laws and regulations, in any such case

--- Page 238 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
210 
 
that may be applicable to it in respect of any offer or sale of Securities by it in Portugal or to individuals 
or entities resident in Portugal or having a permanent establishment located in Portuguese territory (or to 
whom Portuguese laws and regulations on the distribution of financial instruments otherwise apply), as 
the case may be, including the publication of a prospectus, when applicable, or commencing a prospectus 
recognition procedure with the CMVM, and/or filing with the CMVM and disclosing to investors a KID 
under the applicable laws and regulations on packaged retail and insurance-based investment products 
(PRIIPs), including the PRIIPs Regulation and further delegated acts. 
State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, delivered or sold, and will not offer, deliver or 
sell, at any time, directly or indirectly, any Securities in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial 
Centre), except: 
(a) 
in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations of the State of Qatar (including the Qatar 
Financial Centre); and 
(b) 
through persons or corporate entities authorised and licensed to provide investment advice 
and/or engage in brokerage activity and/or trade in respect of foreign securities in the State of 
Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre). 
This Base Prospectus: (i) has not been, and will not be, registered with or approved by the Qatar Central 
Bank, the Qatar Stock Exchange, the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority or the Qatar Financial 
Markets Authority and may not be publicly distributed in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial 
Centre); (ii) is intended for the original recipient only and must not be provided to any other person; and 
(iii) is not for general circulation in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) and may 
not be reproduced or used for any other purpose. 
Russian Federation 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold or transferred 
or otherwise disposed of and will not offer or sell or transfer or otherwise dispose of any Securities (as 
part of their initial distribution or at any time thereafter) to or for the benefit of any persons (including 
legal entities) resident, incorporated, established or having their usual residence in the Russian Federation 
or to any person located within the territory of the Russian Federation unless and to the extent otherwise 
permitted under Russian law.  
Since neither the issuance of the Securities nor a securities prospectus in respect of the Securities has 
been registered, or is intended to be registered, with the Central Bank of the Russian Federation, the 
Securities are not eligible for initial offering or public circulation in the Russian Federation and may not 
be sold or offered in the Russian Federation in any way other than to Russian "qualified investors" (as 
defined under Russian law) in a manner that does not constitute "advertisement", "placement" or "public 
circulation" (as defined under Russian law) of the Securities in the Russian Federation. 
Information set forth in this Base Prospectus is not an offer, advertisement or invitation to make offers, 
to sell, exchange or otherwise transfer the Securities in the Russian Federation or to or for the benefit of 
any Russian person or entity. 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
No action has been or will be taken in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia that would permit a public offering 
of the Securities. Any investor in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia or who is a Saudi person (a Saudi 
Investor) who acquires any Securities pursuant to an offering should note that the offer of Securities is 
a private placement under Article 9 or Article 10 of the "Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing 
Obligations" as issued by the Board of the Capital Market Authority of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
(the CMA) resolution number 3-123-2017 dated 27 December 2017, as amended by the Board of the 
CMA resolution number 1-104-2019 dated 30 September 2019 (the KSA Regulations), made through a 
person authorised by the CMA to carry out the securities activity of arranging and following a notification 
to the CMA under Article 11 of the KSA Regulations.

--- Page 239 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
211 
 
The Securities may thus not be advertised, offered or sold to any person in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
other than to "sophisticated investors" under Article 9 of the KSA Regulations or by way of a limited 
offer under Article 10 of the KSA Regulations. Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that any offer of 
Securities made by it to a Saudi Investor will be made in compliance with Article 9 or Article 10 of the 
KSA Regulations. 
Each offer of Securities shall not therefore constitute a "public offer", an "exempt offer" or a "parallel 
market offer" pursuant to the KSA Regulations, but is subject to the restrictions on secondary market 
activity under Article 15 of the KSA Regulations. Any Saudi Investor who has acquired Securities 
pursuant to a private placement under Article 9 or Article 10 of the KSA Regulations may not offer or 
sell those Securities to any person unless the offer or sale is made through an authorised person 
appropriately licensed by the CMA and: 
(a) 
the Securities are offered or sold to a "sophisticated investor" (as defined in Article 9 of the 
KSA Regulations); 
(b) 
the price to be paid for the Securities in any one transaction is equal to or exceeds Saudi Riyals 
1 million or an equivalent amount; or 
(c) 
the offer or sale is otherwise in compliance with Article 15 of the KSA Regulations.  
Singapore 
The Programme is not authorised under Section 286 of the SFA or recognised under Section 287 of the 
SFA by the Monetary Authority of Singapore and units in the Programme are not allowed to be offered 
to the retail public. This Base Prospectus is not a prospectus as defined in the SFA, and accordingly, 
statutory liability under the SFA in relation to the content of prospectuses does not apply, and the offeree 
should consider carefully whether the investment is suitable for him. This Base Prospectus has not been 
and will not be registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore, and the Securities 
will be offered pursuant to exemptions under the SFA.  
Accordingly, the Securities may not be offered or sold or made the subject of an invitation for  
subscription or purchase, nor may this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection 
with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of any Securities be circulated or 
distributed, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than pursuant to an exemption 
from the offering requirements under the SFA. 
This includes, where the Securities are "securities" for the purposes of the SFA, (a) to an institutional 
investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (b) to a relevant 
person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA or to any person 
pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 
of the SFA and (where applicable) Regulation 3 of the Securities and Futures (Classes of Investors) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore, or (c) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, 
any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Securities are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person 
which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the 
sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by 
one or  more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of 
that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Securities pursuant to 
an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except:

--- Page 240 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
212 
 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or (in the case of such corporation) 
where the transfer arises from an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) or (in the case of 
such trust) where the transfer arises from an offer referred to in Section 276(4)(i)(B) of 
the SFA;  
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;  
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Where the Securities are "units in a collective investment scheme" as defined under the SFA, the 
Securities may not be offered or sold or made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, 
nor may this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or 
invitation for subscription or purchase, of any Securities be circulated or distributed, whether directly or 
indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (a) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A 
of the SFA) pursuant to Section 304 of the SFA, (b) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 305(5) of 
the SFA) or to any person pursuant to section 305(2) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions 
specified in section 305 of the SFA and (where applicable) Regulation 3 of the Securities and Futures 
(Classes of Investors) Regulations 2018 of Singapore, or (c) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance 
with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where Securities are subscribed or purchased under Section 305 of the SFA by a relevant person which 
is:  
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the 
sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by 
one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or  
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities (as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and 
interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six months after that 
corporation or that trust has acquired the Securities pursuant to an offer made under Section 305 of the 
SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or (in the case of such corporation) 
where the transfer arises from an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) or (in the case of 
such trust) where the transfer arises from an offer referred to in Section 305A(3)(i)(B) of 
the SFA;  
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;  
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(iv) 
as specified in Section 305A(5) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 36 and 36A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of 
Investments) (Collective Investment Schemes) Regulations 2005 of Singapore. 
Where any underlying securities or units in a collective investment scheme (the Underlyers) are to be 
delivered in connection with the Securities, such Underlyers may similarly only be offered in compliance 
with the SFA, pursuant to the relevant exemption described above. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of any Securities, all Securities and 
Underlyers issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be capital markets products other than 
prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018) and Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice

--- Page 241 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
213 
 
on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products). 
Any reference to the SFA is a reference to the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore and 
a reference to any term as defined in the SFA or any provision in the SFA is a reference to that term as 
modified or amended from time to time including by such of its subsidiary legislation as may be 
applicable at the relevant time. 
Spain 
In addition to the provisions set out under section "Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors", 
which are fully applicable in Spain, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that, to the extent that the offer 
of Securities under the Programme shall be deemed to be a public offer (oferta pública) or an admission 
to trading in Spain pursuant to the Royal Legislative Decree 4/2015 of 23 October of the Securities 
Markets (Real Decreto Legislativo 4/2015, de 23 de octubre, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de 
la Ley del Mercado de Valores) (hereafter Royal Legislative Decree 4/2015) as amended and restated 
from time to time, Securities may only be offered, sold or delivered, directly or indirectly by any such 
Dealer to the public in the Kingdom of Spain or admitted to trading in Spain in compliance with the 
requirements and provisions applicable to public offerings and admission to trading in Spain, including, 
the Prospectus Regulation, Royal Legislative Decree 4/2015 and Royal Decree 1310/2005 of 4 
November, partially developing Law 24/1988, of 28 July on admission to trading of securities in official 
secondary markets, public offerings and prospectus (Real Decreto 1310/2005, de 4 de noviembre por el 
que se desarrolla parcialmente la Ley 24/1988, de 28 de julio, del Mercado de Valores, en materia de 
admisión a negociación de valores en mercados secundarios oficiales, de ofertas públicas de venta o 
suscripción y del folleto exigible a tales efectos), as amended and restated from time to time, or any other 
related regulations that may be in force from time to time, as further amended, supplemented or restated. 
Sweden 
This Base Prospectus has not been approved by and will not be submitted for approval to the Swedish 
Financial Supervisory Authority (Finansinspektionen) for purposes of public offering or sale of securities 
in Sweden. Accordingly, the Securities, including Swedish Securities, issued under this Programme may 
not be offered or sold to the public in Sweden directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor 
any other circular, prospectus, form of application, advertisement or other material may be reproduced, 
distributed, or otherwise made available in or from, or published in Sweden, except in circumstances 
which do not constitute a public offer of securities to the public or, subject to prospectus requirements, 
in accordance with the provisions of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and 
Council of 14 June 2017 relating to the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the 
public or admitted to trading on a regulated market and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC and all other 
applicable legislation and regulation in Sweden. 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has acknowledged and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to acknowledge and agree that: 
(a) 
it has only made and will only make an offer of Securities to the public in Switzerland, other 
than pursuant to an exemption under Article 36(1) FinSA or where such offer does not qualify 
as a public offer in Switzerland, if and as from the date on which this Base Prospectus and the 
applicable Final Terms has been filed and deposited with a review body (Prüfstelle) in 
Switzerland and entered on the list according to Article 64(5) FinSA and provided they are 
deemed approved according to Article 54(2) FinSA and Article 70(3) FinSO; or 
(b) 
it has not offered and will not offer, directly or indirectly, Securities to the public in Switzerland, 
and have not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be 
distributed to the public in Switzerland, this Base Prospectus, the applicable Issue Terms or any 
other offering material relating to the Securities, other than pursuant to an exemption under

--- Page 242 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
214 
 
Article 36(1) FinSA or where such offer or distribution does not qualify as a public offer in 
Switzerland. 
For these purposes "public offer" refers to the respective definitions in Article 3(g) and (h) FinSA and as 
further detailed in FinSO. 
If this Base Prospectus and any applicable Final Terms is deemed approved according to Article 54(2) 
FinSA and Article 70(3) FinSO and filed and deposited with a review body (Prüfstelle) in Switzerland, 
this Base Prospectus and each such Final Terms may be obtained in electronic or printed form, free of 
charge, upon request from Citigroup Global Markets Limited at Hardstrasse 201, Prime Tower, 8005 
Zürich (e-mail: swissder@citi.com; telephone: +41 (0)58 750 6207; fax: +41 (0)58 750 6065; website: 
https://ch.citifirst.com/EN/Home). 
Subject to the applicable transitional provisions under FinSA and FinSO, if Securities qualifying as debt 
instruments with a "derivative character" (as such expression is understood under FinSA) are offered or 
recommended to private clients within the meaning of FinSA in Switzerland a key information document 
under Article 58 FinSA (Basisinformationsblatt für Finanzinstrumente) or Article 59(2) FinSA in respect 
of such Securities must be prepared and published. According to Article 58(2) FinSA, no key information 
document is required for Securities that may only be acquired for private clients under an asset 
management agreement. Other than where the applicable Issue Terms specifies the "Prohibition of Offer 
to Private Clients in Switzerland" to be "Applicable" other than with respect to the period(s) of time 
specified therein, with respect to such period(s), the Securities may not be offered or recommended to 
private clients within the meaning of FinSA in Switzerland. For these purposes, a private client means a 
person who is not one (or more) of the following: (i) a professional client as defined in Article 4(3) FinSA 
(not having opted-in on the basis of Article 5(5) FinSA) or Article 5(1) FinSA; or (ii) an institutional 
client as defined in Article 4(4) FinSA; or (iii) a private client with an asset management agreement 
according to Article 58(2) FinSA. For these purposes "offer" refers to the interpretation of such term in 
Article 58 FinSA. 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specifies the "Prohibition of Offer to Private Clients in Switzerland" 
to be "Applicable", other than with respect to the duration of the applicable transition period under FinSA 
and FinSO, if the Securities qualify as structured products within the meaning of Article 70 FinSA and 
only a simplified prospectus pursuant to Article 5 of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment 
Schemes (CISA), as such article was in effect immediately prior to the entry into effect of FinSA, has 
been prepared based on the transitional provision of Article 111 FinSO, the "Prohibition of Offer to 
Private Clients in Switzerland" as described above shall automatically apply as from the expiry of the 
applicable transition period. 
The Securities do not constitute a participation in a collective investment scheme in the meaning of the 
CISA and are not subject to the supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority 
FINMA, and investors in Securities will not benefit from protection under the CISA or supervision by 
any Swiss regulatory authority. 
Notwithstanding anything else in this Base Prospectus, for the purposes only of offers of Securities to 
the public in Switzerland other than pursuant to an exemption under Article 36(1) FinSA or where such 
offers do not qualify as a public offer in Switzerland, references in this Base Prospectus to "Non-exempt 
Offer" shall be deemed to refer to such non-exempt public offer in Switzerland, and references to 
Securities which are not Exempt Securities shall be deemed to refer to Securities which are the subject 
of such non-exempt public offer in Switzerland, and all related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly. 
Taiwan 
The Securities may be made available outside Taiwan for purchase outside Taiwan by Taiwan resident 
investors or to qualified Taiwan investors through bank trust departments, licensed securities brokers 
and/or insurance company investment linked insurance policies pursuant to the Taiwan "Rules 
Governing Offshore Structured Products", but may not otherwise be offered or sold in Taiwan.

--- Page 243 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
215 
 
Republic of Turkey 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer will be required to represent and agree 
that neither it, nor any of its respective affiliates, nor any person acting on its behalf or on behalf of any 
of its respective affiliates, shall offer or sell the Securities (or beneficial interest therein) in Turkey in any 
circumstances which would constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the Capital Markets 
Law No. 6362 and the Capital Markets Board of Turkey's (the CMB) Communiqué VII-128.4 on the 
Foreign Capital Markets Instruments, Depositary Receipts and Foreign Mutual Fund Units. Each Dealer 
has represented and agreed and each further Dealer will be required to further represent and agree that 
neither it nor any of its affiliates, nor any person acting on its behalf or on behalf of any of its affiliates 
has or will use any prospectus, or other offering material related to the offering in connection with any 
general offering to the public within Turkey for the purpose of offer or sale of the Securities without 
prior approval of the Capital Market Board of Turkey. Pursuant to Article 15(d)(ii) of Decree No. 32 
regarding the protection of the value of the Turkish currency, residents of Turkey may purchase the 
Securities on an unsolicited (reverse inquiry) basis, PROVIDED THAT (i) such Securities are traded in 
the financial markets outside of Turkey; (ii) such purchase is made through banks licensed by the 
Banking Regulation and Supervision Agency and/or brokerage institutions licensed by the CMB in 
Turkey; and (iii) the consideration of the purchase of such Securities has been or will be transferred 
through such licensed banks operating in Turkey. 
United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre) 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that the Securities have not been and will not be offered, sold or 
publicly promoted or advertised by it in the United Arab Emirates other than in compliance with any 
laws applicable in the United Arab Emirates governing the issue, offering and sale of securities. 
Uruguay 
Securities issued under the Programme are not and will not be registered with the Financial Services 
Superintendence of the Central Bank of Uruguay to be publicly offered in Uruguay, but will only be 
placed relying on private placement exemption (oferta privada) pursuant to section 2 of law 18,627. 
None of the Issuers qualify as an investment fund regulated by Uruguayan law 16,774, as amended. Each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that Securities placed in Uruguay will be placed relying on a private 
placement (oferta privada) pursuant to section 2 of law 18,627. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be amended by the agreement of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor (where 
the Issuer is CGMHI), the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) and the relevant Dealers. 
Any such amendment will be set out in either the subscription agreement or the dealer accession letter, 
as relevant, and/or the Pricing Supplement issued in respect of the issue of Securities to which it relates 
or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
No action has been taken or will be taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any 
of the Securities, or possession or distribution of this Base Prospectus or any other offering material or 
any Issue Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where, or under circumstances in which, action for that 
purpose is required and has not been taken. No offers, sales, resales or deliveries of any Securities, or 
distribution of any offering material relating to any Securities, may be made in or from any jurisdiction 
except in circumstances which will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and 
which will not impose any obligation on any of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, 
the CGMFL Guarantor and/or any Dealer. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it will comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each 
jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Securities or has in its possession or distributes 
this Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Issue Terms, in all cases at its own expense, and 
none of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor and any other 
Dealer shall have responsibility therefor.

--- Page 244 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
216 
 
SECTION F.8 – TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
GENERAL 
Purchasers of Securities may be required to pay taxes (including stamp taxes) and other charges in 
accordance with the laws and practices of the country of purchase in addition to the issue price of each 
Security. 
TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING SECURITIES MAY HAVE TAX CONSEQUENCES FOR 
POTENTIAL PURCHASERS WHICH MAY DEPEND, AMONGST OTHER THINGS, UPON 
THE STATUS OF THE POTENTIAL PURCHASER AND LAWS RELATING TO TRANSFER 
AND REGISTRATION TAXES. INVESTORS SHOULD ALSO BE AWARE THAT THE TAX 
LEGISLATION OF THE COUNTRY IN WHICH THE INVESTOR IS RESIDENT AND OF 
THE RELEVANT ISSUER'S COUNTRY OF INCORPORATION MAY HAVE AN IMPACT ON 
THE INCOME RECEIVED FROM THE SECURITIES. POTENTIAL PURCHASERS WHO 
ARE IN ANY DOUBT ABOUT THE TAX POSITION OF ANY ASPECT OF TRANSACTIONS 
INVOLVING SECURITIES SHOULD CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISORS. 
Unless otherwise expressly provided below, the relevant Issuer, where the relevant Issuer is CGMHI, the 
CGMHI Guarantor and, where the relevant Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor, do not accept 
responsibility for the withholding of taxes at source. This statement should be read in conjunction with 
General Condition 9 (Taxation). 
References in this Section F.8 to a "Member State" shall be to a Member State of the EEA (and for these 
purposes, references to the EEA include the United Kingdom). 
UNITED STATES FEDERAL TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
General 
The following is a summary of certain U.S. federal income tax consequences that may be relevant to the 
ownership and disposition of Securities that are in registered form for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
This summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all of the tax consequences that 
may be relevant to the decision to purchase Securities by any particular investor, including tax 
consequences that arise from rules of general application to all taxpayers or to certain classes of taxpayers 
or that are generally believed to be known by investors. For example, this summary does not address the 
tax consequences to (i) persons that may be subject to special treatment under U.S. federal income tax 
law, such as banks, insurance companies, thrift institutions, regulated investment companies, real estate 
investment trusts, tax-exempt organisations, traders in securities that elect to mark to market for tax 
purposes and dealers in securities, (ii) persons that will hold the Securities as part of a "straddle", 
"conversion" or other integrated investment transaction or a constructive sale for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes, (iii) U.S. Holders (as defined below) whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar, (iv) Non-
U.S. Holders (as defined below) who recognise gain in respect of a Security in a taxable year in which 
the Non-U.S. Holder is present in the United States for 183 days or more, (v) persons that do not hold 
the Securities as capital assets, or (vi) except where the context indicates otherwise, persons that did not 
purchase the Securities in the initial offering. 
This summary is based on the Code, U.S. Treasury regulations and judicial and administrative 
interpretations thereof, in each case as in effect on the date hereof. Changes to any of the foregoing could 
affect the tax consequences described below, possibly with retroactive effect. Further, this summary does 
not describe any tax consequences arising out of the tax laws of any state, local or non-U.S. jurisdiction, 
or any U.S. federal taxes other than income taxes and, to a limited extent, estate taxes. Accordingly, this 
summary does not address alternative minimum tax consequences, special tax accounting rules under 
Section 451(b) of the Code, or the Medicare tax on investment income. Prospective purchasers of the 
Securities should consult their tax advisors regarding the U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. tax 
consequences of owning and disposing of Securities in light of their own particular circumstances. 
This discussion does not address the U.S. federal tax consequences of the ownership or disposition of 
the Underlying that a beneficial owner may receive in respect of a Physical Delivery Security. 
Prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisors regarding the relevant U.S. federal tax 
consequences of the ownership and disposition of the Underlying.

--- Page 245 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
217 
 
The Issuer will not attempt to ascertain whether any issuer of any Shares, shares that underlie an Index, 
or any other equity interest, to which the Securities relate should be treated as a "passive foreign 
investment company" (PFIC) within the meaning of Section 1297 of the Code or a "United States real 
property holding corporation" (USRPHC) within the meaning of Section 897 of the Code (including a 
non-corporate entity treated as a USRPHC for relevant purposes of Section 897 of the Code). If any 
relevant issuer were so treated, certain adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences might apply to a 
Non-U.S. Holder, in the case of a USRPHC, and to a U.S. Holder, in the case of a PFIC, upon the sale, 
exchange or other disposition of the Securities. If a U.S. Holder owns or is deemed to own an equity 
interest in a  PFIC for any taxable year, the U.S. Holder would generally be required to file IRS Form 
8621 with its annual U.S. federal income tax return for that year, subject to certain exceptions. Failure to 
timely file the form may extend the time for tax assessment by the IRS. Prospective purchasers of the 
Securities are urged to refer to information filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission or another 
governmental authority by the relevant issuers and consult their tax advisors regarding the possible 
consequences if any relevant issuer is or becomes a USRPHC or PFIC. 
For the purposes hereof, the term U.S. Holder means a beneficial owner of the Securities that for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes is (i) an individual citizen or resident of the United States, (ii) a corporation 
organised in or under the laws of the United States or any state thereof or the District of Columbia or (iii) 
an estate or trust the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source. 
The term Non-U.S. Holder means a beneficial owner of the Securities that for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes is a non-resident alien individual, a foreign corporation or a foreign estate or trust. 
If a partnership (including any entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) holds 
the Securities, the tax treatment of a partner generally will depend on the status of the partner and upon 
the activities of the partnership. Prospective purchasers that are partnerships should consult their tax 
advisors regarding the tax consequences to their partners of an investment in the Securities. 
Because the Issuer does not expect to issue (i) Preference Share Linked Securities, (ii) Securities with 
Target Redemption Barrier Event or (iii) certain Securities designated as "Non-U.S. Securities" (as 
discussed below) to U.S. Holders, the discussion below does not address the U.S. federal income tax 
consequences to a U.S. Holder of purchasing, owning, and disposing of such Securities. 
This discussion may be supplemented, modified or superseded by further discussion regarding U.S. 
federal tax considerations set out in the applicable Issue Terms, which a prospective purchaser is urged 
to read before making a decision to invest in the relevant Securities. 
Tax Consequences to U.S. Holders  
Securities Treated as Debt  
The following discussion applies only to Securities that the Issuer intends to treat as debt instruments for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes, as evidenced by the statement under "United States Tax 
Considerations" in the applicable Issue Terms. 
It generally assumes that the Issuer's intended treatment of the Securities as debt instruments, as well as 
any specific treatments indicated in the applicable Issue Terms (e.g., as variable rate debt instruments or 
contingent payment debt instruments, each as discussed below), are respected. The Issuer's intended 
treatment of the Securities is not binding on the IRS, and the IRS could disagree with it, in which case 
the timing and character of a U.S. Holder's taxable income in respect of the Securities could be adversely 
affected. Prospective purchasers of the Securities should consult their tax advisors about the risk that the 
IRS challenges the Issuer's treatment of the Securities. Please review the discussion under "—Possible 
Alternative Tax Treatment" regarding the risk of an alternate treatment of the Securities. 
If the Issuer designates a Substitute for itself, or there is another change to the Securities that results in 
the Securities being treated as reissued for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as discussed in "—Other 
U.S. Federal Tax Considerations Applicable to Securities That Are Not Treated as Debt—Possible 
Taxable Event Under Section 1001 of the Code", the treatment of the Securities after such an event could 
differ from their prior treatment. Except where specifically stated, the discussion herein assumes that no 
such deemed retirement and reissuance has occurred.

--- Page 246 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
218 
 
The general discussion below is subject to special rules applicable to Short-Term Securities, Contingent 
Securities and Foreign Currency Contingent Securities as described below. 
Interest Payments on Securities 
Payments of qualified stated interest, as defined below under "Original Issue Discount", will be taxable 
to a U.S. Holder as ordinary interest income at the time that such payments are accrued or are received, 
in accordance with the U.S. Holder's method of tax accounting. 
If such payments of interest are made in respect of a Security that is denominated in a single currency 
other than the U.S. dollar (for purposes of this discussion, a foreign currency), the amount of interest 
income realised by a U.S. Holder that uses the cash method of tax accounting (a cash-method holder) 
will be the U.S. dollar value of the currency payment based on the spot rate of exchange on the date of 
receipt regardless of whether the payment in fact is converted into U.S. dollars. No foreign currency gain 
or loss should be recognised by a cash-method holder with respect to the receipt of such payment (other 
than foreign currency gain or loss realised on the disposition of the currency received). In the case of a 
Security that provides for payments in U.S. dollars determined by reference to a single foreign currency, 
a cash-method holder generally should recognise interest income on the Security in an amount equal to 
the U.S. dollars received. Both types of Securities are referred to herein as "Foreign Currency Securities". 
A U.S. Holder that uses the accrual method of tax accounting (an accrual-method holder) will accrue 
interest income on a Foreign Currency Security in the relevant foreign currency and translate the amount 
accrued into U.S. dollars based on: 
• 
the average exchange rate in effect during the interest accrual period, or portion thereof within 
the holder's taxable year; or 
• 
at the holder's election, at the spot rate of exchange on (1) the last day of the accrual period, or 
the last day of the taxable year within the accrual period if the accrual period spans more than 
one taxable year, or (2) the date of receipt, if that date is within five business days of the last 
day of the accrual period. 
Such an election must be applied consistently by the accrual-method holder to all foreign currency debt 
instruments from year to year and can be changed only with the consent of the IRS. An accrual-method 
holder will recognise foreign currency gain or loss on the receipt of an interest payment made on a 
Foreign Currency Security if the spot rate of exchange on the date the payment is received differs from 
the rate applicable to a previous accrual of that interest income. Such foreign currency gain or loss will 
be treated as ordinary income or loss, but generally will not be treated as an adjustment to interest income 
received on the Security. 
Taxable Disposition of Securities 
A U.S. Holder's tax basis in a Security generally will equal the cost of that Security to the holder, 
increased by any amounts includible in income by the holder as original issue discount (OID) and market 
discount (each as described below) and reduced by any amortised premium and any payments on the 
Security other than payments of qualified stated interest (each as described below). 
In the case of a Foreign Currency Security, the cost of the Security to a U.S. Holder generally should be 
the U.S. dollar value of the foreign currency purchase price on the date of purchase. In the case of a 
Foreign Currency Security that is traded on an established securities market, a U.S. Holder generally 
should determine the U.S. dollar value of the cost of the Security by translating the amount paid in foreign 
currency into its U.S. dollar value at the spot rate of exchange (1) on the settlement date of the purchase, 
in the case of a cash-method holder, and (2) on the trade date, in the case of an accrual-method holder, 
unless the holder elects to use the spot rate applicable to cash-method holders. Such an election by an 
accrual-method holder must be applied consistently by the accrual-method holder to all debt instruments 
from year to year and can be changed only with the consent of the IRS. The amount of any subsequent 
adjustments to a U.S. Holder's tax basis in a Foreign Currency Security in respect of OID, market 
discount and premium will be determined in the manner described under "Original Issue Discount", 
"Market Discount" and "Securities Purchased at a Premium" below. 
Upon the sale, exchange, retirement or other taxable disposition of a Security (each, a taxable  
disposition), a U.S. Holder generally will recognise gain or loss equal to the difference between (1) the

--- Page 247 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
219 
 
amount realised on the taxable disposition, less any accrued qualified stated interest, which will be treated 
as a payment of interest and taxed in the manner described above under "Interest Payments on 
Securities", and (2) the U.S. Holder's adjusted tax basis in the Security. 
If a U.S. Holder receives a currency other than the U.S. dollar in respect of the taxable disposition of a 
Foreign Currency Security, the amount realised generally should be the U.S. dollar value of the currency 
received calculated at the spot rate of exchange on the date of the taxable disposition of the Security. In 
the case of a taxable disposition of a Foreign Currency Security that is traded on an established securities 
market, a U.S. Holder that receives a currency other than the U.S. dollar generally should determine the 
amount realised by translating that currency into its U.S. dollar value at the spot rate of exchange (1) on 
the settlement date of the taxable disposition, in the case of a cash-method holder and (2) on the trade 
date, in the case of an accrual-method holder, unless the accrual-method holder elects to use the spot rate 
applicable to cash-method holders. Such an election by an accrual-method holder must be applied 
consistently by the accrual-method holder to all debt instruments from year to year and can be changed 
only with the consent of the IRS. 
Gain or loss recognised by a U.S. Holder on the taxable disposition of a Security (other than a Short-
Term Security, Foreign Currency Security, Contingent Security, Foreign Currency Contingent Security 
or Market Discount Security, each as discussed below) generally will be long-term capital gain or loss if 
the U.S. Holder has held the Security for more than one year at the time of the taxable disposition and 
short-term capital gain or loss otherwise. 
Gain or loss recognised by a U.S. Holder on the taxable disposition of a Foreign Currency Security 
generally will be treated as ordinary income or loss to the extent that the gain or loss is attributable to 
changes in exchange rates during the period in which the U.S. Holder held the Security. A U.S. Holder 
might be required to file a disclosure statement with the IRS if the U.S. Holder recognises foreign 
currency loss above certain thresholds (as described below under "Reportable Transactions"). 
Original Issue Discount 
Securities with a term greater than one year may be issued with OID for United States federal income 
tax purposes (such Securities, OID Securities). U.S. Holders generally must accrue OID in gross income 
over the term of an OID Security on a constant yield basis, regardless of their regular method of tax 
accounting. As a result, U.S. Holders may recognise taxable income in respect of an OID Security in 
advance of the receipt of cash attributable to such income. 
OID generally will arise if the stated redemption price at maturity of a Security exceeds its issue price 
by an amount equal to or greater than 0.25 per cent. of the Security's stated redemption price at maturity 
multiplied by the number of complete years to maturity. In the case of an "instalment Security" (i.e., a 
Security that provides for payments prior to maturity other than qualified stated interest), this test is 
generally applied based on the Security's weighted average maturity. OID may arise if a Security is issued 
at a discount to its principal amount, and may also arise if a Security has particular interest payment 
characteristics, such as interest holidays, interest payable in additional securities or stepped interest. For 
this purpose, the issue price of a Security is the first price at which a substantial amount of Securities of 
that issue is sold for cash, other than to bond houses, brokers or similar persons or organisations acting 
in the capacity of underwriters, placement agents or wholesalers. The stated redemption price at maturity 
of a Security is the sum of all payments due under the Security other than payments of qualified stated 
interest. The term qualified stated interest generally means stated interest that is unconditionally payable 
in cash or property, other than debt instruments of the issuer, at least annually during the entire term of 
a Security at a single fixed rate of interest or, under particular conditions, based on one or more floating 
interest rates described below under "Variable Rate Debt Instruments". 
Under the OID rules, certain contingencies, including those that are remote, are disregarded for purposes 
of determining qualified stated interest on a Security. However, if a remote contingency actually occurs 
(for example, an early redemption event that the Issuer had determined to be remote in which  the Early 
Redemption Amount is calculated as of the time of the early redemption event but not paid until 
maturity), the Security could be treated as retired and reissued with OID. Prospective purchasers of the 
Securities should consult their tax advisors regarding the application of these rules. 
For each taxable year of a U.S. Holder, the amount of OID that must be included in gross income in 
respect of an OID Security will be the sum of the daily portions of OID for each day during that taxable

--- Page 248 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
220 
 
year or any portion of the taxable year in which the U.S. Holder holds the OID Security. Daily portions 
are determined by allocating to each day in an accrual period a pro rata portion of the OID allocable to 
that accrual period. Accrual periods may be of any length and may vary in length over the term of an 
OID Security. However, accrual periods may not be longer than one year, and each scheduled payment 
of principal or interest must occur on the first day or the final day of an accrual period. 
The amount of OID allocable to any accrual period generally will equal (1) the product of the OID 
Security's adjusted issue price at the beginning of the accrual period multiplied by its yield to maturity 
(as adjusted to take into account the length of the accrual period), less (2) the amount, if any, of qualified 
stated interest allocable to that accrual period. The adjusted issue price of an OID Security at the 
beginning of any accrual period will equal the issue price of the OID Security, as defined above, (1) 
increased by previously accrued OID from prior accrual periods, and (2) reduced by any payment made 
on the Security, other than payments of qualified stated interest, on or before the first day of the accrual 
period. 
The Securities may have special redemption, repayment or interest rate reset features, as indicated in the 
applicable Issue Terms, that may affect whether a Security is an OID Security and, if so, the proper 
timing of recognition of the OID by a U.S. Holder. Securities containing such features may be subject to 
special rules that differ from the general rules discussed herein. Accordingly, prospective purchasers of 
Securities with such features should consult their tax advisors regarding these special rules. 
In the case of an OID Security that is also a Foreign Currency Security, a U.S. Holder should determine 
the U.S. dollar amount includible in income as OID for each accrual period by calculating the amount of 
OID allocable to that accrual period in the relevant foreign currency, using the constant-yield method 
described above and translating that amount into U.S. dollars using the average exchange rate in effect 
during that accrual period (or a portion thereof), or, at the U.S. Holder's election, at the spot rate of 
exchange on (1) the last day of the accrual period, or the last day of the taxable year within the accrual 
period if the accrual period spans more than one taxable year, or (2) on the date such OID is treated as 
paid (as described in the following paragraph), if that date is within five business days of the last day of 
the accrual period. Such an election must be applied consistently by the U.S. Holder to all Foreign 
Currency Securities from year to year and can be revoked only with the consent of the IRS. 
Each payment on an OID Security that is a Foreign Currency Security, other than payments of qualified 
stated interest, generally will be viewed first as a payment of previously accrued OID to the extent 
thereof, with the payment attributed first to the earliest accrued OID, and then as a payment of principal. 
Upon the receipt of an amount attributable to OID, whether in connection with a payment of an amount 
that  is not qualified stated interest or the taxable disposition of the OID Security, a U.S. Holder will 
recognise foreign currency gain or loss that is ordinary income or loss measured by the difference 
between (1) the amount received and (2) the corresponding amount(s) previously accrued. The amount 
received will be translated into U.S. dollars at the spot rate of exchange on the date of receipt, in the case 
of a payment on the OID Security, or on the date of the taxable disposition of the OID Security. The 
corresponding amount(s) accrued will be determined by using the rate(s) of exchange applicable to such 
previous accrual(s). Upon a taxable disposition of the Security, the amount of foreign currency income 
or loss recognised will be limited by the overall amount of gain or loss recognised on the taxable 
disposition. 
A U.S. Holder that purchases an OID Security for an amount less than or equal to the remaining 
redemption amount (as defined below), but in excess of the OID Security's adjusted issue price, generally 
is permitted to reduce the daily portions of OID by a fraction. The numerator of this fraction is the 
acquisition premium (as defined below) and the denominator of the fraction is the excess of the remaining 
redemption amount over the OID Security's adjusted issue price. For the purposes of this section, 
acquisition premium means the excess of the U.S. Holder's adjusted tax basis in an OID Security over 
the OID Security's adjusted issue price and remaining redemption amount means the sum of all amounts 
payable on an OID Security after the purchase date other than payments of qualified stated interest. In 
the case of a Foreign Currency Security, the rules described in this paragraph are applied using units of 
the relevant foreign currency. 
Variable Rate Debt Instruments 
Certain Securities may be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as variable rate debt instruments 
(VRDIs). Prospective purchasers should note that other Securities providing for variable rates of interest

--- Page 249 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
221 
 
are treated not as VRDIs but as "contingent payment debt instruments", with consequences discussed 
below under "Contingent Payment Debt Instruments". 
Stated interest on a VRDI that provides for a single variable rate (a Single-Rate VRDI) will be treated 
as qualified stated interest and will be taxable to a U.S. Holder as ordinary interest income at the time it 
accrues or is received, in accordance with the U.S. Holder's method of tax accounting. If the stated 
principal amount of a Single-Rate VRDI exceeds its issue price by an amount equal to or greater than 
the de minimis amount described above under "Original Issue Discount", this excess will be treated as 
OID that a U.S. Holder must include in income as it accrues, generally in accordance with the constant-
yield method described above under "Original Issue Discount". The constant-yield accrual of OID on a 
VRDI is determined by substituting the value of the variable rate on the issue date (or, in certain cases, 
a fixed rate that reflects the yield that is reasonably expected for the VRDI) for each scheduled  payment 
of the variable rate. A fixed rate for an initial period of one year or less followed by a variable rate where 
the variable rate on the issue date is intended to approximate the fixed rate (which will be conclusively 
presumed if the value of the variable rate on the issue date does not differ from the value of the fixed rate 
by more than 0.25 per cent.) will be treated as a single variable rate for the purposes of this and the next 
paragraph. 
Different rules may apply to a VRDI that provides for (i) multiple variable rates or (ii) one or more 
variable rates and a single fixed rate (other than a fixed rate described in the preceding paragraph) (a 
Multiple-Rate VRDI). Under applicable Treasury regulations, in order to determine the amount of 
qualified stated interest and OID (if any) in respect of a Multiple-Rate VRDI, an equivalent fixed-rate 
debt instrument must be constructed. The equivalent fixed-rate debt instrument is constructed in the 
following manner: (i) if the Multiple-Rate VRDI contains a fixed rate, that fixed rate is converted to a 
variable rate that preserves the fair market value of the Security and (ii) each variable rate (including a 
variable rate determined under (i) above) is converted to a fixed rate substitute (which generally will be 
the value of that variable rate as of the issue date of the Multiple-Rate VRDI (or, in certain cases, a fixed 
rate that reflects the yield that is reasonably expected for the VRDI)) (the equivalent fixed-rate debt 
instrument). The rules discussed in "Original Issue Discount" are then applied to the equivalent fixed-
rate debt instrument to determine the amount, if any, of OID and the amount of qualified stated interest. 
A U.S. Holder will be required to include any such OID in income for U.S. federal income tax purposes 
as it accrues, in accordance with a constant-yield method based on a compounding of interest, as 
described above under "Original Issue Discount". 
The U.S. Holder is required to make adjustments to income to account for differences between actual 
payments on the Multiple-Rate VRDI and payments on the equivalent fixed-rate debt instrument. 
Prospective purchasers of Multiple-Rate VRDIs should consult their tax advisors regarding the rules 
applicable to these Securities. 
Upon the taxable disposition of a VRDI, a U.S. Holder generally will recognise capital gain or loss equal 
to the difference between the amount realised (other than amounts attributable to accrued qualified stated 
interest, which will be treated as described above under "Interest Payments on Securities") and the U.S. 
Holder's tax basis in the VRDI. A U.S. Holder's tax basis in a VRDI will equal the amount the U.S. 
Holder paid to purchase the VRDI, increased by the amounts of OID (if any) the U.S. Holder has 
previously included in income with respect to the VRDI and reduced by any payments the U.S. Holder 
has received other than qualified stated interest. Such gain or loss generally will be long-term capital 
gain or loss if the U.S. Holder has held the VRDI for more than one year at the time of the taxable 
disposition and short-term capital gain or loss otherwise. Special rules apply to VRDIs that are Foreign 
Currency Securities, Market Discount Securities and Securities purchased at a premium, as discussed 
above and below. 
Contingent Payment Debt Instruments 
Certain Securities may be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as contingent payment debt 
instruments (Contingent Securities). Under applicable U.S. Treasury regulations, interest on a 
Contingent Security is treated as OID and must be accrued on a constant-yield basis using (i) a yield to 
maturity that reflects the rate at which the Issuer would issue a comparable fixed-rate instrument with no 
contingent payments but with terms and conditions otherwise similar to the Contingent Security (the 
comparable yield) and (ii) a projected payment schedule determined by the Issuer at the time the 
Contingent Security is issued (the projected payment schedule). This projected payment schedule must

--- Page 250 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
222 
 
include each non-contingent payment on the Contingent Security and an estimated amount for each 
contingent payment, and must produce the comparable yield.  
The Issuer is generally required to provide to holders, solely for U.S. federal income tax purposes, a 
schedule of the projected amounts of payments on the Contingent Securities. If required in respect of an 
issue of Securities, the applicable Issue Terms will either contain the comparable yield and projected 
payment schedule, or will provide contact information through which a U.S. Holder of a Contingent 
Security can submit a request for this information.  
THE COMPARABLE YIELD AND PROJECTED PAYMENT SCHEDULE ARE NOT 
DETERMINED FOR ANY PURPOSE OTHER THAN FOR THE DETERMINATION OF INTEREST 
ACCRUALS AND ADJUSTMENTS THEREOF IN RESPECT OF THE CONTINGENT SECURITIES 
FOR U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX PURPOSES. THEY ARE BASED UPON A NUMBER OF 
ASSUMPTIONS AND ESTIMATES AND DO NOT CONSTITUTE A PROJECTION OR 
REPRESENTATION REGARDING THE ACTUAL AMOUNTS PAYABLE TO THE HOLDERS OF, 
OR THE ACTUAL YIELD ON, THE CONTINGENT SECURITIES.  
A U.S. Holder generally will be bound by the comparable yield and the projected payment schedule 
determined by the Issuer unless the U.S. Holder determines its own comparable yield and projected 
payment schedule and explicitly and timely discloses and justifies such schedule to the IRS. The Issuer's 
determination, however, is not binding on the IRS, and it is possible that the IRS could conclude that 
some other comparable yield or projected payment schedule should be used instead.  
The amount of OID includible in income, as interest, by a U.S. Holder of a Contingent Security is the 
sum of the daily portions of OID with respect to the Contingent Security for each day during the taxable 
year or portion of the taxable year in which the U.S. Holder holds the Contingent Security, generally as 
described above in "Original Issue Discount" (determined by substituting in that discussion the 
comparable yield for the "yield to maturity" and the projected payment schedule for the actual payments 
on the Security and treating no payment as qualified stated interest). Any net differences between actual 
payments received by the U.S. Holder on the Contingent Security in a taxable year and the projected 
amounts of those payments will be accounted for as additional interest (in the case of a net positive 
adjustment) or as an offset to interest income in respect of the Contingent Security (in the case of a net 
negative adjustment) for that taxable year. If the net negative adjustment for a taxable year exceeds the 
amount of interest on the Contingent Security for that year, the excess will be treated as ordinary loss in 
that year, but only to the extent the U.S. Holder's total interest inclusions on the Contingent Security 
exceed the total amount of any ordinary loss in respect of the Contingent Security claimed by the U.S. 
Holder under this rule in prior taxable years. Such a loss (as well as any ordinary loss incurred in 
connection with the taxable disposition of a Contingent Security, as described in the following paragraph) 
is not subject to the limitation imposed on miscellaneous itemised deductions under Section 67 of the 
Code. Any net negative adjustment that is not allowed as an ordinary loss for the taxable year is carried 
forward to the next taxable year, and is taken into account in determining whether the U.S. Holder has a 
net positive or negative adjustment for that year. Any net negative adjustment that is carried forward to 
a taxable year in which the U.S. Holder sells or taxably disposes of the Contingent Security reduces the 
U.S. Holder's amount realised on the sale or other taxable disposition.  
Upon the taxable disposition of a Contingent Security prior to its stated maturity, a U.S. Holder generally 
will recognise taxable income or loss equal to the difference between the amount received from the 
taxable disposition and the U.S. Holder's tax basis in the Contingent Security. A U.S. Holder's tax basis 
in the Contingent Security will equal the cost thereof, increased by any interest income the U.S. Holder 
has previously accrued (determined by taking into account any adjustments made because the U.S. 
Holder purchased the Contingent Security at more or less than its adjusted issue price, as discussed in 
the next paragraph, but not taking into account adjustments due to differences between projected and 
actual payments) and decreased by the projected amounts of any payments previously made on the 
Contingent Security (without regard to actual amounts paid). At maturity, a U.S. Holder will be treated 
as receiving the projected amount for that date (reduced by any carryforward of a net negative 
adjustment), and any difference between the amount received and that projected amount will be treated 
as a positive or negative adjustment governed by the rules described above. A U.S. Holder generally 
must treat any income realised on the taxable disposition of a Contingent Security as interest income and 
any loss as ordinary loss to the extent of previous interest inclusions (reduced by the total amount of net 
negative adjustments previously taken into account as ordinary losses) and the balance as capital loss, 
the deductibility of which is subject to limitations. If a U.S. Holder recognises a loss above certain

--- Page 251 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
223 
 
thresholds, the U.S. Holder may be required to file a disclosure statement with the IRS (as described 
below under "Reportable Transactions"). U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding this 
reporting obligation.  
The discussions below under "Market Discount" and "Securities Purchased at a Premium" do not apply 
to Contingent Securities. If a U.S. Holder purchases a Contingent Security for an amount that is less than 
its adjusted issue price, the U.S. Holder must (i) make a positive adjustment increasing the interest the 
U.S. Holder would otherwise accrue to the extent such amount is attributable to a change in interest rates 
and/or (ii) make a positive adjustment increasing the ordinary income (or decreasing the ordinary loss) 
that the U.S. Holder would otherwise recognise upon the date of a projected payment to the extent such 
amount is attributable to a change in expectations as to the amount of that projected payment. If a U.S. 
Holder purchases a Contingent Security for an amount that is greater than its adjusted issue price, the 
U.S. Holder must (i) make a negative adjustment decreasing the interest that the U.S. Holder would 
otherwise accrue to the extent such amount is attributable to a change in interest rates and/or (ii) make a 
negative adjustment decreasing the ordinary income (or increasing the ordinary loss) that the U.S. Holder 
would otherwise recognise upon the date of a projected payment to the extent such amount is attributable 
to a change in expectations as to the amount of that projected payment.  
Special rules may apply if all the remaining payments on a Contingent Security become fixed 
substantially contemporaneously. For this purpose, payments will be treated as fixed if the remaining 
contingencies with respect to them are remote or incidental. Under these rules, a U.S. Holder would be 
required to account for the difference between the original projected payments and the fixed payments 
in a reasonable manner over the period to which the difference relates. In addition, a U.S. Holder would 
be required to make adjustments to, among other things, its accrual periods and its tax basis in the 
Contingent Security. The character of any gain or loss on a sale or other taxable disposition of the 
Contingent Security also might be affected. If one or more (but not all) contingent payments on a 
Contingent Security became fixed more than six months prior to the relevant payment date(s), a U.S. 
Holder would be required to account for the difference between the original projected payment(s) and 
the fixed payment(s) on a present value basis. Prospective purchasers of Contingent Securities should 
consult their tax advisors regarding the application of these rules.  
Foreign Currency Contingent Payment Debt Instruments 
Special rules apply to determine the accrual of OID and the amount, timing, and character of any gain or 
loss on a Security that is a contingent payment debt instrument denominated in, or whose payments are 
determined by reference to, a foreign currency (a Foreign Currency Contingent Security). The term 
"Foreign Currency Contingent Security" also applies to certain debt instruments denominated in, or 
providing for payments determined by reference to, multiple currencies. The discussions below under 
"Securities Purchased at a Premium" and "Market Discount" do not apply to Foreign Currency 
Contingent Securities. 
Under these rules, a U.S. Holder of a Foreign Currency Contingent Security generally will be required 
to accrue OID in the foreign currency in which the Foreign Currency Contingent Security is denominated, 
if applicable, or in the foreign currency with reference to which payments on the Security are determined 
(or, in the case of a Foreign Currency Contingent Security that has payments determined by reference to 
more than one foreign currency, in the "predominant currency" determined under applicable Treasury 
regulations) (the relevant foreign currency). A U.S. Holder of a Foreign Currency Contingent Security 
will apply rules similar to those applicable to Contingent Securities, as described above under 
"Contingent Payment Debt Instruments", to determine OID accruals, account for net positive or net 
negative adjustments, and calculate income or loss on the taxable disposition of the Foreign Currency 
Contingent Security. All such determinations are made in the relevant foreign currency. A highly 
complex set of rules governs the translation into U.S. dollars of the amounts determined in the relevant 
foreign currency and the related determination of foreign currency gain or loss. Prospective purchasers 
of Foreign Currency Contingent Securities should consult their tax advisors regarding these rules. A U.S. 
Holder might be required to file a disclosure statement with the IRS if the U.S. Holder recognises foreign 
currency loss above certain thresholds (as described below under "Reportable Transactions").

--- Page 252 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
224 
 
Short-Term Securities 
Certain modifications to the general rules apply to Securities with a term of one year or less (from but 
excluding the issue date to and including the last possible date that the Securities could be outstanding 
pursuant to their terms) (Short-Term Securities). 
First, none of the interest on a Short-Term Security is treated as qualified stated interest. Instead, interest 
on a Short-Term Security is treated as part of the Short-Term Security's stated redemption price at 
maturity, thereby giving rise to OID equal to the sum of all payments on the Security less the Security's 
issue price. OID will be treated as accruing on a Short-Term Security rateably, or, at the election of a 
U.S. Holder, under a constant yield method. 
Second, a cash-method holder of a Short-Term Security generally will not be required to include OID in 
respect of the Short-Term Security in income on a current basis. However, the cash-method holder may 
not be allowed to deduct all of the interest paid or accrued on any indebtedness incurred or maintained 
to purchase or carry the Security until the maturity of the Security or its earlier taxable disposition. In 
addition, such a cash-method holder will be required to treat any gain realised on a taxable disposition 
of the Security as ordinary income to the extent of the holder's accrued OID on the Security, and as short-
term capital gain to the extent the gain exceeds the accrued OID. A cash-method holder of a Short-Term 
Security may, however, elect to accrue OID into income on a current basis. In that case, the limitation 
on the deductibility of interest described above will not apply. An accrual-method holder generally will 
be required to include OID on a Short-Term Security in income on a current basis. 
Third, Short-Term Securities will not be subject to the rules applicable to Contingent Securities. 
However, a Short-Term Security may have special redemption features or provide for other contingent 
payments. These features may cause uncertainty regarding the timing and character of income to be 
recognised on the Short-Term Security. Prospective purchasers of Short-Term Securities with such 
features should consult their tax advisors regarding these uncertainties. 
Market Discount 
If a U.S. Holder purchases a Security, other than a Short-Term Security, Contingent Security or Foreign 
Currency Contingent Security, for an amount that is less than the Security's stated redemption price at 
maturity or, in the case of an OID Security, for an amount that is less than the Security's revised issue 
price (i.e., the Security's issue price increased by the amount of accrued OID), the Security will be 
considered to have market discount (a Market Discount Security). The market discount rules are subject 
to a de minimis rule similar to the rule relating to de minimis OID described above (in the second 
paragraph under "Original Issue Discount"). Any gain recognised by the U.S. Holder on the taxable 
disposition of a Market Discount Security generally will be treated as ordinary income to the extent of 
the market discount that accrued on the Security while held by such U.S. Holder. 
Alternatively, the U.S. Holder may elect to include market discount in income currently over the term of 
the Security. Such an election will apply to debt instruments with market discount acquired by the U.S. 
Holder on or after the first day of the first taxable year to which such election applies and may be revoked 
only with the consent of the IRS. Market discount will accrue on a straight-line basis unless the U.S. 
Holder elects to accrue the market discount on a constant-yield method. Unless the U.S. Holder elects to 
include market discount in income on a current basis, as described above, the U.S. Holder generally will 
be required to defer the deduction of a portion of the interest paid on any indebtedness incurred or 
maintained to purchase or carry the Security. 
Market discount on a Foreign Currency Security will be determined by a U.S. Holder in the relevant 
foreign currency. The amount includible in income by a U.S. Holder in respect of accrued market 
discount will be the U.S. dollar value of the amount accrued. This is generally calculated at the spot rate 
of exchange on the date that the Security is disposed of by the U.S. Holder. Any accrued market discount 
on a Foreign Currency Security that is currently includible in income generally will be translated into 
U.S. dollars at the average exchange rate for the accrual period or portion of such accrual period within 
the U.S. Holder's taxable year.

--- Page 253 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
225 
 
Securities Purchased at a Premium 
A U.S. Holder that purchases a Security (other than a Contingent Security or Foreign Currency 
Contingent Security) for an amount in excess of the remaining redemption amount (as defined above 
under "Original Issue Discount") will be considered to have purchased the Security at a premium. In that 
case, the OID rules will not apply to the Security. The U.S. Holder may elect to amortise the premium, 
as an offset to qualified stated interest, using a constant-yield method, over the remaining term of the 
Security. This election, once made, generally applies to all debt instruments held or subsequently 
acquired by the U.S. Holder on or after the beginning of the first taxable year to which the election applies 
and may be revoked only with the consent of the IRS. A U.S. Holder that elects to amortise bond premium 
must reduce its tax basis in a Security by the amount of the premium amortised during its holding period. 
Special rules may affect the U.S. Holder's ability to amortise bond premium if a Security may be 
redeemed at the Issuer's election at a price in excess of the Security's stated redemption price at maturity. 
Prospective purchasers who anticipate acquiring Securities with such features at a premium should 
consult their tax advisors regarding these special rules. If a U.S. Holder does not elect to amortise bond 
premium, the U.S. Holder generally will treat the premium as capital loss when the Security matures. 
Amortisable bond premium in respect of a Foreign Currency Security will be computed in the relevant 
currency and will reduce qualified stated interest in that currency. At the time amortised bond premium 
offsets interest income, foreign currency gain or loss, which will be taxable as ordinary income or loss, 
will be realised on the amortised bond premium on such Security based on the difference between (1) 
the spot rate of exchange on the date or dates such premium offsets interest payments on the Security 
and (2) the spot rate of exchange on the date on which the U.S. Holder acquired the Security. 
Possible Alternative Tax Treatment 
There is no authority regarding the proper treatment of Credit Linked Notes and other Securities that do 
not provide for the return at maturity of a holder's investment under all circumstances. It is possible that 
all or any portion of such a Security could be recharacterised as other than a debt instrument, in which 
case the character and timing of income on the Security may be different for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. 
Even if the tax treatment of the Securities as debt is respected, it is possible that Securities the Issuer 
does not intend to treat as Contingent Securities or Foreign Currency Contingent Securities could be 
treated as Contingent Securities or Foreign Currency Contingent Securities, with the consequences 
described above under "Contingent Payment Debt Instruments" or "Foreign Currency Contingent 
Payment Debt Instruments", respectively. 
Securities Not Treated as Debt  
The discussions below address various categories of Securities that the Issuer intends to treat for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes as other than debt, as indicated by the statement under "United States Tax 
Considerations" in the applicable Issue Terms. As discussed under "– General", this section does not 
address the U.S. federal tax treatment of Preference Share Linked Securities. 
Due to the absence of controlling statutory, judicial or administrative authorities that directly address the 
U.S. federal tax treatment of non-debt Securities or similar instruments, significant aspects of the tax 
treatment of an investment in these Securities are uncertain. The following discussions of specific types 
of non-debt Securities generally assume that the Issuer's intended treatment of each type of Security is 
respected. These discussions are subject to, and should be read in conjunction with, the section below 
entitled "Other U.S. Federal Tax Considerations Applicable to Securities That Are Not Treated as Debt". 
As discussed in that section, alternative treatments of the Securities are possible, and even if the Issuer's 
general characterisation of the relevant Securities is respected there may nonetheless be uncertainty about 
specific aspects of the tax treatment of the relevant Securities. The Issuer does not plan to request a ruling 
from the IRS, and the IRS or a court might not agree with the treatments described below. Accordingly, 
prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisors regarding all aspects of the U.S. federal income 
tax consequences of an investment in the Securities. 
If the Issuer designates a Substitute for itself, or there is another change to the Securities that results in 
the Securities being treated as reissued for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as discussed in "—Possible 
Taxable Event Under Section 1001 of the Code", the treatment of the Securities after such an event could

--- Page 254 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
226 
 
differ from their prior treatment. Except where specifically stated, the discussion herein assumes that no 
such deemed retirement and reissuance has occurred.  
Securities Treated as Prepaid Forward Contracts or Options 
The following discussion applies only to Securities, not providing for any payments prior to maturity or 
early redemption, that the Issuer treats for U.S. federal income tax purposes as prepaid forward contracts 
or options.  
A U.S. Holder generally should not be required to recognise taxable income over the term of a Security 
prior to maturity, other than pursuant to a taxable disposition as described below.  
Upon a taxable disposition of a Security for cash and/or property (other than the Underlying), a U.S. 
Holder should recognise gain or loss equal to the difference between the cash and/or property received 
and the U.S. Holder's tax basis in the Security. A U.S. Holder's tax basis in a Security generally should 
equal the amount paid to acquire it. This gain or loss generally should be long-term capital gain or loss 
if at the time of the sale, exchange or retirement the U.S. Holder held the Security for more than one 
year, and short-term capital gain or loss otherwise.  
The tax consequences of receipt of the Underlying in settlement of a Physical Delivery Security are not 
clear. If receipt of the Underlying is treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as the physical 
settlement of the Security, the U.S. Holder generally should not recognise any gain or loss with respect 
to the Underlying received. Under this treatment, a U.S. Holder should have an aggregate tax basis in the 
Underlying (including any fractional Underlying for which cash is received) equal to the U.S. Holder's 
tax basis in the Security and should have a holding period in that Underlying beginning on the day after 
receipt. With respect to any cash received in lieu of a fractional Underlying, a U.S. Holder should 
recognise capital gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference between the amount of that cash and 
the tax basis allocable to the fractional Underlying. However, it is possible that receipt of the Underlying 
could be treated as a taxable disposition of the Security for an amount equal to the fair market value of 
the Underlying, in which case the U.S. Holder would recognise gain or loss (subject, in the case of loss, 
to the possible application of the wash sale rules) as described in the previous paragraph. In that event, 
the Underlying received would generally be treated as purchased for its fair market value on the date of 
receipt.  
In some cases, a Security may provide for amounts that are fixed or accrue prior to maturity but are paid 
at maturity (or, depending on the terms of the Security, upon an early retirement). In that event, a U.S. 
Holder might be required to treat such amounts as ordinary income, either at maturity or as they are fixed 
or accrue. Alternatively, if the entire amount of the payment at maturity becomes fixed or subject to a 
minimum level prior to maturity, the Security might be treated as terminated for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes at such time, in which case a U.S. Holder could be required to recognise capital gain in respect 
of the Security. See "Other U.S. Federal Tax Considerations Applicable to Securities That Are Not 
Treated as Debt". Prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisors regarding the treatment of 
such payments.  
Securities Treated as Prepaid Forward Contracts or Options with Associated Periodic Payments 
The following discussion applies only to Securities that the Issuer treats for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes as prepaid forward contracts or options with associated periodic payments. Unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, this discussion also applies to a Security that provides for non-
periodic payment(s) prior to maturity or early retirement.  
Insofar as it has information reporting responsibility in respect of a Security, the Issuer expects to treat 
the periodic payments (including the periodic payment at maturity) as ordinary income, which the U.S. 
Holder would recognise in accordance with its method of accounting for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes. It is possible that the timing and character of income with respect to a periodic payment could 
be different, as described below. See "Other U.S. Federal Tax Considerations Applicable to Securities 
That Are Not Treated as Debt".  
Upon a taxable disposition of a Security for cash and/or property (other than the Underlying) a U.S. 
Holder generally should recognise gain or loss equal to the difference between (i) the cash and/or 
property received and (ii) the U.S. Holder's tax basis in the Security. However, any periodic payment

--- Page 255 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
227 
 
received at maturity will, and the treatment of any sales proceeds attributable to an accrued but unpaid 
periodic payment may, be treated as described in the preceding paragraph. A U.S. Holder's tax basis in a 
Security generally should equal the amount paid to acquire it. This gain or loss generally should be long-
term capital gain or loss if at the time of the taxable disposition the U.S. Holder held the Securities for 
more than one year, and short-term capital gain or loss otherwise.  
The tax consequences of receipt of the Underlying in settlement of a Physical Delivery Security are not 
clear. If receipt of the Underlying is treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as the physical 
settlement of the Security, the U.S. Holder generally should not recognise any gain or loss with respect 
to the Underlying received. Under this treatment, a U.S. Holder should have an aggregate tax basis in the 
Underlying received (including a fractional Underlying for which cash is received) equal to the U.S. 
Holder's tax basis in the Securities and should have a holding period in that Underlying beginning on the 
day after receipt. With respect to any cash received in lieu of a fractional Underlying, a U.S. Holder 
should recognise capital gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference between the amount of that 
cash and the tax basis allocable to the fractional Underlying. However, it is possible that receipt of the 
Underlying could be treated as a taxable disposition of the Security for an amount equal to the fair market 
value of the Underlying, in which case the U.S. Holder would recognise gain or loss as described in the 
previous paragraph (subject, in the case of loss, to the possible application of the wash sale rules). In that 
event, the Underlying received would generally be treated as purchased for its fair market value on the 
date of receipt.  
Securities Treated as Put Options and Deposits 
The following discussion applies only to a Security that the Issuer treats as a put option (the Put Option) 
written by the U.S. Holder with respect to the Underlying, secured by a deposit equal to the stated 
principal amount of the Security (the Deposit). It generally assumes that the U.S. Holder purchases the 
Security for its stated principal amount. Under this treatment:  
• 
a portion of each periodic payment made with respect to a Security will be attributable to interest 
on the Deposit; and  
• 
the remainder will represent option premium attributable to the U.S. Holder's grant of the Put 
Option (with respect to each payment received and, collectively, all periodic payments received, 
the Put Premium).  
It is possible that the timing and character of income with respect to a periodic payment could be 
different, as described below under "Other U.S. Federal Tax Considerations Applicable to Securities 
That Are Not Treated as Debt".  
If the term of a Security is not more than one year, the Deposit will be treated as a "short-term obligation" 
generally subject to the rules described under "Securities Treated as Debt – Short-Term Securities" 
above.  
If the term of a Security is more than one year, subject to anything to the contrary in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement in respect of Exempt Securities, the Issuer generally intends to treat the Deposit as 
a fixed rate debt instrument or a Single-Rate VRDI, depending on the terms of the Security, and the 
following discussion is based on this treatment. Under this treatment, interest on the Deposit generally 
will be taxable as ordinary interest income at the time it accrues or is received in accordance with the 
U.S. Holder's method of tax accounting. If, however, the terms of the Deposit cause it instead to be 
treated as a "contingent payment debt instrument", as described above under "Securities Treated as Debt 
– Contingent Payment Debt Instruments", the timing and character of income recognised on the Deposit 
will be as described in that section.  
The Put Premium should not be taken into account until the taxable disposition of a Security. Where 
relevant, the Issuer will provide the percentage of each periodic payment that is allocated to interest on 
the Deposit and to Put Premium in the applicable Issue Terms. This allocation is binding on a U.S. Holder 
unless the U.S. Holder discloses otherwise on its U.S. federal income tax return; however, it is not 
binding on the IRS.  
Upon a taxable disposition of a Security prior to maturity or earlier redemption, a U.S. Holder should 
apportion the amount realised between the Deposit and the Put Option based on their respective values

--- Page 256 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
228 
 
on the date of the taxable disposition. Except with respect to any amount attributable to accrued interest 
on the Deposit, which, if not previously included in income, will be treated as a payment of interest (in 
the case of a short-term Security, only to the extent of the gain recognised), a U.S. Holder will recognise 
gain or loss with respect to the Deposit in an amount equal to the difference between (i) the amount 
realised that is apportioned to the Deposit (the Deposit Value) and (ii) the U.S. Holder's basis in the 
Deposit (i.e., the issue price of the Security). Such gain or loss will be long-term capital gain or loss if 
the U.S. Holder has held the Security for more than one year, and short-term capital gain or loss 
otherwise. If the amount of a periodic payment in respect of an accrual period is not known until the end 
of the relevant observation period, it is not clear how much interest, if any, will be treated as having 
accrued on the Deposit at the time of a taxable disposition prior to maturity.  
Any difference between the amount realised on the taxable disposition and the Deposit Value will be 
apportioned to the Put Option. If the Deposit Value exceeds the amount realised upon the taxable 
disposition of a Security, a U.S. Holder will be treated as having made a payment equal to such excess 
in exchange for the purchaser's assumption of the Put Option. A U.S. Holder should recognise short-term 
capital gain or loss in respect of the Put Option in an amount equal to the total Put Premium previously 
received, decreased by the amount deemed to be paid by the U.S. Holder, or increased by the amount 
deemed to be paid to the U.S. Holder, in exchange for the purchaser's assumption of the Put Option.  
The periodic payment received at maturity or earlier redemption should be treated as described above. 
If a Security is retired for its stated principal amount (without taking into account any periodic payment), 
the Put Option should be deemed to have expired unexercised, in which case a U.S. Holder should 
recognise short-term capital gain in an amount equal to the sum of all payments of Put Premium received, 
including the Put Premium received at maturity.  
At maturity, if a U.S. Holder receives an amount of cash and/or property (other than the Underlying), not 
counting the final periodic payment, that is different from the stated principal amount, the Put Option 
should be deemed to have been exercised and the U.S. Holder should be deemed to have applied the 
Deposit toward the cash settlement of the Put Option. In that case, the U.S. Holder should recognise 
short-term capital gain or loss with respect to the Put Option in an amount equal to the difference between 
(i) the sum of the total Put Premium received (including the Put Premium received at maturity) and the 
cash and/or other property the U.S. Holder receives at maturity, excluding the final periodic payment, 
and (ii) the Deposit.  
If the Underlying is an interest in an entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, 
it is unclear whether any capital gain or loss recognised in respect of the Put Option upon retirement of 
the Security should be treated as long-term or short-term capital gain or loss, respectively, if the U.S. 
Holder has held the Security for more than a year at that time. Prospective purchasers should consult 
their tax advisors regarding the tax consequences of purchasing a Security linked to such an interest. 
The tax consequences of receipt of the Underlying in settlement of a Physical Delivery Security are not 
clear. If receipt of the Underlying is treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as the physical 
settlement of the Security, the Put Option will be deemed to have been exercised, and the U.S. Holder 
should be deemed to have applied the Deposit toward the physical settlement of the Put Option. Under 
this treatment, a U.S. Holder should not recognise any income or gain in respect of the total Put Premium 
received (including the Put Premium received at maturity) and should not recognise any gain or loss with 
respect to any Underlying received. Instead, a U.S. Holder should have an aggregate tax basis in the 
Underlying received (including any fractional Underlying) equal to the Deposit less the total Put 
Premium received over the term of the Securities. A U.S. Holder's holding period for any Underlying 
received will start on the day after receipt. With respect to any cash received in lieu of a fractional 
Underlying, a U.S. Holder should recognise capital gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference 
between the amount of cash received in lieu of the fractional Underlying and the pro rata portion of the 
U.S. Holder's aggregate tax basis that is allocable to the fractional Underlying. However, it is possible 
that receipt of the Underlying could be treated as a taxable disposition of the Security for an amount 
equal to the fair market value of the Underlying, in which case the U.S. Holder would recognise gain or 
loss as described in the previous paragraph (subject, in the case of loss, to the possible application of the 
wash sale rules). In that event, the Underlying received would generally be treated as purchased for its 
fair market value on the date of receipt.

--- Page 257 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
229 
 
Other U.S. Federal Tax Considerations Applicable to Securities That Are Not Treated as Debt 
Alternative U.S. federal income tax treatments of the Securities are possible that, if applied, could 
materially and adversely affect the timing and/or character of income, gain or loss with respect to non-
debt Securities. For instance, a Security could be treated as a debt instrument, notwithstanding the Issuer's 
treatment of it as a non-debt instrument, in which case (i) physical delivery of the Underlying would be 
a taxable event, and (ii) the consequences of owning the Security would generally be as described above 
under "Securities Treated as Debt – Short-Term Securities" or "Securities Treated as Debt – Contingent 
Payment Debt Instruments", as applicable. Moreover, if the payment at maturity on a non-debt Security 
were to become fixed or subject to a minimum level prior to maturity, a U.S. Holder might be required 
to treat the Security as debt after that date and also possibly to recognise gain at that time. It is also 
possible that a U.S. Holder could be treated as owning the Underlying, in which case the tax 
consequences might be materially and adversely affected.  
For Securities linked to an Underlying that is not a specific asset, for example a Rate, it is possible that 
(i) any gain recognised at maturity of the Security could be treated as ordinary income instead of capital 
gain and (ii) any loss so recognised could be treated as a "miscellaneous itemized deduction" subject to 
significant limitations on use. 
With respect to Securities treated as prepaid forward contracts or options with associated periodic 
payments and Securities treated as Put Options and Deposits, the periodic payments on the Securities 
might not be accounted for separately as giving rise to income to a U.S. Holder until the sale, exchange 
or retirement of the Securities. In the case of Securities treated as Put Options and Deposits, the entire 
periodic payment on the Security could be treated as ordinary income at the time received or accrued. In 
either case, such an alternative treatment would affect, among other things, the determination of gain or 
loss upon the taxable disposition of the relevant Security.  
Other possible U.S. federal income tax treatments of the Securities could also affect the timing and 
character of income or loss with respect to the Securities. In addition, the U.S. Treasury Department and 
the IRS have requested comments on various issues regarding the U.S. federal income tax treatment of 
"prepaid forward contracts" and similar financial instruments and have indicated that such transactions 
may be the subject of future regulations or other guidance. In addition, members of Congress have 
proposed legislative changes to the tax treatment of derivative contracts. Any legislation, Treasury 
regulations or other guidance promulgated after consideration of these issues could materially and 
adversely affect the tax consequences of an investment in the Securities, possibly with retroactive effect. 
Prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisors concerning the U.S. federal income tax 
consequences of an investment in the Securities, including possible alternative treatments and potential 
changes in applicable law.  
Possible Application of Section 1260 of the Code 
If a Security is linked to an Underlying that is an equity interest in one of a specified list of entities, 
including an exchange-traded fund or other regulated investment company (e.g., a mutual fund), a real 
estate investment trust, partnership, trust or PFIC, it is possible, depending upon the specific terms of the 
Security, that an investment in the Security will be treated as a "constructive ownership transaction" 
within the meaning of Section 1260 of the Code. In that case, all or a portion of any long-term capital 
gain otherwise recognised by a U.S. Holder in respect of the Security would be recharacterised as 
ordinary income to the extent such gain exceeded the "net underlying long-term capital gain." Although 
the matter is unclear, the "net underlying long-term capital gain" may equal the amount of long-term 
capital gain a U.S. Holder would have realised if on the issue date the U.S. Holder had invested the 
amount paid to acquire the Security in the relevant Underlying and sold those Underlying units for their 
fair market value at the time the relevant Security is sold, exchanged or retired (which would generally 
reflect the percentage increase, if any, in the value of the Underlying over the term of the Securities). 
However, the "net underlying long-term capital gain" could be calculated in other ways. Any long-term 
capital gain recharacterised as ordinary income under Section 1260 would be treated as accruing at a 
constant rate over the period the U.S. Holder held the Security, and the U.S. Holder would be subject to 
a notional interest charge in respect of the deemed tax liability on the income treated as accruing in prior 
tax years. The amount of "net underlying long-term capital gain" is treated as zero unless the actual 
amount of "net underlying long-term capital gain" is established by clear and convincing evidence. 
Moreover, Securities linked to certain Underlyings could, if a U.S. Holder is an individual or other non-
corporate investor, be subject to tax at the higher rates applicable to "collectibles" instead of the general

--- Page 258 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
230 
 
rates that apply to long-term capital gain. See "Possible Higher Tax on Securities Linked to 
"Collectibles"" below. Prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisors regarding the possible 
application of Section 1260 to the Securities.  
Possible Taxable Event Under Section 1001 of the Code  
If there is (i) any Adjustment Event, including but not limited to the replacement of the Underlying, (ii) 
a change in the methodology by which an Index is calculated, (iii) a change in the components of an 
Index, (iv) any other circumstance resulting in a material change to the Underlying or a rate referenced 
by a Security, (v) a redenomination, (vi) the Issuer designates a Substitute for itself, or (vii) any other 
circumstance resulting in a material change to the terms of a Security, it is possible that the Securities 
could be treated, in whole or part, as retired and reissued for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In the 
event of a deemed retirement, a U.S. Holder might be required to recognise gain or loss (subject, in the 
case of loss, to the possible application of the wash sale rules) with respect to the Securities. Moreover, 
the treatment of the Securities after such an event could differ from their prior treatment. Prospective 
purchasers should consult their tax advisors regarding the risk of such an event.  
Possible Application of Section 988 of the Code  
If the Underlying in respect of a Security consists of one or more foreign currencies, foreign currency 
debt instruments, contingent foreign currency debt instruments, or indices or derivatives with respect to 
the foregoing, it is likely that the Security will be subject to Section 988 of the Code. In that case, subject 
to the election discussed in the next sentence, any gain or loss recognised on the Security generally will 
be treated as ordinary income or loss. While a taxpayer may elect to treat gain or loss on certain non-debt 
instruments linked to one or more foreign currencies as capital gain or loss (a Section 988 election), it 
is unclear whether a "Section 988 election" would be available for Securities treated as prepaid forward 
contracts or options, and doubtful that it would be available for other Securities. In addition, assuming 
Section 988 of the Code applies to the Securities and a valid Section 988 election is not made, a U.S. 
Holder might be subject to special reporting requirements that apply to foreign currency losses that 
exceed certain thresholds (as described below under "Reportable Transactions"). Prospective purchasers 
should consult their tax advisors regarding the potential application of Section 988 of the Code and the 
availability and advisability of making a "Section 988 election".  
With respect to Securities treated as Put Options and Deposits, not described in the preceding paragraph, 
that are denominated in or determined by reference to a foreign currency, the Deposit (but not, generally, 
the Put Option) may be subject to special rules under Section 988 of the Code that are applicable to 
foreign currency debt as described above under "– Securities Treated as Debt". Prospective purchasers 
should consult their tax advisors regarding the potential application of Section 988 to the Securities.  
Possible Application of Section 1256 of the Code  
Special rules will apply if a Security is treated in whole or in part as subject to the mark-to-market rules 
of Section 1256 of the Code. Section 1256 applies, among others, to "foreign currency contracts," as well 
as certain options listed on or subject to the rules of a qualified board or exchange. If Section 1256 of the 
Code were to apply to a Security, a U.S. Holder would be required (i) to recognise gain or loss on all, or 
a portion, of the Security as if it were sold at its fair market value on the last business day of each year it 
is held, and (ii) to treat such gain or loss as 40 per cent. short-term capital gain or loss and 60 per cent. 
long-term capital gain or loss (subject, in the case of a foreign currency contract, to the U.S. Holder's 
making a valid Section 988 election as described above). In the absence of a valid Section 988 election 
with respect to a Security treated as a "foreign currency contract," the gain or loss recognised would be 
ordinary. Prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisors regarding the potential application of 
Section 1256 of the Code to the Securities.  
Possible Higher Tax on Securities Linked to "Collectibles"  
Under current law, long-term capital gain recognised on a sale of "collectibles" (which includes, among 
others, metals) or an ownership interest in certain entities that hold collectibles is generally taxed at the 
maximum 28 per cent. rate applicable to collectibles. It is possible that long-term capital gain from a 
taxable disposition of certain non-debt Securities linked to an Underlying that is a collectible or is one of 
certain entities holding collectibles would be subject to the maximum 28 per cent. rate applicable to 
collectibles, instead of the lower long-term capital gain rate. Prospective purchasers should consult their

--- Page 259 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
231 
 
tax advisors regarding an investment in a Security linked to a collectible or to an entity holding 
collectibles.  
Tax Consequences to Non-U.S. Holders  
Securities Issued by a U.S. Issuer 
Securities Treated as Debt 
This section describes certain generally applicable U.S. federal income tax consequences to Non-U.S. 
Holders in respect of Securities issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI (each, a U.S. Issuer) that the Issuer 
intends to treat as debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes as evidenced by the statement under "United 
States Tax Considerations" in the applicable Issue Terms, and that are not Non-U.S. Securities. It 
generally assumes that the Issuer's intended treatment is respected. Prospective purchasers of the 
Securities should consult their tax advisors about the risk that the IRS challenges the Issuer's treatment 
of the Securities. Certain exceptions to these general rules are discussed below under "Other U.S. Federal 
Tax Considerations for Non-U.S. Holders" and "FATCA", and therefore this discussion is subject to, and 
should be read in conjunction with, the discussion contained in those sections. 
Interest payments on a Security issued by a U.S. Issuer should not be subject to U.S. federal withholding 
tax, as long as (1) the Non-U.S. Holder does not actually or constructively own 10 per cent. or more of 
the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the U.S. Issuer entitled to vote, (2) the Non-
U.S. Holder is not (i) a controlled foreign corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes that is related 
to the U.S. Issuer through stock ownership or (ii) a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement 
entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business, (3) such interest is not contingent on the U.S. 
Issuer's profits, revenues or changes in the value of its property and is not otherwise excluded from the 
definition of "portfolio interest" by Section 871(h)(4) of the Code, and (4) the Non-U.S. Holder provides 
a statement signed under penalties of perjury that certifies that it is a non-United States person in 
compliance with applicable requirements (generally, an appropriate IRS Form W-8) or satisfies certain 
documentary evidence requirements for establishing that it is a non-United States person. Gain realised 
by a Non-U.S. Holder on the taxable disposition of a Security (which excludes amounts attributable to 
accrued interest) generally will not be subject to U.S. federal withholding or income tax. 
If the Issuer designates a Substitute for itself, or there is another change to the Securities that results in 
the Securities being treated as reissued for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as discussed in "Tax 
Consequences to U.S. Holders—Other U.S. Federal Tax Considerations Applicable to Securities That 
Are Not Treated as Debt—Possible Taxable Event Under Section 1001 of the Code", the treatment of the 
Securities after such an event could differ from their prior treatment. Except where specifically stated, 
the discussion herein assumes that no such deemed retirement and reissuance has occurred. 
As discussed under "Tax Consequences to U.S. Holders – Possible Alternative Tax Treatment" above, 
there is no authority regarding the U.S. federal income tax treatment of Credit Linked Notes or other 
Securities that do not provide for the return at maturity of a holder's investment under all circumstances. 
The Issuer's intended treatment of such Securities is not binding on the IRS, and the IRS could disagree 
with it. If such a Security were treated as an instrument other than debt, interest payments on the Security 
could be subject to withholding at a rate of 30 per cent., subject to reduction under an applicable income 
tax treaty. Insofar as it has  responsibility as a withholding agent in respect of such Securities, the Issuer 
currently does not intend to withhold on payments on such Securities to Non-U.S. Holders (subject to 
the certification requirements and the exceptions described herein). However, it is possible that other 
withholding agents may withhold on interest payments on such Securities, and in the future the Issuer 
may determine that it is required to so withhold. 
Securities Not Treated as Debt 
This section describes certain generally applicable U.S. federal income tax consequences to Non-U.S. 
Holders in respect of Securities issued by a U.S. Issuer that the Issuer intends to treat as a financial 
instrument other than debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as evidenced by the statement under 
"United States Tax Considerations" in the applicable Issue Terms, and that are not Non-U.S. Securities. 
It generally assumes that the Issuer's intended treatment is respected. Certain exceptions to these general 
rules are discussed below under "– Other U.S. Federal Tax Considerations for Non-U.S. Holders" and 
"FATCA", and therefore this discussion is subject to, and should be read in conjunction with, the

--- Page 260 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
232 
 
discussions contained in those sections. Prospective purchasers should note that a U.S. Issuer will not be 
required to pay any additional amounts with respect to U.S. federal income taxes, if any, withheld, 
whether by the Issuer or by another withholding agent, with respect to Securities not treated as debt for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
If the Issuer designates a Substitute for itself, or there is another change to the Securities that results in 
the Securities being treated as reissued for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as discussed in "Tax 
Consequences to U.S. Holders—Other U.S. Federal Tax Considerations Applicable to Securities That 
Are Not Treated as Debt—Possible Taxable Event Under Section 1001 of the Code", the treatment of the 
Securities after such an event could differ from their prior treatment. Except where specifically stated, 
the discussion herein assumes that no such deemed retirement and reissuance has occurred.  
Non-U.S. Holders should refer to "Tax Consequences to U.S. Holders – Securities Not Treated as Debt" 
above for the definitions of certain terms used below. 
Securities Treated as Prepaid Forward Contracts or Options 
Generally, subject to the discussion in the next paragraph, a Non-U.S. Holder should not be subject to 
U.S. federal withholding or income tax in respect of the taxable disposition of a Security, not providing 
for any payments prior to maturity or early redemption, that is treated for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes as a prepaid forward contract or an option. 
In some cases, a Security may provide for amounts that are fixed or accrue prior to maturity but are paid 
at maturity. In that event, such amounts paid to a Non-U.S. Holder might be subject to withholding tax 
at a rate of 30 per cent. (which may be reduced under an applicable income tax treaty). Even if the Issuer 
or an applicable withholding agent generally treats such amounts as eligible for an exemption from 
withholding, in light of the uncertain treatment of such amounts the Issuer or an applicable withholding 
agent might require a Non-U.S. Holder to provide a statement signed under penalties of perjury that 
certifies that it is a non-United States person in compliance with applicable requirements (generally an 
appropriate IRS Form W-8) or to satisfy certain documentary evidence requirements for establishing that 
it is a non-United States person. Prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisors regarding the 
treatment of such payments. 
Securities Treated as Prepaid Forward Contracts or Options with Associated Periodic Payments 
With respect to Securities treated as prepaid forward contracts or options with associated periodic 
payments, to the extent the Issuer has withholding responsibility in respect of the Securities, it intends to 
treat the periodic payments as subject to withholding at a rate of 30 per cent., unless the Non-U.S. Holder 
provides a properly executed and appropriate IRS Form W-8 claiming eligibility for a reduction of or an 
exemption from withholding under an applicable income tax treaty. A Non-U.S. Holder generally should 
not be subject to U.S. federal withholding or income tax with respect to the taxable disposition of a 
Security (although any amount received in respect of a periodic payment may be treated as subject to 
withholding). Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, this discussion also applies to a 
Security that provides for non-periodic payment(s) prior to maturity or early retirement. 
Securities Treated as Put Options and Deposits 
A Non-U.S. Holder generally should not be subject to U.S. federal withholding or income tax in respect 
of amounts paid on a Security treated as Put Options and Deposits, as long as the requirements in the 
second paragraph under "– Securities Treated as Debt" are met. While the Issuer currently does not 
intend to withhold on payments to Non-U.S. Holders on Securities treated as Put Options and Deposits 
(assuming these requirements are met), in light of the uncertain treatment of the Securities other persons 
having withholding responsibility in respect of the Securities may treat some or all of each periodic 
payment on a Security as subject to withholding tax at a rate of 30 per cent. (which may be reduced under 
an applicable income tax treaty). Moreover, it is possible that in the future the Issuer may determine that 
it should so withhold at a rate of 30 per cent., subject to reduction under an applicable income tax treaty, 
on periodic payments on the Securities. A Non-U.S. Holder generally should not be subject to U.S. 
federal withholding or income tax with respect to the taxable disposition of a Security (other than with 
respect to amounts attributable to an accrued periodic payment, which are discussed above).

--- Page 261 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
233 
 
Securities Issued by the Non-U.S. Issuer 
Securities issued by CGMFL (the Non-U.S. Issuer) to Non-U.S. Holders will be designated as "Non-
U.S. Issuer Securities" in the applicable Issue Terms. For such Securities, subject to the discussions 
below under "Other U.S. Federal Tax Considerations for Non-U.S. Holders", the Issuer currently intends 
to treat payments made with respect to the Securities as not subject to U.S. federal withholding tax. 
Other U.S. Federal Tax Considerations for Non-U.S. Holders 
Except where specified otherwise, the discussion in this section applies to any Security issued by either 
the Non-U.S. Issuer or a U.S. Issuer and held by a Non-U.S. Holder. 
Possible Alternative Tax Treatments of an Investment in the Securities  
If all or any portion of a Security issued by a U.S. Issuer that the Issuer treats as a financial instrument 
other than debt were recharacterised as a debt instrument, any payment made to a Non-U.S. Holder with 
respect to the Security generally would not be subject to U.S. federal withholding or income tax as long 
as the requirements in the second paragraph under "–Securities Treated as Debt" are met. Moreover, if 
the payment at maturity on a non-debt Security were to become fixed or subject to a minimum level prior 
to maturity, a Non-U.S. Holder might be required to treat the Security as debt after that date. 
Alternatively, it is possible that a Non-U.S. Holder could be treated as owning the Underlying, in which 
case the tax consequences might be materially and adversely affected.  
As discussed above under "Tax Consequences to U.S. Holders – Securities Not Treated as Debt – Other 
U.S. Federal Tax Considerations Applicable to Securities That Are Not Treated as Debt", in 2007, the 
U.S. Treasury Department and the IRS released a notice requesting comments on the U.S. federal income 
tax treatment of "prepaid forward contracts" and similar instruments. Among the issues addressed in the 
notice is the degree, if any, to which any income with respect to instruments similar to certain Securities 
should be subject to U.S. federal withholding tax. While the notice requests comments on appropriate 
transition rules and effective dates, it is possible that any Treasury regulations or other guidance 
promulgated after consideration of these issues might materially and adversely affect the withholding tax 
consequences of an investment in the Securities, possibly with retroactive effect. If withholding is 
required, the Issuer will not be required to pay any additional amounts with respect to amounts so 
withheld.  
If all or any portion of a Security issued by a U.S. Issuer that the Issuer treats as a debt instrument were 
recharacterised as a financial instrument other than debt, certain payments made to a Non-U.S. Holder 
could be treated as being subject to U.S. federal withholding or income tax, as discussed above under 
"Tax Consequences to Non-U.S. Holders – Securities Not Treated as Debt". 
Effectively Connected Income 
If a Non-U.S. Holder is engaged in a U.S. trade or business, and if income (including gain) from a 
Security is effectively connected with the conduct of that trade or business, the Non-U.S. Holder 
generally will be subject to regular U.S. federal income tax with respect to that income in the same 
manner as if the Non-U.S. Holder were a U.S. Holder, unless an applicable income tax treaty provides 
otherwise. If such a Non-U.S. Holder is a corporation, the Non-U.S. Holder should also consider the 
potential application of a 30 per cent. (or lower treaty rate) branch profits tax. A Non-U.S. Holder would 
be required to provide an IRS Form W-8ECI to the applicable withholding agent to establish an 
exemption from withholding for amounts, otherwise subject to withholding, paid on a Security.  
Section 871(m) Withholding on Dividend Equivalents 
Section 871(m) of the Code and the Treasury regulations thereunder (Section 871(m)) impose a 30 per 
cent. (or lower treaty rate) withholding tax on certain "dividend equivalents" paid or deemed paid to Non-
U.S. Holders with respect to certain financial instruments linked to U.S. equities (Underlying 
Securities), as defined under the applicable Treasury regulations, or indices that include Underlying 
Securities. Section 871(m) generally applies to Specified Equity-Linked Instruments (Specified ELIs), 
which are financial instruments that substantially replicate the economic performance of one or more 
Underlying Securities, as determined based on tests set forth in the applicable Treasury regulations and 
discussed further below.  Section 871(m) provides certain exceptions to this withholding regime, in 
particular for instruments linked to certain broad-based indices that meet requirements set forth in the

--- Page 262 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
234 
 
applicable Treasury regulations (Qualified Indices) as well as securities that track such indices 
(Qualified Index Securities).  
Although the Section 871(m) regime is effective as of 2017, the regulations and IRS Notice 2020-2 phase 
in the application of Section 871(m) as follows: 
• 
For financial instruments issued prior to 1 January 2023, Section 871(m) will generally apply 
only to financial instruments that have a "delta" of one.  
• 
For financial instruments issued in 2023 and thereafter, Section 871(m) will apply if either (i) 
the "delta" of the relevant financial instrument is at least 0.80, if it is a "simple" contract, or (ii) 
the financial instrument meets a "substantial equivalence" test, if it is a "complex" contract. 
Delta is generally defined as the ratio of the change in the fair market value of a financial instrument to 
a small change in the fair market value of the number of shares of the Underlying Security. The 
"substantial equivalence" test measures whether a complex contract tracks its "initial hedge" (shares of 
the Underlying Security that would fully hedge the contract) more closely than would a "benchmark" 
simple contract with a delta of 0.80. 
The calculations are generally made at the calculation date, which is the earlier of (i) the time of pricing 
of the Security, i.e., when all material terms have been agreed on, and (ii) the issuance of the Security. 
However, if the time of pricing is more than 14 calendar days before the issuance of the Security, the 
calculation date is the date of the issuance of the Security. Under these rules, information regarding the 
Issuer's final determinations for purposes of Section 871(m) may be available only after a Non-U.S. 
Holder agrees to acquire a Security. As a result, a Non-U.S. Holder should acquire such a Security only 
if it is willing to accept the risk that the Security is treated as a Specified ELI subject to withholding 
under Section 871(m). 
If the terms of a Security are subject to a "significant modification" (for example, upon an Issuer 
substitution, as discussed above under "Tax Consequences to U.S. Holders—Other U.S. Federal Tax 
Considerations Applicable to Securities That Are Not Treated as Debt—Possible Taxable Event Under 
Section 1001 of the Code") the Security generally will be treated as reissued for this purpose at the time 
of the significant modification, in which case the Securities could become Specified ELIs at that time. 
If a Security is a Specified ELI, withholding in respect of dividend equivalents will, depending on the 
applicable withholding agent's circumstances, generally be required either (i) on the underlying dividend 
payment date or (ii) when cash payments are made on the Security or upon the date of maturity, lapse or 
other disposition by the Non-U.S. Holder of the Security, or possibly upon certain other events. 
Depending on the circumstances, the applicable withholding agent may withhold the required amounts 
from coupon or other payments on the Security, from proceeds of the retirement or other disposition of 
the Security, or from other cash or property of the Non-U.S. Holder held by the withholding agent. 
The dividend equivalent amount will include the amount of any actual or, under certain circumstances, 
estimated dividend. If the dividend equivalent amount is based on the actual dividend, it will be equal to 
the product of: (i) in the case of a "simple" contract, the per-share dividend amount, the number of shares 
of an Underlying Security and the delta; or (ii) in the case of a "complex" contract, the per-share dividend 
amount and the initial hedge. The dividend equivalent amount for Specified ELIs issued prior to 1 
January 2023 that have a "delta" of one will be calculated in the same manner as (i) above, using a "delta" 
of one. The per-share dividend amount will be the actual dividend (including any special dividends) paid 
with respect to a share of the Underlying Security. If the dividend equivalent amount is based on an 
estimated dividend, the Issue Terms will generally state the estimated amounts. 
Depending on the terms of a Security and whether it is issued prior to 1 January 2023, the Issue Terms 
may contain additional information relevant to Section 871(m), such as whether the Security references 
a Qualified Index or Qualified Index Security; whether it is a "simple" contract; the "delta" and the 
number of shares multiplied by delta (for a simple contract); and whether the "substantial equivalence 
test" is met and the initial hedge (for a complex contract). 
The Issuer's determination regarding Section 871(m) is generally binding on Non-U.S. Holders, but it is 
not binding on the IRS. The Section 871(m) regulations require complex calculations to be made with 
respect to Securities linked to Underlying Securities and their application to a specific issue of Securities

--- Page 263 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
235 
 
may be uncertain. Accordingly, even if the Issuer determines that certain Securities are not Specified 
ELIs, the IRS could challenge the Issuer's determination and assert that withholding is required in respect 
of those Securities. 
The application of Section 871(m) to a Security may be affected if a Non-U.S. Holder enters into another 
transaction in connection with the acquisition of the Security. For example, if a Non-U.S. Holder enters 
into other transactions relating to an Underlying Security, the Non-U.S. Holder could be subject to 
withholding tax or income tax liability under Section 871(m) even if the relevant Securities are not 
Specified ELIs subject to Section 871(m) as a general matter. Non-U.S. Holders should consult their tax 
advisors regarding the application of Section 871(m) in their particular circumstances. 
Specified Current Payment Securities: 
The following discussion applies to certain Securities that are Specified ELIs and that provide 
solely for (i) a payment at maturity or earlier retirement or exercise that is determined by 
reference to the value of the Underlying(s) (or physical delivery of the Underlying(s)) and (ii) 
cash payments equal to dividends (if any) on each Underlying Security to which the Security 
relates multiplied by the number of shares of such Underlying Security to which the Security 
relates (such cash payments, ("U.S. dividend-linked payments") and each such Security, (a 
"Specified Current Payment Security"). It is expected that each U.S. dividend-linked payment 
will be made on the payment date for the related dividend. 
The Issuer will treat each U.S. dividend-linked payment as the payment of a dividend equivalent. 
Accordingly, Non-U.S. Holders should expect withholding agents to withhold 30 per cent. (or 
a lower rate under the dividend provision of an applicable income tax treaty) of each U.S. 
dividend-linked payment. However, because the application of Section 871(m) to Specified 
Current Payment Securities is not entirely clear, it is possible that a withholding agent could 
treat such a Security as subject to additional withholding, for example from amounts due at 
maturity or exercise of the Security. In addition, a withholding agent may withhold at the 30 per 
cent. (or other applicable maximum) rate regardless of whether the Non-U.S. Holder  is eligible 
for the benefits of an income tax treaty in respect of the payment. 
Specified Net Total Return Securities 
The following discussion applies to certain Securities that are Specified ELIs and that provide 
solely for a payment at maturity or earlier retirement or exercise that is determined by reference 
to the value of the Underlying(s) (or physical delivery of the Underlying(s)), where such final 
value, in the case of an Underlying that is an Underlying Security, reflects the deemed 
reinvestment of any dividends paid over the term of the Security in respect of the number of 
shares of such Underlying Security to which the Security relates, net of the maximum amount 
of U.S. withholding tax that would be applicable to each such dividend (currently, 30 per cent.) 
(such net amount, the Net Dividend Amount). The discussion herein refers to each such Security 
as a Specified Net Total Return Security. 
Upon the payment of a dividend with respect to an Underlying Security in respect of a Specified 
Net Total Return Security, the Issuer will deposit with the IRS an amount equal to the relevant 
gross dividend amount multiplied by the maximum applicable U.S. withholding tax rate on 
dividends (not reduced by the application of any U.S. income tax treaty). Because (i) the Net 
Dividend Amount plus (ii) the amount to be deposited with the IRS will equal 100 per cent. of 
the gross dividend amount, the Issuer will treat the aggregate of (i) and (ii) as the payment of a 
dividend equivalent equal to 100 per cent. of such gross dividend amount for purposes of Section 
871(m). 
Prospective purchasers of Securities that are Specified ELIs should consult their tax advisors regarding 
whether they are eligible for a refund of any part of the withholding tax discussed above on the basis of 
an applicable U.S. income tax treaty, as well as the process for obtaining such a refund (which will 
generally require the filing of a U.S. federal income tax return). In some circumstances, including when 
the Issuer or another intermediary performs the withholding required under Section 871(m), it may not 
be possible for a Non-U.S. Holder to obtain the documentation necessary to support a refund claim under 
an applicable treaty.

--- Page 264 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
236 
 
The Issuer will not be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of amounts withheld 
under Section 871(m). 
Prospective purchasers of the Securities should note that if a Section 871(m) Event (as defined under 
"Valuation and Settlement Schedule—Definitions—Section 871(m) Event") occurs, an Early Redemption 
Event will occur, in which case the relevant Securities may be redeemed as more fully set out in the terms 
and conditions of such Securities. 
FIRPTA 
Section 897 of the Code, commonly referred to as "FIRPTA", applies to certain interests in entities that 
beneficially own significant amounts of United States real property interests (each, a USRPI). As 
discussed above, the Issuer will not attempt to ascertain whether any issuer of Shares, shares that underlie 
an Index, or any other equity interest to which Securities relate, should be treated as a USRPHC for 
purposes of Section 897 of the Code (including a non-corporate entity treated for relevant purposes of 
Section 897 of the Code as a USRPHC). If a relevant issuer were so treated, it is possible that, subject to 
the exceptions discussed in the following paragraph, a Security could be treated as a USRPI, in which 
case any gain from the disposition of the Security would generally be subject to U.S. federal income tax 
and would be required to be reported by the Non-U.S. Holder on a U.S. federal income tax return, 
generally in the same manner as if the Non-U.S. Holder were a U.S. Holder, and would in certain cases 
be subject to withholding in the amount of 15 per cent. of the gross proceeds of such disposition.  
An exception to the FIRPTA rules applies in respect of interests in entities that have a regularly traded 
class of interests outstanding. Under this exception, a Security that is not "regularly traded" on an 
established securities market generally should not be subject to the FIRPTA rules unless its fair market 
value upon acquisition exceeds 5 per cent. of the relevant issuer's regularly traded class of interests as 
specified in the applicable Treasury regulations. In the case of Securities that are "regularly traded", a 
holding of 5 per cent. or less of the outstanding Securities of that class or series generally should not be 
subject to the FIRPTA rules. Certain attribution and aggregation rules apply, and prospective purchasers 
are urged to consult their tax advisors regarding whether their ownership interest in the Securities will 
meet an exemption from the FIRPTA rules in light of their circumstances, including any other interest 
they might have in a relevant issuer.  
U.S. Federal Estate Tax  
An individual Non-U.S. Holder or an entity the property of which is potentially includible in such an 
individual's gross estate for U.S. federal estate tax purposes (for example, a trust funded by such an 
individual and with respect to which the individual has retained certain interests or powers) should note 
that, absent an applicable treaty exemption, a Security issued by a U.S. Issuer that is not treated as debt 
for U.S. federal estate tax purposes may be treated as U.S. situs property subject to U.S. federal estate 
tax. A Security that is treated as a debt obligation for U.S. federal estate tax purposes and that is issued 
by a U.S. Issuer generally will not be treated as U.S. situs property subject to U.S. federal estate tax if 
payments on the Security, if received by the decedent at the time of death, would not have been subject 
to U.S. federal withholding or income tax because of the exemption from withholding of "portfolio 
interest". A holder that is such an individual or entity should consult its tax advisor regarding the U.S. 
federal estate tax consequences of investing in the Securities. A Security that is issued by the Non-U.S. 
Issuer generally will not be treated as U.S.-situs property.  
Reportable Transactions  
A taxpayer that participates in a "reportable transaction" is subject to information reporting requirements 
under Section 6011 of the Code. "Reportable transactions" include, among other things, "loss 
transactions" that result in a taxpayer's claiming certain losses in excess of specified amounts and certain 
transactions identified by the IRS. In 2015, the U.S. Treasury Department and the IRS released notices 
designating certain "basket options", "basket contracts" and substantially similar transactions as 
reportable transactions. The notices apply to specified transactions in which a taxpayer or its "designee" 
has, and exercises, discretion to change the assets or an algorithm underlying the transaction.  While an 
exercise of the type of discretion that would give rise to such reporting requirements in respect of the 
Securities is not expected, if the Issuer, an index sponsor or calculation agent or other person were to 
exercise discretion under the terms of a Security or an index underlying a Security and were treated as a 
holder's "designee" for these purposes, unless an exception applied certain holders of the relevant

--- Page 265 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
237 
 
Securities would be required to report certain information to the IRS, as set forth in the applicable 
Treasury regulations, or be subject to penalties. The Issuer might also be required to report information 
regarding the transaction to the IRS. Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding these rules.  
Information Reporting and Backup Withholding  
Amounts paid on the Securities, and the proceeds of a taxable disposition of the Securities, may be subject 
to information reporting and, if a beneficial owner fails to provide certain identifying information (such 
as an accurate taxpayer identification number for a U.S. Holder) or meet certain other conditions, may 
also be subject to backup withholding at the rate specified in the Code. A Non-U.S. Holder that provides 
an appropriate IRS Form W-8 generally will establish an exemption from backup withholding. Amounts 
withheld under the backup withholding rules are not additional taxes and may be refunded or credited 
against a holder's U.S. federal income tax liability, provided the relevant information is timely furnished 
to the IRS. 
FATCA 
Legislation commonly referred to as "FATCA" generally imposes a withholding tax of 30 per cent. on 
payments to certain non-U.S. entities (including financial intermediaries) with respect to certain financial 
instruments, unless various U.S. information reporting and due diligence requirements have been 
satisfied. An intergovernmental agreement between the United States and the non-U.S. entity's 
jurisdiction may modify these requirements. Pursuant to Treasury regulations, this legislation generally 
will apply to (1) Securities that pay U.S.-source interest or other U.S.-source "fixed or determinable 
annual or periodical" (FDAP) income and (2) Securities that are subject to FATCA solely because they 
are treated as paying dividend equivalents pursuant to Section 871(m) and, in the case of non-"delta one" 
Securities (as defined in "Other U.S. Federal Tax Considerations for Non-U.S. Holders—Section 871(m) 
Withholding on Dividend Equivalents"), are issued more than six months after 1 January 2023. 
Withholding (if applicable) will apply to payments of interest, dividend equivalents and other FDAP 
income. While existing Treasury regulations would also require withholding on payments of gross 
proceeds from the taxable disposition of relevant Securities (other than any portion treated as FDAP 
income), the U.S. Treasury Department has indicated in subsequent proposed regulations its intent to 
eliminate this requirement. The U.S. Treasury Department has indicated that taxpayers may rely on these 
proposed regulations pending their finalization. If withholding applies to the Securities, the Issuer will 
not be required to pay any additional amounts with respect to amounts withheld.  Prospective purchasers 
should consult their tax advisors regarding FATCA, including the availability of certain refunds or 
credits. 
THE TAX CONSEQUENCES TO BENEFICIAL OWNERS OF OWNING AND DISPOSING OF 
SECURITIES MAY BE UNCLEAR. BENEFICIAL OWNERS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR 
TAX ADVISORS REGARDING THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF OWNING AND DISPOSING 
OF SECURITIES, INCLUDING THE TAX CONSEQUENCES UNDER STATE, LOCAL, NON-
U.S. AND OTHER TAX LAWS AND THE POSSIBLE EFFECTS OF CHANGES IN U.S. 
FEDERAL OR OTHER TAX LAWS. 
UNITED KINGDOM TAXATION  
The following applies and  is a summary of the Issuers' understanding of current United Kingdom law 
and published HM Revenue & Customs ("HMRC") practice relating only to the United Kingdom 
withholding tax treatment of payments of interest (as that term is understood for United Kingdom tax 
purposes) in respect of Securities. It does not deal with any other United Kingdom taxation implications 
of acquiring, holding or disposing of Securities. The United Kingdom tax treatment of prospective 
Securityholders depends on their individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. 
Prospective Securityholders who may be subject to tax in a jurisdiction other than the United Kingdom 
or who may be unsure as to their tax position should seek their own professional advice. 
Interest on Securities 
Payments of interest on the Securities that do not have a United Kingdom source may be made without 
deduction or withholding on account of United Kingdom income tax.  If interest paid on the Securities 
does have a United Kingdom source, then payments may be made without deduction or withholding on 
account of United Kingdom income tax in any of the following circumstances.

--- Page 266 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
238 
 
In the case of interest on Securities which is regarded as having a United Kingdom source, such payments 
of interest may be made by the Issuer without deduction of or withholding on account of United Kingdom 
income tax in the following circumstances: 
(a) 
where the Securities carry a right to interest and are and continue to be listed and admitted to 
trading on a "recognised stock exchange", within the meaning of section 1005 of the Income 
Tax Act 2007. The London Stock Exchange is a recognised stock exchange. Securities will be 
treated as listed on the London Stock Exchange if they are included in the Official List (within 
the meaning of and in accordance with the provisions of Part 6 of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000) and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange. The Frankfurt Stock 
Exchange, Euronext Dublin, the Italian Stock Exchange, the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
the Stockholm Stock Exchange have been recognised as "recognised stock exchanges". The 
Securities will satisfy this requirement if they are officially listed in Germany, Ireland, Italy, 
Luxembourg or Sweden in accordance with provisions corresponding to those generally 
applicable in EEA states and are admitted to trading on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange, Euronext 
Dublin, the Italian Stock Exchange, the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or the Stockholm Stock 
Exchange. HMRC published guidance is that Securities listed and admitted to trading on the 
following markets satisfy these requirements: the Regulierter markets of the Frankfurt Stock 
Exchange (but not the Freiverkehr markets), the main market and Global Exchange Market of 
Euronext Dublin (but not the Enterprise Securities Market), the electronic bond market and the 
electronic securitised derivatives market of the Italian Stock Exchange, the regulated market 
and the Euro MTF market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the main market (but not the 
First North market) of the Stockholm Stock Exchange forming part of NASDAQ OMX Nordic 
Exchange.  Provided, therefore, that the Securities carry a right to interest and are and remain 
so listed on a "recognised stock exchange", interest on the Securities will be payable without 
deduction of or withholding on account of United Kingdom tax;  
(b) 
where the Securities are admitted to trading on a multilateral trading facility (as defined by 
Article 4.1.22 of Directive 2014/65/EU) operated by an EEA-regulated recognised stock 
exchange. A recognised stock exchange (designated as such by HMRC) regulated in an EEA 
state will be an 'EEA-regulated recognised stock exchange'.  Some of the markets that do not 
satisfy the requirement at (a) above, may instead satisfy this requirement (b).  However HMRC 
guidance has not yet been updated and further advice may be required prior to relying on this 
exemption; or 
(c) 
where the maturity of the Securities is less than 365 days (and the Securities do not form part of 
a scheme or arrangement of borrowing intended to be capable of remaining outstanding for more 
than 364 days). 
In other cases where interest on the Securities is regarded as having a United Kingdom source, an amount 
must generally be withheld from payments of interest on the Securities on account of United Kingdom 
income tax at the basic rate (currently 20 per cent.), subject to any other available exemptions or reliefs. 
However, where an applicable double tax treaty provides for a lower rate of withholding tax (or for no 
tax to be withheld) in relation to a Securityholder, HMRC can issue a notice to the Issuer to pay interest 
to the Securityholder without deduction of tax (or for interest to be paid with tax deducted at the rate 
provided for in the relevant double tax treaty). 
The above applies to payments on the Securities which constitute "interest" for relevant United Kingdom 
tax purposes, which may not have the same meaning given to the term "interest" for any other purpose 
including under the terms and conditions of the Securities. If any payments under the Securities constitute 
annual payments which have a United Kingdom source then the exemptions referred to above may not 
apply, and so an amount may be required to be withheld from such payments, if they have a United 
Kingdom source, on account of United Kingdom income tax at the basic rate. However, where an 
applicable double tax treaty provides for a lower rate of withholding tax (or for no tax to be withheld) in 
relation to a Securityholder, HMRC can issue a notice to the Issuer to pay annual payments to the 
Securityholder without deduction of tax (or for annual payments to be paid with tax deducted at the rate 
provided for in the relevant double tax treaty).

--- Page 267 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
239 
 
LUXEMBOURG TAXATION 
The following information is of a general nature only and is based on the laws presently in force in 
Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. The 
information contained within this section is limited to Luxembourg withholding tax issues and 
prospective investors in the Securities should therefore consult their own professional advisers as to the 
effects of state, local or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for 
Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a withholding 
tax or a tax of a similar nature, or to any other concepts, refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts 
only. 
Taxation of the holders of Securities 
Withholding Tax 
(a) 
Non-resident holders of Securities 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments 
of principal, premium or interest made to non-resident holders of Securities, nor on accrued but 
unpaid interest in respect of the Securities, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable 
upon redemption or repurchase of the Securities held by non-resident holders of Securities. 
(b) 
Resident holders of Securities 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 
2005, as amended (the "Relibi Law"), there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, 
premium or interest made to Luxembourg resident holders of Securities, nor on accrued but 
unpaid interest in respect of Securities, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon 
redemption or repurchase of Securities held by Luxembourg resident holders of Securities. 
Under the Relibi Law, payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying 
agent established in Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of 
Luxembourg will be subject to a withholding tax of 20 per cent. Such withholding tax will be 
in full discharge of income tax if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of 
the management of his/her private wealth. Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will be 
assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent, if any. Accordingly, payments of interest under 
Securities coming within the scope of the Relibi Law will be subject to withholding tax at a rate 
of 20 per cent. 
AUSTRIAN TAXATION 
This section on taxation contains a brief summary of the Issuers' understanding with regard to certain 
important principles which are of significance in connection with the purchase, holding or sale of the 
Securities in Austria. This summary does not purport to exhaustively describe all possible tax aspects 
and does not deal with specific situations which may be of relevance for certain potential investors. The 
following comments are rather of a general nature and included in this Base Prospectus solely for 
information purposes. They are not intended to be, nor should they be construed to be, legal or tax advice. 
This summary is based on the currently applicable tax legislation, case law and regulations of the tax 
authorities, as well as their respective interpretation, all of which may be amended from time to time. 
Such amendments may possibly also be effected with retroactive effect and may negatively impact on 
the tax consequences described. It is recommended that potential investors in the Securities consult with 
their legal and tax advisors as to the tax consequences of the purchase, holding or sale of the Securities. 
Tax risks resulting from the Securities (in particular from a potential qualification as a foreign investment 
fund within the meaning of sec. 188 of the Austrian Investment Funds Act 2011 (Investmentfondsgesetz 
2011)) shall in any case be borne by the investor. For the purposes of the following it is assumed that the 
Securities are legally and factually offered to an indefinite number of persons in the sense of sec. 
27a(2)(2) of the Austrian Income Tax Act (Einkommensteuergesetz).

--- Page 268 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
240 
 
General remarks 
Individuals having a domicile (Wohnsitz) and/or their habitual abode (gewöhnlicher Aufenthalt), both as 
defined in sec. 26 of the Austrian Federal Fiscal Procedures Act (Bundesabgabenordnung), in Austria 
are subject to income tax (Einkommensteuer) in Austria on their worldwide income (unlimited income 
tax liability; unbeschränkte Einkommensteuerpflicht). Individuals having neither a domicile nor their 
habitual abode in Austria are subject to income tax only on income from certain Austrian sources (limited 
income tax liability; beschränkte Einkommensteuerpflicht). 
Corporations having their place of management (Ort der Geschäftsleitung) and/or their legal seat (Sitz), 
both as defined in sec. 27 of the Austrian Federal Fiscal Procedures Act, in Austria are subject to 
corporate income tax (Körperschaftsteuer) in Austria on their worldwide income (unlimited corporate 
income tax liability; unbeschränkte Körperschaftsteuerpflicht). Corporations having neither their place 
of management nor their legal seat in Austria are subject to corporate income tax only on income from 
certain Austrian sources (limited corporate income tax liability; beschränkte Körperschaftsteuerpflicht). 
Both in case of unlimited and limited (corporate) income tax liability Austria's right to tax may be 
restricted by double taxation treaties. 
Income taxation 
Pursuant to sec. 27(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, the term investment income (Einkünfte aus 
Kapitalvermögen) comprises: 
• 
income from the letting of capital (Einkünfte aus der Überlassung von Kapital) pursuant to sec. 
27(2) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, including dividends and interest the tax basis is the 
amount of the earnings received (sec. 27a(3)(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act); 
• 
income from realised increases in value (Einkünfte aus realisierten Wertsteigerungen) pursuant 
to sec. 27(3) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, including gains from the alienation, redemption 
and other realisation of assets that lead to income from the letting of capital (including zero 
coupon bonds) the tax basis amounts to the sales proceeds or the redemption amount minus the 
acquisition costs, in each case including accrued interest (sec. 27a(3)(2)(a) of the Austrian 
Income Tax Act); and 
• 
income from derivatives (Einkünfte aus Derivaten) pursuant to sec. 27(4) of the Austrian 
Income Tax Act, including cash settlements, option premiums received and income from the 
sale or other realisation of forward contracts like options, futures and swaps and other 
derivatives such as index certificates (the mere exercise of an option does not trigger tax 
liability); e.g., in the case of index certificates, the tax basis amounts to the sales proceeds or the 
redemption amount minus the acquisition costs (sec. 27a(3)(3)(c) of the Austrian Income Tax 
Act).  
Also the withdrawal of the Securities from a securities account (Depotentnahme) and circumstances 
leading to a restriction of Austria's taxation right regarding the Securities vis-à-vis other countries, e.g., 
a relocation from Austria (Wegzug), are in general deemed to constitute a sale (cf. sec. 27(6)(1) and (2) 
of the Austrian Income Tax Act). The tax basis amounts to the fair market value minus the acquisition 
costs (sec. 27a(3)(2)(b) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). 
Individuals subject to unlimited income tax liability in Austria holding the Securities as non-business 
assets are subject to income tax on all resulting investment income pursuant to sec. 27(1) of the Austrian 
Income Tax Act. Investment income from the Securities with an Austrian nexus (inländische Einkünfte 
aus Kapitalvermögen), basically meaning income paid by an Austrian paying agent (auszahlende Stelle) 
or an Austrian custodian agent (depotführende Stelle), is subject to withholding tax (Kapitalertragsteuer) 
at a flat rate of 27.5 per cent.; no additional income tax is levied over and above the amount of tax 
withheld (final taxation pursuant to sec. 97(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). Investment income from 
the Securities without an Austrian nexus must be included in the investor's income tax return and is 
subject to income tax at the flat rate of 27.5 per cent. In both cases upon application the option exists to 
tax all income subject to income tax at a flat rate pursuant to sec. 27a(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act 
at the lower progressive income tax rate (option to regular taxation pursuant to sec. 27a(5) of the Austrian 
Income Tax Act). The acquisition costs must not include ancillary acquisition costs

--- Page 269 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
241 
 
(Anschaffungsnebenkosten; sec. 27a(4)(2) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). Expenses such as bank 
charges and custody fees must not be deducted (sec. 20(2) of the Austrian Income Tax Act); this also 
applies if the option to regular taxation is exercised. Sec. 27(8) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, inter 
alia, provides for the following restrictions on the offsetting of losses: negative income from realised 
increases in value and from derivatives may be neither offset against interest from bank accounts and 
other non-securitised claims vis-à-vis credit institutions (except for cash settlements and lending fees) 
nor against income from private foundations, foreign private law foundations and other comparable legal 
estates (Privatstiftungen, ausländische Stiftungen oder sonstige Vermögensmassen, die mit einer 
Privatstiftung vergleichbar sind); income subject to income tax at a flat rate pursuant to sec. 27a(1) of 
the Austrian Income Tax Act may not be offset against income subject to the progressive income tax rate 
(this equally applies in case of an exercise of the option to regular taxation); negative investment income 
not already offset against positive investment income may not be offset against other types of income.  
The Austrian custodian agent has to effect the offsetting of losses by taking into account all of a taxpayer's 
securities accounts with the custodian agent, in line with sec. 93(6) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, and 
to issue a written confirmation to the taxpayer to this effect. 
Individuals subject to unlimited income tax liability in Austria holding the Securities as business assets 
are subject to income tax on all resulting investment income pursuant to sec. 27(1) of the Austrian Income 
Tax Act. Investment income from the Securities with an Austrian nexus is subject to withholding tax at 
a flat rate of 27.5 per cent. While withholding tax has the effect of final taxation for income from the 
letting of capital, income from realised increases in value and income from derivatives must be included 
in the investor's income tax return (nevertheless income tax at the flat rate of 27.5 per cent.). Investment 
income from the Securities without an Austrian nexus must always be included in the investor's income 
tax return and is subject to income tax at the flat rate of 27.5 per cent. In both cases upon application the 
option exists to tax all income subject to income tax at a flat rate pursuant to sec. 27a(1) of the Austrian 
Income Tax Act at the lower progressive income tax rate (option to regular taxation pursuant to sec. 
27a(5) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). The flat tax rate does not apply to income from realised increases 
in value and income from derivatives if realising these types of income constitutes a key area of the 
respective investor's business activity (sec. 27a(6) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). Expenses such as 
bank charges and custody fees must not be deducted (sec. 20(2) of the Austrian Income Tax Act); this 
also applies if the option to regular taxation is exercised. Pursuant to sec. 6(2)(c) of the Austrian Income 
Tax Act, depreciations to the lower fair market value and losses from the alienation, redemption and 
other realisation of financial assets and derivatives in the sense of sec. 27(3) and (4) of the Austrian 
Income Tax Act, which are subject to income tax at the flat rate of 27.5 per cent., are primarily to be 
offset against income from realised increases in value of such financial assets and derivatives and with 
appreciations in value of such assets within the same business unit (Wirtschaftsgüter desselben 
Betriebes); only 55 per cent. of the remaining negative difference may be offset against other types of 
income. 
Pursuant to sec. 7(2) of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act (Körperschaftsteuergesetz), corporations 
subject to unlimited corporate income tax liability in Austria are subject to corporate income tax on 
income in the sense of sec. 27(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act from the Securities at a rate of 25 per 
cent. Income in the sense of sec. 27(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act from the Securities with an 
Austrian nexus is generally subject to withholding tax at a flat rate of 27.5 per cent. However, pursuant 
to sec. 93(1a) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, the withholding agent may apply a 25 per cent. rate, if 
the debtor of the withholding tax is a corporation. Such withholding tax can be credited against the 
corporate income tax liability. Under the conditions set forth in sec. 94(5) of the Austrian Income Tax 
Act withholding tax is not levied in the first place. Losses from the alienation of the Securities can be 
offset against other income. 
Pursuant to sec. 13(3)(1) in connection with sec. 22(2) of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act, private 
foundations (Privatstiftungen) pursuant to the Austrian Private Foundations Act (Privatstiftungsgesetz) 
fulfilling the prerequisites contained in sec. 13(3) and (6) of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act and 
holding the Securities as non-business assets are subject to interim taxation at a rate of 25 per cent. on 
interest income, income from realised increases in value and income from derivatives (inter alia, if the 
latter are in the form of securities). Pursuant to the Austrian tax authorities' view, the acquisition costs 
must not include ancillary acquisition costs. Expenses such as bank charges and custody fees must not 
be deducted (sec. 12(2) of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act).  Interim tax is generally not triggered 
insofar as distributions subject to withholding tax are made to beneficiaries in the same tax period. 
Investment income from the Securities with an Austrian nexus is generally subject to withholding tax at

--- Page 270 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
242 
 
a flat rate of 27.5 per cent. However, pursuant to sec. 93(1a) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, the 
withholding agent may apply a 25 per cent. rate, if the debtor of the withholding tax is a corporation. 
Such withholding tax can be credited against the tax triggered. Under the conditions set forth in sec. 
94(12) of the Austrian Income Tax Act withholding tax is not levied. 
Individuals and corporations subject to limited (corporate) income tax liability in Austria are taxable on 
income from the Securities if they have a permanent establishment (Betriebsstätte) in Austria and the 
Securities are attributable to such permanent establishment (cf. sec. 98(1)(3) of the Austrian Income Tax 
Act, sec. 21(1)(1) of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act). In addition, individuals subject to limited 
income tax liability in Austria are also taxable on interest in the sense of sec. 27(2)(2) of the Austrian 
Income Tax Act and accrued interest (including from zero coupon bonds) in the sense of sec. 27(6)(5) of 
the Austrian Income Tax Act from the Securities if the (accrued) interest has an Austrian nexus and if 
withholding tax is levied on such (accrued) interest. This does not apply to an individual being resident 
in a state with which automatic exchange of information exists, if the individual provides a certificate of 
residence to the withholding agent. Interest with an Austrian nexus is interest the debtor of which has its 
place of management and/or its legal seat in Austria or is an Austrian branch of a non-Austrian credit 
institution; accrued interest with an Austrian nexus is accrued interest from securities issued by an 
Austrian issuer (sec. 98(1)(5)(b) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). The Issuers understand that no taxation 
applies in the case at hand. 
Pursuant to sec. 188 of the Austrian Investment Funds Act 2011, the term "foreign investment fund" 
comprises (i) undertakings for collective investment in transferable securities the member state of origin 
of which is not Austria; (ii) alternative investment funds pursuant to the Austrian Act on Alternative 
Investment Fund Managers (Alternative Investmentfonds Manager-Gesetz) the state of origin of which 
is not Austria; and (iii) secondarily, undertakings subject to a foreign jurisdiction, irrespective of the legal 
form they are organised in, the assets of which are invested according to the principle of risk-spreading 
on the basis either of a statute, of the undertaking's articles or of customary exercise, if one of the 
following conditions is fulfilled: (a) the undertaking is factually, directly or indirectly, not subject to a 
corporate income tax in its state of residence that is comparable to Austrian corporate income tax; (b) the 
profits of the undertaking are in its state of residence subject to corporate income tax that is comparable 
to Austrian corporate income tax, at a rate of less than 15 per cent.; or (c) the undertaking is subject to a 
comprehensive personal or material tax exemption in its state of residence. Certain collective investment 
vehicles investing in real estate are exempted. In case of a qualification as a foreign investment fund, the 
tax consequences would substantially differ from those described above. A special type of transparency 
principle would be applied, pursuant to which generally both distributed income as well as deemed 
income would be subject to Austrian (corporate) income tax. 
Inheritance and gift taxation 
Austria does not levy inheritance or gift tax. 
Certain gratuitous transfers of assets to private law foundations and comparable legal estates 
(privatrechtliche Stiftungen und damit vergleichbare Vermögensmassen) are subject to foundation 
transfer tax (Stiftungseingangssteuer) pursuant to the Austrian Foundation Transfer Tax Act 
(Stiftungseingangssteuergesetz) if the transferor and/or the transferee at the time of transfer have a 
domicile, their habitual abode, their legal seat and/or their place of management in Austria. Certain 
exemptions apply in cases of transfers mortis causa of financial assets within the meaning of sec. 27(3) 
and (4) of the Austrian Income Tax Act (except for participations in corporations) if income from such 
financial assets is subject to income tax at a flat rate pursuant to sec. 27a(1) of the Austrian Income Tax 
Act. The tax basis is the fair market value of the assets transferred minus any debts, calculated at the time 
of transfer. The tax rate generally is 2.5 per cent., with higher rates applying in special cases.  
In addition, there is a special notification obligation for gifts of money, receivables, shares in 
corporations, participations in partnerships, businesses, movable tangible assets and intangibles if the 
donor and/or the donee have a domicile, their habitual abode, their legal seat and/or their place of 
management in Austria. Not all gifts are covered by the notification obligation: In case of gifts to certain 
related parties, a threshold of EUR50,000 per year applies; in all other cases, a notification is obligatory 
if the value of gifts made exceeds an amount of EUR15,000 during a period of five years. Furthermore, 
gratuitous transfers to foundations falling under the Austrian Foundation Transfer Tax Act described 
above are also exempt from the notification obligation. Intentional violation of the notification obligation 
may trigger fines of up to 10 per cent. of the fair market value of the assets transferred.

--- Page 271 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
243 
 
Further, gratuitous transfers of the Securities may trigger income tax at the level of the transferor pursuant 
to sec. 27(6)(1) and (2) of the Austrian Income Tax Act (see above). 
BELGIAN TAXATION 
Set out below is a summary of certain Belgian tax consequences of acquiring, holding and selling 
Securities. This summary is not intended to be an exhaustive description of all relevant Belgian tax 
considerations and the investors should consult their professional tax advisors regarding the Belgian tax 
and other tax consequences (including the applicability and effect of tax treaties for the avoidance of 
double taxation) of acquiring, owning and disposing of Securities in their particular circumstances. The 
description of certain taxes in the Kingdom of Belgium ("Belgium") set out below is for general 
information only and does not purport to be comprehensive. In particular, it does not cover the situation 
of non-residents nor the tax treatment of securities which may be received upon repurchase or settlement 
of the Securities. 
This summary is based on current legislation, published case law and other published guidelines and 
regulations as in force at the date of this document and remains subject to any future amendments, which 
may or may not have retroactive effect. 
Any payment of interest (as defined by Belgian tax law) on the Securities made through a paying agent 
or other financial intermediary in Belgium will in principle be subject to Belgian withholding tax on the 
gross amount of the interest, currently at the rate of 30 per cent. 
For Belgian tax purposes, if interest is in a foreign currency, it is converted into euro on the date of 
payment or attribution. 
Belgian income tax 
Variable Income 
If the repurchase, redemption or exercise by the Issuer is in full or in part settled by means of a delivery 
of securities or other assets, interest includes any positive difference between the sales value of those 
assets on the date of their payment or attribution and the initial issue price of the Securities. In the event 
interest is paid in the form of delivery of listed securities, the market value of those securities will be 
deemed at least equal to the closing price on the day prior to the date of the payment or attribution based 
on information in the specialised financial press and/or via electronic data bases. If the securities are not 
listed on a Belgian or foreign market, then the taxpayer needs to determine the sales value under the 
supervision of the tax administration. 
On 25 January 2013, the Belgian tax authorities issued a circular letter on the Belgian tax treatment of 
income from structured securities characterised by an uncertain return on investment due to the variation 
of the coupons or the repayment terms at maturity, such as securities whose return is linked to the 
evolution of underlying products. According to the circular letter, the transfer of structured securities to 
a third party (other than the issuer) results in taxation as interest income of the "pro rata interest", 
calculated on an unclear formulae. In addition, any amount paid in excess of the initial issue price upon 
redemption or repayment of the structured securities is considered as interest for Belgian tax purposes. 
It is highly debatable whether the circular letter is in line with Belgian tax legislation. Furthermore, it is 
unclear whether the Belgian tax authorities will seek to apply the principles set out in the circular letter 
to the Securities. 
It is assumed that any gains realised upon redemption or repayment by the Issuer will indeed be viewed 
as interest by the Belgian tax authorities (and any such gains are therefore referred to as "interest" for the 
purposes of the following paragraphs), but that the effective taxation of the "pro rata interest" in case of 
sale to a third party (i.e. other than the Issuer) would not be possible, on the basis that it is currently 
impossible to determine the amount of the "pro rata interest". 
Repayment or redemption by the Issuer 
• 
Belgian resident individuals 
Belgian resident individuals, i.e. individuals who are subject to Belgian personal income tax 
(Personenbelasting/Impôt des personnes physiques), who are holding the Securities as a private

--- Page 272 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
244 
 
investment are subject to the following tax treatment with respect to the Securities in Belgium. 
Other rules may be applicable in special situations, in particular when Belgian resident 
individuals acquire the Securities for professional purposes or when their transactions with 
respect to the Securities fall outside the scope of the normal management of their own private 
estate or are speculative in nature. 
Payments of interest on the Securities made through a paying agent or other financial 
intermediary in Belgium will in principle be subject to a 30 per cent. withholding tax in Belgium 
(calculated on the interest received after deduction of any non-Belgian withholding taxes). The 
Belgian withholding tax constitutes in principle the final income tax for Belgian resident 
individuals. This means that they do not have to declare the interest obtained on the Securities 
in their personal income tax return, provided Belgian withholding tax was effectively levied on 
these interest payments. 
Nevertheless, Belgian resident individuals may elect to declare interest on the Securities in their 
personal income tax return. Also, if the interest is paid outside Belgium without the intervention 
of a Belgian paying agent or other financial intermediary, the interest received (after deduction 
of any non-Belgian withholding tax) must be declared in the personal income tax return. Interest 
income which is declared this way will in principle be taxed at a flat rate of 30 per cent. (or at 
the relevant progressive personal income tax rate(s), taking into account the taxpayer's other 
declared income, whichever is more beneficial) and no local surcharges will be due. The Belgian 
withholding tax levied may be credited against the personal income tax liability and any excess 
will be refundable. 
• 
Belgian resident companies  
Belgian resident companies, i.e. companies that are subject to Belgian corporate income tax 
(Vennootschapsbelasting/Impôt des sociétés), are subject to the following tax treatment with 
respect to the Securities in Belgium. 
Interest received by Belgian resident companies on the Securities will be subject to Belgian 
corporate income tax at the ordinary corporate income tax rate of 25 per cent. as from assessment 
year 2021 (taxable periods starting on or after 1 January 2020). Small and medium-sized 
companies are taxable – subject to conditions – at a reduced corporate tax rate of 20 per cent. 
for the first EUR100,000 of taxable profits as from assessment year 2021. If the income has 
been subject to a foreign withholding tax, a foreign tax credit will be applied on the Belgian tax 
due. For interest income, the foreign tax credit is generally equal to a fraction where the 
numerator is equal to the foreign tax and the denominator is equal to 100 minus the rate of the 
foreign tax, up to a maximum of 15/85 of the net amount received (subject to some further 
limitations). Capital losses are in principle tax deductible.  
Interest payments on the Securities made through a paying agent or other financial intermediary 
in Belgium are in principle subject to a 30 per cent. withholding tax, but can be exempt from 
Belgian withholding tax, PROVIDED THAT certain formalities are complied with (articles 108 
and 117, §12, of the Royal Decree of 27 August 1993 implementing the Belgian Income Tax 
Code of 1992). For zero or capitalisation bonds, an exemption will only apply if the Belgian 
company and the Issuer are associated companies within the meaning of article 105, 6° of the 
Royal Decree of 27 August 1993 implementing the Belgian Income Tax Code of 1992. The 
withholding tax that has been levied is creditable in accordance with the applicable legal 
provisions and any excess will be refundable. 
• 
Belgian non-profit legal entities 
Belgian non-profit legal entities, i.e. legal entities that are subject to Belgian tax on legal entities 
(Rechtspersonenbelasting/Impôt des personnes morales), are subject to the following tax 
treatment with respect to the Securities in Belgium. 
Payments of interest on the Securities made through a paying agent or other financial 
intermediary in Belgium will in principle be subject to a 30 per cent. withholding tax in Belgium 
and no further tax on legal entities will be due on the interest.

--- Page 273 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
245 
 
However, if the interest is paid outside Belgium without the intervention of a Belgian paying 
agent or other financial intermediary and without the deduction of Belgian withholding tax, the 
Belgian non-profit legal entity itself is responsible for the payment of the 30 per cent. 
withholding tax.  
Sale to a third party  
No Belgian withholding tax should apply to the Securities. 
• 
Belgian resident individuals 
Belgian resident individuals, i.e. individuals who are subject to Belgian personal income tax 
(Personenbelasting/Impôt des personnes physiques), are currently not liable to Belgian income 
tax on the capital gains (if any) realised upon disposal of the Securities to a third party, 
PROVIDED THAT the Securities have not been used for their professional activity and that the 
capital gain is realised within the framework of the normal management of their private estate 
and is not speculative in nature. Capital losses realised upon disposal of the Securities held as a 
non-professional investment are in principle not tax deductible. 
However, capital gains on the Securities may be subject to a 33 per cent. Belgian income tax 
(plus local surcharges) if they are deemed to be speculative or outside the scope of the normal 
management of a private estate. Capital losses arising from such transactions are not tax 
deductible, unless they can be deducted from gains realised on such transactions. 
Capital gains realised upon transfer of Securities held for professional purposes are taxable at 
the ordinary progressive income tax rates (plus local surcharges), except for Securities held for 
more than five years, which are taxable at a separate rate of 16.5 per cent. (plus local surcharges). 
Capital losses on the Securities incurred by Belgian resident individuals holding the Securities 
for professional purposes are in principle tax deductible. 
• 
Belgian resident companies 
Belgian resident companies, i.e. companies that are subject to Belgian corporate income tax 
(Vennootschapsbelasting/Impôt des sociétés), are liable to Belgian corporate income tax on the 
capital gains (if any) realised upon disposal of the Securities to a third party, irrespective of 
whether such Securities relate to shares or other assets or indices. The current standard corporate 
income tax rate in Belgium is 25 per cent. as from assessment year 2021 (taxable periods starting 
on or after 1 January 2020). Small and medium-sized companies benefit from a 20 per cent. 
corporate tax rate on the first EUR100,000 of taxable profits as from assessment year 2021, 
subject to conditions. 
Capital losses realised upon disposal of the Securities are in principle tax deductible. 
• 
Belgian non-profit legal entities 
Belgian non-profit legal entities, i.e. legal entities that are subject to Belgian tax on legal entities 
(Rechtspersonenbelasting/Impôt des personnes morales), are currently not liable to Belgian 
income tax on capital gains (if any) realised upon disposal of the Securities to a third party. 
Capital losses realised upon disposal of the Securities are in principle not tax deductible. 
Tax on stock exchange transactions 
The sale and acquisition of the Securities on the secondary market is subject to a tax on stock exchange 
transactions (Taks op de beursverrichtingen/Taxe sur les opérations de bourse) if executed in Belgium 
through a professional intermediary established in Belgium.  
The sale and acquisition of the Securities on the secondary market is also subject to the tax on stock 
exchange transactions if the order is directly or indirectly made to a professional intermediary established 
outside Belgium by either (i) a private individual with habitual residence in Belgium or (ii) a legal entity 
for the account of its seat or establishment in Belgium (both referred to as a Belgian Investor). In such 
a scenario, the tax on stock exchange transactions is due by the Belgian Investor, unless the Belgian

--- Page 274 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
246 
 
Investor can demonstrate that the professional intermediary established outside Belgium has already paid 
the tax on stock exchange transactions, or has appointed a Belgian responsible representative which is 
qualified, according to the relevant regulations, to pay the tax on stock exchange transactions to the 
Belgian Treasury.  
The tax is generally due at a rate of 0.12 per cent. for transactions in debt instruments (bonds) and at a 
rate of 0.35 per cent. for transactions in other securities, with a maximum amount per transaction and per 
party of EUR1,300 for debt instruments (bonds) and EUR1,600 for other securities. 
However, the tax referred to above will not be payable if no professional intermediary intervenes in the 
transaction or, even if a professional intermediary intervenes in the transaction, for transactions by 
exempt persons acting for their own account, including investors who are Belgian non-residents provided 
they deliver an affidavit to the financial intermediary in Belgium confirming their non-resident status 
and certain Belgian institutional investors, as defined in Article 126/1, 2º of the Code of various duties 
and taxes. Transactions on the primary market are not subject to the tax on stock exchange transactions. 
As stated below, the European Commission has published a proposal for a Directive for a common 
financial transactions tax (the "FTT"). The proposal currently stipulates that once the FTT enters into 
force, the participating Member States (including Belgium for the time being) shall not maintain or 
introduce taxes on financial transactions other than the FTT (or VAT as provided in the Council Directive 
2006/112/EC on the common system of value added tax). For Belgium, the tax on stock exchange 
transactions (and the tax on repurchase transactions) should thus be abolished once the FTT enters into 
force. The proposal is still subject to negotiation between the participating Member States and therefore 
may be changed at any time. 
Tax on securities accounts 
The federal government announced its intention to introduce a new annual tax on securities accounts.  
The annual tax would in principle apply to all securities accounts, held by either resident or non-resident 
individuals or by resident or non-resident companies and other legal entities, with a few exceptions.  Non-
residents would only be taxable on the securities accounts held in Belgium, subject to the provisions of 
double taxation agreements. The tax base would be the average value of the taxable financial instruments 
(including also derivative instruments, but not registered shares) held in the securities account.  The 
annual tax would only be due, where such average value over the reference period exceeds 
EUR1,000,000 per securities account. The tax rate would be 0.15 per cent. of the average value. The law 
would contain a general anti-abuse provision covering certain situations as from 30 October 2020 in 
which a rebuttable presumption of tax avoidance would apply, save evidence to the contrary by the 
taxpayer. The specific details and the date of entry into force of this new tax are, however, not yet publicly 
available. 
REPUBLIC OF CYPRUS 
The following is a general summary of certain tax aspects of the Securities under Cypriot law practice 
in force and applied as at the date of this Base Prospectus and does not purport to be a comprehensive 
description of all tax aspects relating to Securities. This summary does not analyse the tax position of 
the Issuer and it does not constitute, nor should it be construed as, tax or legal advice. Prospective 
investors should consult their tax and other professional advisers as to the specific tax consequences of 
acquiring, holding and disposing of Securities and of receiving interest on any Securities.  
Introduction 
In accordance with the provisions of the Income Tax Law, Law 118(I)/2002 (as amended) (the "Income 
Tax Law") a person (natural or legal) is liable to tax on its worldwide income on the basis of residency.  
A person is deemed resident in Cyprus for the purposes of the Income Tax Law where, in the case of a 
natural person, that person is present in Cyprus for a period (or periods in aggregate) exceeding 183 days 
in the tax year and, in the case of a company, its management and control is exercised in Cyprus. The tax 
year for the purposes of the Income Tax Law coincides with the calendar year.  
Non-Cyprus tax residents are taxed on income derived from sources in Cyprus or from a business activity 
which is carried out through a permanent establishment in Cyprus. A company is regarded as having a

--- Page 275 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
247 
 
"permanent establishment" in Cyprus, if it has a fixed base of business through which the business is 
carried out fully or partially, including a management base, a branch or an office. 
Interest Income 
Non-Cyprus Tax Residents 
Persons (natural and legal) who are not resident for tax purposes pursuant to the provisions of the Income 
Tax Law will not be liable for any income tax or for the special contribution defence tax (as described 
below). Payments of interest made by the Issuer to such persons will not be subject to any Cyprus 
withholding taxes.  
Cyprus tax resident individuals 
Interest income received by or credited to a Cyprus tax resident individual is subject to special defence 
contribution levy at the rate of 30 per cent. pursuant to the provisions of the Special Defence Contribution 
Law, Law 117(I)/2002 (as amended) (the "SCDF Law"). Interest received or credited by a Cyprus tax 
resident individual, considered to arise in the ordinary course of the individual's business or considered 
closely connected thereto shall be treated as personal income and subject to income tax pursuant to the 
Income Tax Law.  
Cyprus tax resident companies that pay interest in respect of which special contribution defence tax is 
due to Cyprus tax resident individuals are obliged to withhold the special contribution defence tax at 
source and remit the tax to the Cypriot tax authorities.  
Cyprus tax resident companies 
Any interest accruing or received by a Cyprus resident company which is considered to arise in the 
ordinary course of the business or is considered closely connected thereto shall be subject only to 
(corporate) income tax at the rate of 12.50 per cent. Such income will not be liable to any tax under the 
SCDF Law. 
Interest income not arising in the ordinary course of business or being considered closely connected 
thereto shall be exempt from (corporate) income tax and shall be subject to tax under the SCDF Law at 
the rate of 30 per cent. 
Profit from the Disposal of the Securities  
Provided that the Securities would fall under the definitions of securities (as this was provided by the 
Cypriot tax authorities and as stated in the paragraph below) any gains derived from the disposal of 
Securities by a Cyprus resident individual or company are exempt from income tax in Cyprus.  
Any gains from the disposal of securities (as this was provided by the Cypriot tax authorities and as 
stated in the paragraph below) are not subject to Cyprus income tax, irrespective of the trading nature of 
the gain, the number of the securities held or the period for which the said securities were held. Any gain 
is also outside the scope of application of the Capital Gains Tax Law 1980-2002 (as amended). 
The Cyprus tax authorities have issued a circular interpreting the term "securities" as "shares, bonds, 
debentures, founders' shares and other securities of companies or other legal persons, incorporated in 
Cyprus or abroad and options thereof". Moreover it was further clarified that this term also includes 
options on the aforementioned securities, short positions on the aforementioned securities, 
futures/forwards on the aforementioned securities, swaps on aforementioned securities, depositary 
receipts on the aforementioned securities (ADRs, GDRs), rights of claim on bonds and debentures (rights 
on interest of these instruments are not included), index participations only if they result on the 
aforementioned securities, repurchase agreements or repos on the aforementioned securities, units in 
open-end or close-end collective investment schemes. Promissory notes or similar instruments would not 
fall under the definition of securities. 
It is not clear if the Securities would fall under the definition of the terms securities as explained above 
or if these would be considered as promissory notes or similar instruments and for this reason each 
Security would need to be assessed on its terms of issuance, redemption terms etc.

--- Page 276 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
248 
 
Where the Securities do not fall within the definition of securities (as this was provided by the Cypriot 
tax authorities), then any gains derived from the disposal of Securities by a Cyprus resident individual 
or company would be subject to corporate tax or personal income tax.  
Interest income would be however subject to the treatment set out in paragraph "Interest Income" above 
both in the case where the Securities fall within the definition of securities (as this was provided by the 
Cypriot tax authorities) and where they do not 
Stamp Duty 
Following the enactment of the Stamp Duty (Amendment) (No. 2) Law 2002, section 4 of the Stamp 
Duty Law, Law 19/1963 as amended provides that: 
"(1) every instrument specified in the First Schedule shall be chargeable with duty of the amount 
specified in the said Schedule as the proper duty therefore respectively if it relates to any asset situated 
in the Republic or to matter or things which shall be performed or done in the Republic irrespective of 
the place where the document is made." 
In accordance with the principles of rulings of the Commissioner of Stamp Duty as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus, an issue of Securities by the Issuer will not be liable to stamp duty where the proceeds 
of the issue will remain outside Cyprus, will be utilised for purposes outside Cyprus and the obligation 
under such Securities will be repaid outside Cyprus. 
Transfers of Securities effected outside of Cyprus between non-residents of Cyprus do not attract stamp 
duty in Cyprus, PROVIDED THAT the transferor and the transferee are not residents of Cyprus. 
FINNISH TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain Finnish tax considerations relating to Securities. They 
relate only to payments by the relevant Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI) or 
the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) to beneficial owners of the Securities and may not 
apply to certain classes of persons such as Dealers. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all 
tax considerations relating to the Securities, whether in Finland or elsewhere. Especially, it should be 
noted that there is no special tax legislation and only limited case law regarding certificates in Finland. 
Prospective purchasers of Securities should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries' tax 
laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Securities and receiving payments of 
interest, principal and/or other amounts under the Securities and the consequences of such actions under 
the tax laws of those countries. This summary is based upon the law as in effect and applied in Finland 
on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such 
date, including changes with retroactive effect. 
For the purpose of the Finnish tax consequences described in this Base Prospectus, it is assumed that 
each of the relevant Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI) and the CGMFL 
Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) is neither a resident nor deemed to be a resident of Finland for 
Finnish tax purposes. 
General 
Finnish residents and non-residents are treated differently for tax purposes in Finland. Finnish residents 
are subject to taxation in Finland on their worldwide income. Non-residents who are not generally liable 
for tax in Finland are subject to taxation in Finland solely in respect of their Finnish source income. 
Generally, an individual is deemed to be Finnish resident if such an individual continuously resides in 
Finland for more than six months or if the permanent home and dwelling of such an individual is in 
Finland. A citizen of Finland who has moved abroad is regarded as a resident of Finland for Finnish tax 
purposes until three years has passed after the end of the year of emigration, even though the individual 
does not reside in Finland over six months or the permanent home and dwelling are not located in Finland, 
if such an individual cannot prove that he/she has not had any essential relationship to Finland in the tax 
year in question. Entities established under the laws of Finland are regarded as residents of Finland in

--- Page 277 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
249 
 
accordance with domestic tax law.8 Double tax treaties may restrict the authority of the Finnish state to 
tax foreign source income of an individual or entity deemed as resident of Finland pursuant to Finnish 
domestic tax law. 
Income Tax 
Resident individuals and estates 
Interest and any similar income (e.g. interest compensation (in Finnish "jälkimarkkinahyvitys") and index 
compensation (in Finnish "indeksihyvitys"), received as well as any gain arising from the transfer or 
exercise of the Securities is likely taxed as capital income, subject to capital income tax, of an individual 
and estate resident in Finland for tax purposes, unless the Security is considered to belong to the business 
activity of an individual or an estate.  
Payments under the Securities considered to belong to the business activity of an individual or an estate 
for Finnish tax purposes are included in the total business income of such individual or estate. The 
business income will be divided according to the Finnish Income Tax Act to be taxed as capital income 
(see below) and earned income at a progressive tax rate. 
If the Securities are regarded as certificates for Finnish tax purposes, any gain arising from the transfer, 
exercise or redemption of the Securities should, based on current Finnish court and taxation practice, 
generally be considered a capital gain (as opposed to interest or compensation comparable to interest), 
at least where the Security is listed. 
Further, according to a decision of the Supreme Administrative Court (KHO:2013:117), unlisted 
warrants, subject to trading only in a system upheld by a financial institution, were considered marketable 
securities for tax purposes where the warrants were freely issued and transferable and qualified for listing 
as such. Losses accrued were considered deductible in the taxation of the holder of the warrants. 
Although the case concerned warrants rather than certificates the interpretation should be similar in 
respect of certificates. Consequently, losses realised on the transfer, exercise or redemption of the 
Securities, especially where listed, should be treated as a capital loss in taxation. 
Capital income is taxed at a rate of 30 per cent (to the extent the annual capital income of a Finnish 
private person exceeds EUR 30,000 the tax rate is 34 per cent) in accordance with the Finnish Income 
Tax Act. Taxable capital gains or losses are the difference between the sales price or the amount received 
in connection with the exercise and the aggregate of the acquisition cost of the securities and related 
expenses. Individuals and estates may elect to apply a so called presumptive acquisition cost instead of 
the actual acquisition cost. The presumptive acquisition cost is generally 20 per cent of the sales price or 
the amount received in connection with the exercise, but is 40 per cent of the sales price or the amount 
received in connection with the exercise for securities that have been held for at least ten years. If the 
presumptive acquisition cost is used instead of the actual acquisition cost, the related expenses are 
included in the presumptive acquisition cost, and therefore, may not be deducted in addition to the 
presumptive acquisition cost. However, capital gains are not regarded as taxable income if the total 
amount of the sales prices (or the amounts received in connection with the exercise) of assets sold does 
not exceed EUR 1,000 in a calendar year. 
Capital losses arising from the sale of securities, which are not considered to belong to the business 
activity of an individual or an estate, are deductible from all capital income arising in the same year and 
the following five years. Capital losses are not tax-deductible if the acquisition costs of the assets sold 
do not exceed EUR 1,000 in a calendar year. 
Resident corporates 
After a change in legislation effective as of 1 January 2020, income of Finnish companies is no longer 
divided between the business income source and other income source, but all income is taxable in the 
business income source. As a result of the removal of the other income source from Finnish companies, 
a new asset class named "other income" has been added to the business income source that includes 
 
8  
The Finnish Government has proposed a change in legislation regarding Finnish tax residency. Based on the proposal, foreign entities 
could also be deemed tax resident in Finland under domestic law, if their place of effective management is located in Finland. The 
proposed new legislation is intended to be applicable as of 1 January 2021, but it has not yet been approved by the Finnish parliament.

--- Page 278 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
250 
 
certain restrictions regarding tax deductibility of acquisition costs that should nevertheless generally not 
be applicable in respect of the Securities as they are not shares. 
Interest and any similar income (e.g. interest compensation, (in Finnish "jälkimarkkinahyvitys") and 
index compensation, (in Finnish "indeksihyvitys"), received as well as any gain arising from the transfer 
or exercise of the Securities are generally taxed at a flat rate of 20 per cent for a Finnish company or a 
permanent establishment of a foreign company. The acquisition cost of the sold Securities should be 
deductible for the company from all income, irrespective of what asset class the Securities are deemed 
to belong to. Companies are not allowed to use the acquisition cost presumption described above. Tax 
loss carry forwards (including capital losses) of a company (or the business activity of an individual or 
estate) are deductible from taxable income in 10 subsequent tax years following the tax year for which 
the tax loss carry forwards was confirmed. However, certain restrictions apply for utilization of old 
capital losses accrued previously in the other income source before the removal of the other income 
source as from 1 January 2020).  
Non-residents 
Holders of Securities who are not Finnish residents are not generally subject to Finnish tax on payments 
received under the Securities or gains realised in the transfer, exercise or redemption of Securities in 
Finland, provided that the Securities in question do not relate to business carried out in Finland through 
a permanent establishment. 
Withholding 
The Issuer is not under an obligation to perform any withholding or deduction for or on account of any 
income tax imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by Finland or any political subdivision or taxing 
authority thereof or therein in respect of any payments under the Securities. Further, such payments may 
be made free of any withholding when the recipient of the payment is not resident in Finland for tax 
purposes, or is a corporate resident in Finland for tax purposes. 
An agent or intermediary resident in Finland shall withhold advance income tax at the rate of 30 per cent 
from any interest, interest compensation (in Finnish "jälkimarkkinahyvitys") or index compensation, (in 
Finnish "indeksihyvitys") paid to an individual or estate residing in Finland where such payment is made 
through the agent or intermediary. However, to the extent the payments in respect of the Securities are 
classified as capital gain - which should be the case upon the transfer, redemption or exercise (i.e. the 
realisation of the net value through cash settlement) of Securities regarded as certificates (especially 
where listed), as discussed above - they are generally not subject to advance withholding of income tax. 
Transfer Tax 
No transfer tax should be due on the transfer of the Securities. 
FRENCH TAXATION 
The following is a summary of certain material French tax considerations relating to Securities issued 
to holders resident in or otherwise subject to tax in France. This information is of general nature and 
aims at addressing only the French compulsory withholding tax treatment of income arising from the 
Securities and certain transfer tax implications relevant in case of physical delivery in respect of the 
Securities. This summary is based on the laws and regulations in full force and effect in France as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, which may be subject to change in the future, potentially with retroactive 
effect. Investors should be aware that the comments below are of a general nature and do not constitute 
legal or tax advice and should not be understood as such. Prospective investors are therefore advised to 
consult their own qualified advisors so as to determine, in the light of their individual situation, the tax 
consequences of the purchase, holding, redemption or disposal of the Securities. 
Withholding tax 
The following has been prepared on the assumption that the Issuers, the CGMHI Guarantor and the 
CGMFL Guarantor are not (and will not be) French residents for French tax purposes and that the 
Securities and any transaction in connection therewith are not (and will not be) attributed or attributable 
to a French permanent establishment or other fixed place of business in France of any Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor.

--- Page 279 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
251 
 
Payments in respect of the Securities made by an Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and, the CGMFL 
Guarantor will be made free of any compulsory withholding or deduction for or on account of any taxes 
of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld, or assessed by France or any French political subdivision 
or taxing authority. 
However, if the paying agent (établissement payeur) is established in France (or if the paying agent is 
established in an EU or EEA Member State and has been appointed by the tax payer to withhold, pay 
and report the flat tax on his behalf) and subject to certain exceptions, interest and other similar revenues 
received by individuals who are fiscally domiciled in France are subject to a 30 per cent. flat tax 
composed of individual income tax at a rate of 12.8 per cent., (which is deductible from their personal 
income tax liability in respect of the year in which the payment has been made) and social contributions 
(CSG, CRDS and solidarity levy) which are also levied by way of withholding at an aggregate rate of 
17.2 per cent. 
French financial transaction tax and transfer tax 
The following may be relevant in connection with Securities which are settled, redeemed or repaid by 
way of physical delivery of French shares issued by an issuer whose registered office is located in France 
or certain assimilated securities. 
The French financial transaction tax provided under Article 235 ter ZD of the French tax code (the 
Financial Transaction Tax) is applicable, subject to certain exemptions, at a rate of 0.3 per cent. to any 
acquisitions for consideration of (i) equity securities (titres de capital) as defined by Article L.212-1 A 
of the French monetary and financial code or assimilated equity securities (titres de capital assimilés) as 
defined by Article L.211-41 of the French monetary and financial code which are listed on a regulated 
market and issued by an issuer whose registered seat is located in France and whose market capitalisation 
exceeds 1 billion Euros on 1 December of the year preceding the imposition (the French Shares) or (ii) 
securities (titres) representing French Shares, irrespective of the location of the registered office of the 
issuer of such securities. If the Financial Transaction Tax applies to the acquisition of French Shares, this 
transaction is exempt from transfer taxes (droits de mutation à titre onéreux) provided under Article 726 
of the French tax code (the Transfer Taxes) which generally apply at a rate of 0.1 per cent. to the sale 
of shares issued by an issuer whose registered seat is located in France, PROVIDED THAT in case of 
shares listed on a recognised stock exchange, Transfer Taxes are due only if the transfer is evidenced by 
a written deed or agreement. 
GERMAN TAXATION 
The following is a general discussion of certain German tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership 
and the sale, assignment or redemption of Securities and the receipt of interest thereon. It does not 
purport to be a comprehensive description of all tax considerations, which may be relevant to a decision 
to purchase Securities, and, in particular, does not consider any specific facts or circumstances that may 
apply to a particular purchaser. This summary is based on the laws of Germany currently in force and 
as applied on the date of this Base Prospectus, which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive or 
retrospective effect.  
As each Series or Tranche of Securities may be subject to a different tax treatment due to the specific 
terms of such Series or Tranche, the following section only provides some very generic information on 
the possible tax treatment and has to be read in conjunction with the more specific information on the 
taxation of each Series or Tranche of Securities as provided in the applicable Issue Terms. Furthermore, 
the taxation of the different types of Securities may differ from each other. The following summary only 
describes the tax treatment of Securities in general and certain particularities with respect to individual 
types of Securities. Further, the following summary does not provide for information with respect to the 
tax treatment of any underlying (e.g. shares, commodities, depositary receipts, funds) received upon a 
physical delivery under the Securities unless otherwise explicitly referred to. Where the term 
"certificates" is used in the following summary it refers – according to a German understanding of the 
term – to certain types of Securities linked to an underlying. 
Prospective purchasers of Securities are advised to consult their own tax advisors as to the tax 
consequences of the acquisition, the ownership and the sale, assignment or redemption of Securities and 
the receipt of interest thereon, including the effect of any state or local taxes, under the tax laws of 
Germany and each country of which they are residents or citizens or may otherwise be liable to tax. Only

--- Page 280 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
252 
 
these advisers will be able to take into account appropriately the details relevant to the taxation of the 
respective holders of the relevant Securities. 
Tax Residents 
Private Investors 
Interest/Capital gains 
Interest payable on Securities to persons holding such Securities as private assets ("Private Investors") 
who are tax residents of Germany (i.e., persons whose residence or habitual abode is located in Germany) 
qualifies as investment income (Einkünfte aus Kapitalvermögen) according to Sec. 20 para 1 German 
Income Tax Act (Einkommensteuergesetz) and is, in general, taxed at a separate flat tax rate of 25 per 
cent. according to Sec. 32d para. 1 German Income Tax Act (Abgeltungsteuer, in the following also 
referred to as "flat tax"), plus 5.5 per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon and, if applicable, church tax. 
Please note that there are discussions ongoing that the 25 per cent. flat tax regime for interest income 
will be abolished so that the respective income would be taxed with the personal progressive income tax 
rate of up to 45 per cent. (plus 5.5 per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon and church tax, if applicable). It 
is further intended to cancel the solidarity surcharge for certain taxpayers up to a maximum amount of 
their annual taxable income as of 2021 (see below). 
Capital gains from the sale, assignment or redemption of Securities, including the original issue discount 
and interest having accrued up to the disposition of a Security and credited separately ("Accrued 
Interest", Stückzinsen), if any, qualify – irrespective of any holding period – as investment income 
pursuant to Sec. 20 para. 2 German Income Tax Act and are also generally taxed at the flat tax rate of 25 
per cent., plus 5.5 per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon and, if applicable, church tax. If the Securities 
are assigned, redeemed, repaid or contributed into a corporation by way of a hidden contribution 
(verdeckte Einlage in eine Kapitalgesellschaft) rather than sold, as a rule, such transaction is treated like 
a sale. 
Capital gains are determined by taking the difference between the sale, assignment or redemption price 
(after the deduction of expenses directly and factually related to the sale, assignment or redemption) and 
the acquisition price of the relevant Securities. Where the relevant Securities are issued in a currency 
other than Euro the sale, assignment or redemption price and the acquisition costs have to be converted 
into Euro on the basis of the foreign exchange rates prevailing on the acquisition date and the sale, 
assignment or redemption date respectively. 
Expenses (other than such expenses directly and factually related to the sale, assignment or redemption) 
related to interest payments or capital gains under the Securities are – except for a standard lump sum 
(Sparer Pauschbetrag) of Euro 801 (Euro 1,602 for jointly assessed holders)  – in principle not 
deductible. 
According to the flat tax regime losses from the sale, assignment or redemption of Securities can only be 
set off against other investment income including capital gains. If the set-off is not possible in the 
assessment period in which the losses have been realised, such losses can be carried forward into future 
assessment periods only and can be set off against investment income including capital gains generated 
in these future assessment periods. Losses resulting from the sale of shares in a stock corporation 
(Aktien), which may be received in case of a physical delivery, can only be set off against capital gains 
from the sale of other shares in a stock corporation. The offsetting of losses incurred by a Private Investor 
is subject to several restrictions. Losses incurred with respect to the Securities can only be offset against 
investment income of the Private Investor realised in the same or the following years. According to a 
new bill (Gesetz zur Einführung einer Pflicht zur Mitteilung grenzüberschreitender Steuergestaltungen) 
losses from capital claims of private investors can now be offset against income derived from capital 
investments up to an amount of EUR 10,000.00 p.a. However, from the year 2021 onwards loss from 
Securities which qualify as derivative transactions (Termingeschäfte) may only be applied against profits 
from other derivative transactions, and only up to an amount of EUR 10,000.00 in a given year. Losses 
exceeding any of these thresholds can be carried forward. 
If an "other capital receivable" (sonstige Kapitalforderung) within the meaning of Sec. 20 para 1 no. 7 
German Income Tax Act is not repaid in cash at the maturity date but the holder of such receivable 
receives securities (Wertpapiere) instead of a repayment, Sec. 20 para 4a sentence 3 German Income Tax

--- Page 281 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
253 
 
Act construes the consideration for the acquisition of the "other capital receivable" as its sales price. At 
the same time the consideration for the acquisition of the "other capital receivable" is classified as the 
acquisition cost of the securities received i.e. no taxable capital gain would be triggered due to the 
conversion. The aforesaid also applies with respect to so-called full risk certificates 
(Vollrisikozertifikate), i.e. certain index or share basket etc. linked securities which do not provide for a 
guaranteed repayment or any capital yield, with a put offer (Andienungsrecht). 
Further particularities apply with respect to so-called full risk certificates with several payment dates. 
According to the decree of the German Federal Ministry of Finance (Bundesfinanzministerium) dated 18 
January 2016 (IV C1 – S 2252 08/10004:017) (as last amended by decree dated 19 June 2019 (IV C 1 - 
S 2252/08/10004 :027)), all payments to the investor under such full risk certificates that are made prior 
to the final maturity date shall qualify as taxable income from an "other capital receivable" pursuant to 
Sec. 20 para 1 no. 7 German Income Tax Act, unless the offering terms and conditions stipulate that such 
payments shall be redemption payments and the parties act accordingly. If there is no final redemption 
payment, the final maturity date shall not constitute a sale-like event in the meaning of Sec. 20 para. 2 
German Income Tax Act. Therefore, capital losses, if any, shall not be deductible; however, based on 
recent case law a non-payment on a security due to certain thresholds being breached or an early 
termination of a security for this reason without any further payment shall be treated like a disposal 
resulting in the acquisition costs of such security being treated as a tax-deductible loss. Although this 
decree only refers to certain types of certificates, it cannot be excluded that the German tax authorities 
may apply the above described principles to other kinds of certificates as well. However, according to 
the decrees dated 23 January 2017 (IV C 1 – S 2252/08/10004 :018) and 12 April 2018 (IV CI-5 
2252/08/10004:021) the German Federal Ministry of Finance now accepts losses in connection with the 
expiration of option rights (including options with knock out character) and respective warrants as well 
as certain derivative transactions which may also affect other financial instruments. 
Further, the German Federal Ministry of Finance in its decree dated 18 January 2016 (IV C 1 – S 
2252/08/10004:017) (as amended) has taken the position that a bad debt loss (Forderungsausfall) and a 
waiver of a receivable (Forderungsverzicht) shall, in general, not be treated as a sale, so that losses 
suffered upon such bad debt loss or waiver shall not be deductible for tax purposes. Despite conflicting 
case law of the Federal Tax Court (Bundesfinanzhof) in this regard and a new bill (see above) the 
Disbursing Agent has to follow the view of the tax authorities expressed in the administrative guidance 
when computing the tax to be withheld. It is not yet clear if and to what extent the tax authorities will 
reflect the recent developments in their interpretation of the law. In this respect, it is not clear, as well, 
whether the position of the German tax authorities may affect securities which are linked to a reference 
value in case such value decreases. Additionally, according to the decrees dated 23 January 2017 (IV C 
1 – S 2252/08/10004 :018) and 12 April 2018 (IV CI-5 2252/08/10004:021) the German Federal Ministry 
of Finance now accepts losses in connection with the expiration of option rights (including options with 
knock out character) and respective warrants as well as certain derivative transactions which may also 
affect other financial instruments. Furthermore, the German Federal Fiscal Court (BFH VIII R 13/15 of 
October 24, 2017) recently decided that a finally suffered bad debt loss (due to insolvency) is tax 
deductible; the court did not decide whether this also applies in case of debt waiver. The new ruling has 
not been officially published in the Federal Tax Gazette (Bundessteuerblatt) as this requires the 
coordination of the supreme tax authorities of the federation and the German states. As this has not taken 
place yet, the ruling should therefore not be used apart from the specific case which was decided by the 
court (regional finance office North Rhine-Westphalia, information note (income tax) no. 01/2018 dated 
23 January 2018). 
Withholding 
If Securities are held in custody with or administered by a German credit institution, financial services 
institution (including a German permanent establishment of such foreign institution), securities trading 
company or securities trading bank ("Disbursing Agent"), the flat tax at a rate of 25 per cent. (plus 5.5 
per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon and, if applicable, church tax) will be withheld by the Disbursing 
Agent on interest payments and the excess of the proceeds from the sale, assignment or redemption (after 
the deduction of expenses directly and factually related to the sale, assignment or redemption) over the 
acquisition costs for the relevant Securities (if applicable converted into Euro terms on the basis of the 
foreign exchange rates as of the acquisition date and the sale, assignment or redemption date 
respectively). Church tax is collected by way of withholding as a standard procedure unless the Private 
Investor has filed a blocking notice (Sperrvermerk) with the German Federal Central Tax Office 
(Bundeszentralamt für Steuern).

--- Page 282 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
254 
 
The Disbursing Agent will provide for the set-off of losses against investment income including capital 
gains from other securities. As regards losses from the sale of shares in a stock corporation, a set-off will 
only be effected against capital gains from the sale of other shares in a stock corporation. If, in the absence 
of sufficient investment income derived through the same Disbursing Agent, a set-off is not possible, the 
holder of Securities may – instead of having a loss carried forward into the following year – file an 
application with the Disbursing Agent until 15 December of the current fiscal year for a certification of 
losses in order to set-off such losses against investment income derived through other institutions in the 
holder's personal income tax return.  
If custody has changed since the acquisition and the acquisition data is not proved as required by Sec. 
43a para. 2 German Income Tax Act or not permitted to be proved, the flat tax rate of 25 per cent. (plus 
5.5 per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon and, if applicable, church tax) will be imposed on an amount 
equal to 30 per cent. of the proceeds from the sale, assignment or redemption of the relevant Securities.  
In the course of the tax withholding provided for by the Disbursing Agent foreign taxes may be credited 
in accordance with the German Income Tax Act. 
If Securities are not kept in a custodial account with a Disbursing Agent, the flat tax will – by way of 
withholding - apply on interest paid by a Disbursing Agent upon presentation of a coupon (whether or 
not presented with the relevant Security to which it appertains) to a holder of such coupon (other than a 
non-German bank or financial services institution) (Tafelgeschäft), if any. In this case proceeds from the 
sale, assignment or redemption of the relevant Securities will also be subject to the withholding of the 
flat tax. 
In general, no flat tax will be levied if the holder of a Security filed a withholding exemption certificate 
(Freistellungsauftrag) with the Disbursing Agent (in the maximum amount of the standard lump sum of 
Euro 801 (Euro 1,602 for jointly assessed holders)) to the extent the income does not exceed the 
maximum exemption amount shown on the withholding exemption certificate. Similarly, no flat tax will 
be deducted if the holder of a Security has submitted to the Disbursing Agent a valid certificate of non-
assessment (Nichtveranlagungsbescheinigung) issued by the competent tax office. 
For Private Investors, the withheld flat tax is, in general, definitive. Exceptions apply e.g., if and to the 
extent the actual investment income exceeds the amount which was determined as the basis for the 
withholding of the flat tax by the Disbursing Agent. In such case, the exceeding amount of investment 
income must be included in the Private Investor's income tax return and will be subject to the flat tax in 
the course of the assessment procedure. According to the decree of the German Federal Ministry of 
Finance dated 18 January 2016 (IV C 1 – S 2252/08/10004:017) (as last amended by decree dated 16 
June 2019 (IV C 1 - S 2252/08/10004 :027)), however, any exceeding amount of not more than Euro 500 
per assessment period will not be claimed on grounds of equity, PROVIDED THAT no other reasons for 
an assessment according to Sec. 32d para. 3 German Income Tax Act exist. Further, Private Investors 
may request that their total investment income, together with their other income, is subject to taxation at 
their personal, progressive income tax rate rather than the flat tax rate, if this results in a lower tax liability 
(Günstigerprüfung). According to Sec. 32d para. 2 no. 1 German Income Tax Act the flat tax rate is also 
not available in situations where an abuse of the flat tax rate is assumed (e.g. "back-to-back" financing). 
In order to prove such investment income and the withheld flat tax thereon, the investor may request 
from the Disbursing Agent a respective certificate in officially required form. 
Investment income not subject to the withholding flat tax (e.g. if there is no Disbursing Agent) must be 
included in the personal income tax return and will be subject to the flat tax rate of 25 per cent. (plus 5.5 
per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon and, if applicable, church tax), unless the investor requests the 
investment income to be subject to taxation at lower personal, progressive income tax rate or the 
investment income is not subject to the flat tax rate according to Sec. 32d para. 2 no. 1 German Income 
Tax Act. Foreign taxes on investment income may be credited in accordance with the German Income 
Tax Act. 
Application of the tax provisions of the German Investment Tax Act (Investmentsteuergesetz) 
Tax consequences different from those discussed above would arise if the respective Securities or the 
underlying securities delivered upon physical delivery were to be regarded as foreign investment fund 
units (Investmentanteile). In such case, the holder of the relevant Securities might be subject to a 
disadvantageous punitive (lump sum) taxation. According to previous understanding, index or fund

--- Page 283 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
255 
 
linked securities were, in principle, not considered to represent foreign investment fund units. Whether 
this still applies under the amended German Investment Tax Act (Investmentsteuergesetz) has not been 
finally clarified yet. However, there are good arguments that index or fund linked securities will remain 
to be exempted from the scope of application of the German Investment Tax Act. 
Business Investors 
Interest payable on Securities to persons holding the relevant Securities as business assets ("Business 
Investors") who are tax residents of Germany (i.e. Business Investors whose residence, habitual abode, 
statutory seat or place of effective management and control is located in Germany) and capital gains from 
the sale, assignment or redemption of Securities, including the original issue discount and Accrued 
Interest, if any, are subject to income tax at the Business Investor's personal, progressive income tax rate 
(plus currently 5.5 per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon and, if applicable, church tax), or, in case of 
corporate entities, to corporate income tax at a uniform 15 per cent. tax rate (plus 5.5 per cent. solidarity 
surcharge thereon). Such interest payments and capital gains may also be subject to trade tax if the 
relevant Securities form part of the property of a German trade or business. Losses from the sale, 
assignment or redemption of Securities are, in general, recognised for tax purposes; this may be different 
if certain (in particular index linked) Securities qualify as derivative transactions.  
If instead of a cash-settlement at maturity of a Security, the holder of such Security receives securities, 
such delivery would be regarded as a taxable sale of the Security and the corresponding capital gain will 
be taxable. 
Withholding tax, if any, including solidarity surcharge thereon, is credited as a prepayment against the 
Business Investor's personal, progressive or corporate income tax liability and the solidarity surcharge 
in the course of the tax assessment procedure, i.e. the withholding tax is not definitive. Any potential 
surplus will be refunded. However, in general and subject to further requirements, no withholding 
deduction will apply on capital gains from the sale, assignment or redemption of Securities if (i) such 
Securities are held by a corporation, association or estate in terms of Sec. 43 para. 2 sentence 3 no. 1 
German Income Tax Act or (ii) the proceeds from such Securities qualify as income of a domestic 
business and the investor notifies this to the Disbursing Agent by use of the required official form 
according to Sec. 43 para. 2 sentence 3 no. 2 German Income Tax Act (Erklärung zur Freistellung vom 
Kapitalertragsteuerabzug). 
Where Securities qualify as zero bonds and form part of a trade or business, each year the part of the 
difference between the issue or purchase price and the redemption amount attributable to such year must 
be taken into account as income. 
Foreign taxes may be credited in accordance with the German Income Tax Act. Alternatively, foreign 
taxes may also be deducted from the tax base for German income tax purposes. 
Non-residents 
Interest payable on Securities and capital gains, including Accrued Interest, if any, are not subject to 
German taxation, unless (i) the relevant Securities form part of the business property of a permanent 
establishment, including a permanent representative, or a fixed base maintained in Germany by the holder 
of the relevant Securities; (ii) the investment income otherwise constitutes German-source income; or 
(iii) the relevant Securities are not kept in a custodial account with a Disbursing Agent and interest or 
proceeds from the sale, assignment or redemption of the relevant Securities are paid by a Disbursing 
Agent upon presentation of a coupon to a holder of such coupon (other than a non-German bank or 
financial services institution) (Tafelgeschäft), if any. In the cases (i), (ii) and (iii) a tax regime similar to 
that explained above under "Tax Residents" applies. 
Non-residents of Germany are, as a rule, exempt from German withholding tax and the solidarity 
surcharge thereon, even if the relevant Securities are held in custody with a Disbursing Agent (cf. margin 
number 313 of the decree dated 18 January 2016 (IV C1 – S 2252 08/10004:017) (as last amended by 
decree dated 19 June 2019 (IV C 1 - S 2252/08/10004 :027))). However, where the investment income 
is subject to German taxation as set forth in the preceding paragraph and the relevant Securities are held 
in a custodial account with a Disbursing Agent or in case of a Tafelgeschäft, withholding tax is levied as 
explained above under "Tax Residents". The withholding tax may be refunded based upon German 
national tax law or an applicable tax treaty.

--- Page 284 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
256 
 
Inheritance and Gift Tax 
No inheritance or gift taxes with respect to any Security will arise under the laws of Germany if, in the 
case of inheritance tax, neither the decedent nor the beneficiary or, in the case of gift tax, neither the 
donor nor the donee, is a resident of Germany and such Security is not attributable to a trade or business 
for which a permanent establishment is maintained, or a permanent representative has been appointed, 
in Germany. Exceptions from this rule apply to certain German expatriates. 
Other Taxes 
No stamp, issue, registration or similar taxes or duties will be payable in Germany in connection with 
the issuance, delivery, execution or conversion of Securities. Currently, net assets tax (Vermögensteuer) 
is not levied in Germany. Germany and other Member States intend to introduce a financial transaction 
tax (see below). However, it is unclear if and in what form such tax will be actually introduced. In case 
such tax is introduced, the acquisition and disposal of Securities (in the secondary market) could be 
subject to a tax of at least 0.1 per cent. of the acquisition or disposal price. 
EU Residents 
The EU Council Directive 2003/48/EC on the taxation of savings income has been repealed as of 
1 January 2016 (1 January 2017 in the case of Austria) (in each case subject to transitional arrangements). 
However, the Council of the European Union has also adopted Directive 2014/107/EU (the Amending 
Cooperation Directive), amending Directive 2011/16/EU on administrative cooperation in the field of 
taxation so as to introduce an extended automatic exchange of information regime in accordance with 
the Global Standard released by the OECD Council as of 1 January 2016 (1 January 2017 in the case of 
Austria). Germany has implemented the Amending Cooperation Directive by means of a Financial 
Account Information Act (Finanzkonten-Informationsaustauschgesetz FKAustG) according to which it 
will provide information on financial accounts to EU Member States and certain other states as of 
1 January 2016. 
Solidarity surcharge 
Please note that according to a bill enacted in December 2019, the solidarity surcharge will be partially 
abolished as of the assessment period 2021 for certain individuals. The solidarity surcharge shall, 
however, continue to apply for investment income and, thus, on withholding taxes levied. In case the 
individual income tax burden for a non-business Holder of Securities tax resident in Germany is lower 
than 25% such Holder can apply for his/her investment income being assessed at his/her individual tariff-
based income tax rate in which case solidarity surcharge would be refunded (see above). 
GREEK TAXATION 
The following summary describes the principal Greek tax consequences in relation to the subscription, 
holding, redemption and disposal of the Securities by tax residents in the Hellenic Republic ("Greece") 
or investors otherwise subject to Greek taxation (due to a permanent establishment in Greece) (for the 
purposes of this summary). The discussion is not exhaustive and does not purport to deal with all the tax 
consequences applicable to all possible categories of Securityholders, some of which may be subject to 
special rules, and also does not touch upon procedural requirements such as the filing of proof of 
residence, of a tax declaration or of supporting documentation required. Further, it is not intended as 
tax advice to any particular investor nor does it purport to be a comprehensive description of all Greek 
taxation considerations thereof. 
This summary is based on the tax legislation, published case law, ministerial decisions and other 
regulatory acts of the respective Greek authorities as in force at the date of this Base Prospectus and does 
not take into account any developments or amendments thereof after that date whether or not such 
developments or amendments have retroactive effect. There are also certain tax issues which have not 
been clarified, up to this time, by the tax administration.  
Individuals are assumed not to be acting in the course of business for tax purposes. "Greek tax residents" 
includes, as regards legal persons and legal entities, the permanent establishment in Greece of a foreign 
legal person or legal entity, where the Securities are held through that permanent establishment.

--- Page 285 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
257 
 
Tax considerations are subject to the more favourable provisions of any applicable bilateral treaty for the 
avoidance of double taxation. 
Prospective purchasers of the Securities are advised to consult their own tax advisors as to the tax 
consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposal of the Securities. 
For the purposes of this section, it is assumed that none of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, the CGMHI 
Guarantor, CGMFL and the CGMFL Guarantor is a resident of Greece for Greek taxation purposes.  
Furthermore, it is noted that the Greek tax legislation does not explicitly provide for specific rules for 
the tax treatment of combined instruments in terms of Securities, the performance of which is linked to 
the performance of an underlying, financial index or basket of assets. Therefore, the discussion below is 
limited to the payment of interest under the Securities and their corresponding treatment as debt 
securities. 
Interest Payments 
(a) 
Individual Securityholders 
Payments of interest under the Securities to individual holders of the Securities are subject to 
income tax at a flat rate of 15 per cent. If payment of interest is effected through a Greek paying 
or other similar agent, a withholding tax of 15 per cent. shall apply. Such withholding tax 
exhausts the income tax liability of the respective individual recipients of such interest income.  
(b) 
Securityholders that are Legal Persons and Legal Entities  
Payments of interest under the Securities by the relevant Issuer to legal persons and legal entities 
that are Greek tax residents will be treated as part of their annual income. Income of legal 
persons and legal entities is taxed at a flat rate, which is currently 24 per cent. If payment is 
effected through a Greek paying or other similar agent, a withholding of 15 per cent. applies, 
which will be treated as an advance payment over income tax owed for that financial year. 
Capital gains realised from the disposal of the Securities 
(a) 
Individual Securityholders 
Capital gains realised from the disposal of the Securities are subject to income tax at a rate of 
15 per cent. Capital gains will equal the difference between the acquisition and the transfer price 
of a Security, plus/minus expenses directly related to the acquisition/transfer price of the 
Security. Capital gains may be set off, under certain circumstances, against capital losses from 
securities that have been incurred in the last 5 years. 
Notwithstanding the above, capital gains over bonds issued by EU, EEA and EFTA issuers are 
exempted from income tax over capital gains, as is the case with Greek corporate bonds. 
"Bonds" should be interpreted narrowly for the purposes of this exemption to include debt 
instruments representing a claim to receive back the entirety of an amount lent, which may be 
convertible to shares, may be exchangeable with other securities, may provide a right to interest 
and/or may provide a right to profits. 
In this context, the tax authority has expressed the view that the difference between the 
acquisition value on the secondary market and the payment of principal received upon expiry 
of a corporate bond does not constitute capital gains. In this case "bonds" should again be 
interpreted narrowly, as above. 
It would be reasonable to assume that payments under the Securities by a guarantor will be 
classified for tax purposes in the same manner as if the payment were being made by the relevant 
Issuer, although this point has not been addressed specifically in a general manner. 
(b) 
Holders of the Securities that are Legal Persons and Legal Entities 
As a rule, all income of legal persons and legal entities is classified as income from business 
activities and taxed at a rate of 24 per cent.

--- Page 286 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
258 
 
Notwithstanding the above, as regards capital gains over bonds issued by EU, EEA and EFTA 
issuers taxation is deferred until capitalisation, as is the case with Greek corporate bonds. Upon 
capitalisation or distribution, capital gains will be taxed at the then applicable income tax rate. 
"Bonds" should be interpreted narrowly for the purposes of this exemption to include debt 
instruments representing a claim to receive back the entirety of an amount lent, which may be 
convertible to shares, may be exchangeable with other securities, may provide a right to interest 
and/or may provide a right to profits. 
Solidarity Contribution 
All income, taxable and tax exempted, of individual holders of the Securities that are Greek tax residents, 
exceeding EUR 12,000 is subject to a tax called "solidarity contribution". Solidarity contribution is 
calculated on a graduated scale between 0 per cent. and 10 per cent. over the total income of an individual. 
HUNGARIAN TAXATION 
The following is a general discussion of certain Hungarian tax consequences relating to the acquisition 
and ownership of Securities. It does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all tax 
considerations which may be relevant to a decision to purchase Securities, and, in particular, does not 
consider any specific facts or circumstances that may apply to a particular purchaser. It is based on laws 
currently in force in Hungary and applicable on the date of this Base Prospectus, but subject to change, 
possibly with retrospective effect. The acquisition of Securities by non-Hungarian holders, or the 
payment of interest under Securities may trigger additional tax payments in the country of residence of 
the relevant holder, which is not covered by this summary, but where the provisions of the treaties on the 
avoidance of double taxation should be taken into consideration. Prospective purchasers of Securities 
are advised to consult their own tax advisers as to the tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and 
disposition of Securities, including the effect of any state or local taxes, under the tax laws of Hungary 
and each country of which they are residents. 
Withholding tax (foreign resident individual holders) 
Foreign resident individual holders are subject to personal income tax in Hungary if they realise income 
that qualifies as Hungarian sourced income (i) in accordance with an applicable tax treaty; or, (ii) in the 
absence of a tax treaty, in accordance with Act CXVII of 1995 on Personal Income Tax (the "Personal 
Income Tax Act").  
If a tax treaty is applicable, then Hungary's taxation right has to be determined based on the treaty. If the 
income is taxable in Hungary – which is generally the case if the income qualifies as interest or dividend 
under the treaty – then 15 per cent. Hungarian withholding tax applies but such tax rate may be reduced 
by the treaty. In the absence of a tax treaty generally any income realized on the Securities is subject to 
15 per cent. withholding tax in Hungary. Please note, however, that the Hungarian tax rules and taxation 
practice are rather ambiguous in relation to source taxation of non-residents' capital income.  
The tax on payments of certain income types are to be withheld by the "Payor" (kifizető) (as defined 
below). 
Pursuant to Act CL of 2017 on the Rules of Taxation ("ART") a Payor means a Hungarian resident legal 
person, organisation or private entrepreneur who provides taxable income, irrespective of whether such 
payment is made directly or through an intermediary (post office, credit institution). In respect of interest, 
Payor shall mean the borrower of a loan or the issuer of a note, including the investment service provider 
or credit institution providing the interest instead of it. In respect of a dividend, "Payor" means the entity 
paying the dividend from its assets. In respect of revenues originating from a transaction concluded with 
the involvement of a licensed stockbroker, Payor shall mean such stockbroker. The Hungarian permanent 
establishment of a foreign resident entity is also considered as a Payor.  
Interest, as defined by Schedule 7 of the ART (which implements the provisions of the Savings 
Directive), realised on Securities by citizens of any other Member State is not subject to Hungarian tax 
where a paying agent based in Hungary provides data to the Hungarian state tax authority on the basis of 
Schedule 7 of the ART. 
Please note that the provisions of the applicable double tax conventions, if any, should be considered 
when assessing the Hungarian tax liabilities of a foreign resident individual holder.

--- Page 287 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
259 
 
Withholding tax (foreign resident corporate holders) 
Proceeds from Securities paid to foreign resident corporate holders who do not have a permanent 
establishment in Hungary, by resident legal entities or other persons and any capital gains realised by 
such foreign resident holders on the sale of the Securities is not subject to tax in Hungary. 
The tax liability of a foreign resident corporate holder, which has a permanent establishment in Hungary 
is limited, in general, to the income from business activities realised through its Hungarian permanent 
establishment. 
Taxation of Hungarian resident individual holders 
The tax liability of Hungarian tax resident private individuals covers the worldwide income of such 
persons.  
According to the provisions of the Personal Income Tax Act, in the case of tax resident individual holders 
of Securities, interest, dividends and the capital gains realised upon the redemption or the sale of publicly 
offered and publicly traded debt securities is subject to personal income tax at the rate of 15 per cent. 
Securities listed on a regulated market of a Member State are considered publicly offered and traded 
Securities. 
The rules of the Personal Income Tax Act may in certain circumstances impose a requirement upon the 
"Payor" (kifizető) (as defined below) to withhold tax on the certain payments to individual holders.  
Pursuant to the ART the definition of a "Payor" covers a Hungarian resident legal person, other 
organisation, or private entrepreneur that (who) provides taxable income, irrespective of whether such 
payment is made directly or through an intermediary (post office, credit institution). In respect of interest, 
Payor shall mean the borrower of a loan or the issuer of a note, including the investment service provider 
or credit institution providing the interest instead of it. In respect of a dividend, Payor means the entity 
paying the dividend from its assets. In respect of revenues originating from a transaction concluded with 
the involvement of a licensed stockbroker, Payor shall mean such stockbroker. In respect of income that 
is earned in a foreign country and taxable in Hungary, "Payor" shall mean the "paying agent" (megbízott) 
(legal person, organisation or private entrepreneur) having tax residency in Hungary, except in cases 
where the role of a financial institution is limited to performing the bank transfer or payment.  
Taxation of Hungarian resident corporate holders 
Under Act LXXXI of 1996 on Corporate Tax and Dividend Tax, Hungarian resident taxpayers have a 
full, all-inclusive tax liability. In general, resident entities are those established under the laws of Hungary 
(i.e. having a Hungarian registered seat). Foreign persons having their place of management in Hungary 
are also considered as Hungarian resident taxpayers. 
In general, interest and capital gains realised by Hungarian resident corporate holders on Securities will 
be taxable in the same way as the regular income of the relevant holders. The general corporate tax rate 
in Hungary is flat 9 per cent. 
Financial institutions, financial enterprises, insurance companies and investment enterprises may be 
subject to local business tax and innovation tax on the basis of the proceeds realised on Securities. 
IRISH TAXATION 
The following is a summary of the principal Irish withholding tax and stamp duty consequences of 
ownership of the Securities. It is based on the laws and practice of the Revenue Commissioners currently 
in force in Ireland as at the date of this Base Prospectus and may be subject to change. The statements 
in this summary are based on the understanding that Securities will be treated as debt for Irish tax 
purposes. This summary applies to Securityholders who beneficially own Securities as an investment. 
Particular rules not discussed below may apply to certain classes of taxpayers holding Securities 
including dealers in Securities and trusts. This summary does not constitute tax or legal advice and the 
comments below are of a general nature only and it does not discuss all aspects of Irish taxation that 
may be relevant to any particular holder of Securities. Prospective investors in any Securities should 
consult their professional advisers on the tax implications of the purchase, holding, redemption or sale 
of Securities and the receipt of payments thereon under any laws applicable to them.

--- Page 288 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
260 
 
Taxation of Securityholders 
(a) 
Withholding Tax 
Tax at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent.) is required to be withheld from 
payments of Irish source interest. The Issuer will not be obliged to withhold Irish income tax 
from payments of interest on any Securities so long as such payments do not constitute Irish 
source income. Interest paid on Securities should not be treated as having an Irish source unless: 
(i) 
the relevant Issuer is resident in Ireland for tax purposes; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has a branch or permanent establishment in Ireland, the assets or income of 
which is used to fund the payments on such Securities; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer is not resident in Ireland for tax purposes but the register for such Securities is 
maintained in Ireland. 
It is anticipated that (i) none of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI and CGMFL are, or will be, resident in 
Ireland for tax purposes; (ii) none of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI and CGMFL will have a branch or 
permanent establishment in Ireland; and (iii) none of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI and CGMFL will 
maintain a register of any Registered Securities in Ireland. 
(b) 
Encashment Tax 
Irish tax will be required to be withheld at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent. 
but increasing to 25 per cent. with effect from I January 2021 if the Irish Finance Bill 2019 is 
enacted unamended) on any interest, dividends or annual payments payable out of or in respect 
of the stocks, funds, shares or securities of a company not resident in Ireland, where such 
interest, dividends or annual payments are collected or realised by a bank or encashment agent 
in Ireland. Encashment tax will not apply where the holder of the Securities is not resident in 
Ireland and has made a declaration in the prescribed form to the encashment agent or bank.  
(c) 
Stamp Duty on Transfer of Securities 
As the Issuers will not be registered in Ireland, stamp duty will not arise on a document effecting 
a transfer of the Securities so long as the instrument of transfer of the Securities does not relate 
to: 
(i) 
any immovable property situated in Ireland or any right over or interest in such property; 
or 
(ii) 
any stocks or marketable securities of a company which is registered in Ireland (other 
than an "investment undertaking" or a "qualifying company" within the meanings of 
Sections 739B and 110 respectively of the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997). 
ITALIAN TAXATION 
The following is a summary of current Italian law and practice relating to the taxation of Securities. The 
statements in this Base Prospectus regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in Italy as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, which 
changes could be made on a retroactive basis. The following summary does not purport to be a 
comprehensive description of all the tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe 
for, purchase, own or dispose of Securities and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences 
applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such as dealers in securities or commodities) 
may be subject to special rules.  
This summary does not describe the tax consequences for an investor with respect to Securities that will 
be redeemed by physical delivery. Prospective Securityholders are advised to consult their own tax 
advisers concerning the overall tax consequences under Italian tax law, under the tax laws of the country 
in which they are resident for tax purposes and of any other potentially relevant jurisdiction of acquiring, 
holding and disposing of Securities and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts 
under the Securities, including in particular the effect of any state, regional or local tax laws.

--- Page 289 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
261 
 
Italian tax treatment of the Securities 
As clarified by the Italian tax authorities in resolution No. 72/E of 12 July 2010, the Italian tax 
consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposal of the Securities may be different depending on 
whether: 
(a) 
they represent a securitised debt claim, implying a static "use of capital" (impiego di capitale), 
through which the subscriber of the Securities transfers to the Issuer a certain amount of capital 
for the purpose of obtaining a remuneration on the same capital and subject to the right to obtain 
its (partial or entire) reimbursement at maturity; or 
(b) 
they represent a securitised derivative financial instrument or bundle of derivative financial 
instruments not entailing a "use of capital", through which the subscriber of the Securities 
invests indirectly in underlying financial instruments for the purpose of obtaining a profit 
deriving from the negotiation of such underlying financial instruments. 
Tax treatment of Securities classifying as bonds or debentures similar to bonds 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as subsequently amended, (the "Decree No. 239") provides 
for the applicable regime with respect to the tax treatment of interest, premium and other income 
(including the difference between the redemption amount and the issue price) from Securities falling 
within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle 
obbligazioni) issued, inter alia, by non-Italian resident issuers. 
For these purposes, debentures similar to bonds are defined as debentures implying a "use of capital" 
issued in mass that incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, at redemption or maturity, an amount 
not less than their principal amount (whether or not providing for interim payments) and that do not give 
any right to directly or indirectly participate in the management of the relevant Issuer or of the business 
in relation to which they are issued nor any type of control on such management. 
Where an Italian resident Securityholder is (i) an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to 
which the relevant Securities are connected, (ii) a non-commercial partnership pursuant to Article 5 of 
the Italian Income Consolidated Code ("TUIR") (with the exception of general partnership, limited 
partnership and similar entities), (iii) a non-commercial private or public institution, or (iv) an investor 
exempt from Italian corporate income taxation, interest, premium and other income relating to Securities, 
accrued during the relevant holding period, are subject to a withholding tax, referred to as "imposta 
sostitutiva", levied at the rate of 26 per cent., unless any of the Securityholders under (i) to (iii) above 
has opted for the application of the "risparmio gestito" regime (see "Capital Gains Tax" below). In the 
event that Securityholders described under (i) and (iii) above are engaged in an entrepreneurial activity 
to which the relevant Securities are connected, the imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant 
to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may 
be exempt from any income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on interest, premium and other 
income relating to the Securities if the Securities are included in a long-term individual savings account 
(piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable 
set forth under Italian law. 
Where an Italian resident Securityholder is a company or similar commercial entity pursuant to Article 
73 of TUIR or a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign company to which Securities are effectively 
connected and such Securities are deposited with an authorised intermediary, interest, premium and other 
income from such Securities will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the 
relevant Securityholder's income tax return and are therefore subject to general Italian corporate taxation 
("IRES") and, in certain circumstances, depending on the "status" of the Securityholder, also to the 
regional tax on productive activities ("IRAP"). 
Under the current regime provided by Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001, converted into Law 
No. 410 of 23 November 2001, Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 2010, converted into Law n. 122 of 30 
July 2010 and Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, all as amended, Italian real estate investment 
funds established pursuant to Article 37 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended

--- Page 290 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
262 
 
and supplemented (the "Real Estate Funds") are subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other 
income tax in the hands of the Real Estate Funds, provided that the Securities are deposited with an 
authorised intermediary.  
According to Article 9 of the Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, the same regime is applicable 
to Italian real estate SICAFs ("Real Estate SICAFs"). 
If the investor is resident in Italy and is an open-ended or closed-ended investment fund, a SICAF (an 
investment company with fixed share capital), other than a Real Estate SICAF, or a SICAV (an 
investment company with variable capital) established in Italy (the "Fund") and either (i) the Fund or 
(ii) its manager is subject to the supervision of a regulatory authority, and the relevant Securities are held 
by an authorised intermediary, interest, premium and other income accrued during the holding period on 
such Securities will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the management results 
of the Fund. The Fund will not be subject to taxation on such results but a withholding tax of 26 per cent., 
will apply, in certain circumstances to distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders (the 
"Collective Investment Fund Tax"). 
Where an Italian resident Securityholder is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by article 
17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) and Securities are deposited with an 
authorised intermediary, interest, premium and other income relating to such Securities and accrued 
during the holding period will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the result of 
the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to a 20 per cent. substitute tax. 
Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, interest, 
premium and other income may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if 
the Securities are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a 
lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable set forth under Italian law. 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, Società di intermediazione mobiliare 
("SIMs"), fiduciary companies, Società di gestione del risparmio ("SGRs"), stockbrokers and other 
entities identified by a decree of the Ministry of Economics and Finance (each an "Intermediary") as 
subsequently amended and integrated. 
An Intermediary to be entitled to apply the imposta sostitutiva must (i) be (a) resident in Italy or (b) a 
permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident financial intermediary or (c) an entity or a 
company not resident in Italy, acting through a system of centralised administration of securities and 
directly connected with the Department of Revenue of the Italian Ministry of Finance having appointed 
an Italian representative for the purposes of Decree No. 239; and (ii) intervene, in any way, in the 
collection of interest or in the transfer of Securities. For the purpose of the application of the imposta 
sostitutiva, a transfer of Securities includes any assignment or other act, either with or without 
consideration, which results in a change of the ownership of the relevant Securities or in a change of the 
Intermediary with which such Securities are deposited. 
Where the Securities are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is applied and 
withheld by any entity paying interest to a Securityholder. If interest, premium and other income on the 
Securities are not collected through an Intermediary or any entity paying interest and as such no imposta 
sostitutiva is levied, the Italian resident beneficial owners listed above will be required to include interest, 
premium and other income in their yearly income tax return and subject them to a final substitute tax at 
a rate of 26 per cent. 
Non-Italian Resident Securityholders 
No Italian imposta sostitutiva is applied on payments to a non-Italian resident Securityholder of interest 
or premium relating to Securities PROVIDED THAT, if Securities are held in Italy, the non-Italian 
resident Securityholder declares itself to be a non-Italian resident according to Italian tax regulations. 
Atypical securities 
Interest payments relating to Securities that are not deemed to fall within the category of bonds 
(obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) may be subject to a 
withholding tax, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. For this purpose, debentures similar to bonds are

--- Page 291 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
263 
 
debentures that incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, at redemption or maturity, an amount not 
lower than their nominal value. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant 
to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may 
be exempt from any income taxation, including the withholding tax on interest, premium and other 
income relating to the Securities that are classified as atypical securities, if the Securities are included in 
a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the 
requirements from time to time applicable set forth under Italian law. 
Such withholding tax does not apply to interest payments made to a non-Italian resident Securityholder 
and to an Italian resident Securityholder which is (i) a company or similar commercial entity (including 
the Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities), (ii) a commercial partnership (with the exception 
of general partnership, limited partnership and similar entities), or (iii) a commercial private or public 
institution. 
Payments made by a non-resident guarantor 
With respect to payments made to Italian resident Securityholders by a non-Italian resident guarantor, in 
accordance with one interpretation of Italian tax law, any such payment made by the Italian non-resident 
guarantor could be treated, in certain circumstances, as a payment made by the Issuer and would thus be 
subject to the tax regime described in the previous paragraphs of this section. 
Securities issued by CGMHI will be guaranteed by the CGMHI Guarantor pursuant to the CGMHI Deed 
of Guarantee. 
Securities issued by CGMFL will be guaranteed by the CGMFL Guarantor pursuant to the CGMFL Deed 
of Guarantee. Securities issued by Citigroup Inc. will not be guaranteed by any entity. 
Capital Gains Tax 
Any gain obtained from the sale, early redemption or redemption of Securities being treated as debt 
securities and implying a static "use of capital" (impiego di capitale), would be treated as part of the 
taxable income (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the "status" of the Securityholder, also as 
part of the net value of production for IRAP purposes) if realised by an Italian company or a similar 
commercial entity (including the Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities to which the relevant 
Securities are connected) or Italian resident individuals engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which 
the relevant Securities are connected. 
Where an Italian resident Securityholder is (i) an individual not holding Securities in connection with an 
entrepreneurial activity, (ii) a non-commercial partnership or (iii) a non-commercial private or public 
institution, any capital gain realised by such Securityholder from the sale, early redemption or redemption 
of such Securities would be subject to an imposta sostitutiva, levied at the current rate of 26 per cent. 
Under some conditions and limitations, Securityholders may set off losses with gains. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative 
Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt 
from Italian capital gain taxes, including the imposta sostitutiva, on capital gains realised upon sale or 
redemption of the Securities, if the Securities are included in a long-term individual savings account 
(piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable 
set forth under Italian law. 
In respect of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, taxpayers may opt for one of the three regimes 
described below. 
Under the "tax declaration" regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime for 
Securityholders under (i) to (iii) above, the imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, on a 
yearly cumulative basis, on all capital gains, net of any incurred capital loss, realised by the Italian 
resident individual Securityholder holding Securities not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity 
pursuant to all sales, early redemption or redemptions of the relevant Securities carried out during any

--- Page 292 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
264 
 
given tax year. These Securityholders must indicate the overall capital gains realised in any tax year, net 
of any relevant incurred capital loss, in the annual tax return and pay imposta sostitutiva on such gains 
together with any balance of income tax due for such year. Capital losses in excess of capital gains may 
be carried forward against capital gains realised in any of the four succeeding tax years.  
As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Italian resident individual Securityholders under (i) to 
(iii) above may elect to pay the imposta sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each sale, early 
redemption or redemption of the relevant Securities (the "risparmio amministrato" regime provided for 
by Article 6 of the Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 September 1997, the "Decree No. 461"). Such 
separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to (i) Securities being deposited with Italian banks, 
SIMs or certain authorised financial intermediaries; and (ii) an express valid election for the risparmio 
amministrato regime being punctually made in writing by the relevant Securityholder. The depository is 
responsible for accounting for imposta sostitutiva in respect of capital gains realised on each sale, early 
redemption or redemption of Securities (as well as in respect of capital gains realised upon the revocation 
of its mandate), net of any incurred capital loss, and is required to pay the relevant amount to the Italian 
tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, deducting a corresponding amount from the proceeds to be 
credited to the Securityholder or using funds provided by the Securityholder for this purpose. Under the 
risparmio amministrato regime, where a sale, early redemption or redemption of Securities results in a 
capital loss, such loss may be deducted from capital gains subsequently realised, within the same 
securities management, in the same tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. Under the 
risparmio amministrato regime, the Securityholder is not required to declare the capital gains in its 
annual tax return. 
Any capital gains realised or accrued by Italian Securityholders under (i) to (iii) above who have 
entrusted the management of their financial assets, including Securities, to an authorised intermediary 
and have validly opted for the so-called "risparmio gestito" regime (regime provided by Article 7 of 
Decree No. 461) will be included in the computation of the annual increase in value of the managed 
assets accrued, even if not realised, at year end, subject to a 26 per cent. substitute tax to be paid by the 
managing authorised intermediary. Under the risparmio gestito regime, any depreciation of the managed 
assets accrued at year end may be carried forward against increase in value of the managed assets accrued 
in any of the four succeeding tax years. Under the risparmio gestito regime, the Securityholder is not 
required to declare the capital gains realised in its annual tax return.  
Any capital gains realised by a Securityholder which is a Fund will be included in the result of the 
relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period. The Fund will not be subject to taxation on such 
result, but the Collective Investment Fund Tax will apply. 
Any capital gains realised by a Securityholder who is an Italian Real Estate Fund or a Real Estate SICAF 
to which the provisions of Decree 351, Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 2010, converted into Law No. 122 
of 30 July 2010 and Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, all as amended apply, will be subject 
neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax at the level of the Real Estate Fund or the Real 
Estate SICAF. 
Any capital gains realised by a Securityholder which is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime 
provided for by article 17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will be included in the 
result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to the 20 per cent. 
substitute tax. Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and 
limitations, capital gains realised upon sale or redemption of the Securities may be excluded from the 
taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if the Securities are included in a long-term savings account 
(piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable set forth  
under Italian law. 
Non-Italian resident Securityholders 
For Securities being treated as debt securities and implying a static "use of capital" (impiego di capitale), 
capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Secuirtyholders without a permanent establishment in the 
Republic of Italy to which the Securities are effectively connected from the sale or redemption of the 
Securities are not subject to Italian taxation, provided that the Securities are held outside Italy. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Secuirtyholders from the sale or redemption of Securities 
not traded on regulated markets and deposited with a bank, a SIM or certain authorised financial

--- Page 293 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
265 
 
intermediary in Italy are not subject to the imposta sostitutiva, provided that the effective beneficiary: (a) 
is resident in a country which allows for a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy as listed in the 
Italian Ministerial Decree of 4 September 1996, as amended by Ministerial Decree of 23 April 2017 and 
possibly further amended by future decrees issued pursuant to Article 11(4)(c) of Decree 239 (the White 
List); (b) is an international entity or body set up in accordance with international agreements which 
have entered into force in Italy; (c) is a central bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official 
reserves of a foreign State; or (d) is an institutional investor which is incorporated in a country which is 
included in the White List, even if it does not possess the status of a taxpayer in its own country of 
incorporation. 
In order to benefit from the tax exemption, non-resident investors who deposited the Securities with a 
bank, a SIM or certain authorised financial intermediaries in Italy must withdraw from the so-called 
risparmio amministrato regime - which provides for the application of an imposta sostitutiva separately 
on capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of the relevant Securities -  and file with the relevant 
depositary a statement in which the Securityholder declares to be eligible to benefit from the applicable 
exemption from imposta sostitutiva.  Such statement, which is not requested for international bodies or 
entities set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered into force in Italy or in 
the case of foreign central banks or entities which manage the official reserves of a foreign State, must 
comply with the requirements set forth by Ministerial Decree of 12 December 2001. 
If none of the conditions above is met, capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Secuirtyholders in 
relation to Securities not traded on regulated markets and deposited with a bank, a SIM or certain 
authorised financial intermediary in Italy are subject to the imposta sostitutiva at the current rate of 26 
per cent.  In any event, non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in 
Italy to which the Securities are connected, that may benefit from a double taxation treaty with Italy 
providing that capital gains realised upon the sale or redemption of Securities are to be taxed only in the 
country of tax residence of the recipient and comply with the relevant formalities, will not be subject to 
imposta sostitutiva in Italy on any capital gains realised upon the sale or redemption of Securities. 
Tax treatment of derivative financial instruments 
Payments in respect of Securities qualifying as securitised derivative financial instruments received by 
investors resident in Italy for tax purposes (not engaged in entrepreneurial activities to which the 
Securities are connected) as well as capital gains realised by such Italian Securityholders on any sale or 
transfer for consideration of the Securities or redemption thereof are subject to a 26 per cent. capital gain 
tax, which applies under the tax declaration regime, the risparmio amministrato tax regime or the 
risparmio gestito tax regime according to the same rules described above under the section "Capital 
Gains Tax" above.  
Payments in respect of Securities qualifying as securitised derivative financial instruments received by 
investors resident in Italy for tax purposes which carry out commercial activities are not subject to the 
26 per cent. capital gain tax, but the proceeds are included in their taxable income and subject to taxation 
in accordance with the ordinary rules. 
Any capital gains realised by a Securityholder which is a Fund will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, 
but will be included in the result of the relevant portfolio. Such result will not be taxed with the Fund, 
but subsequent distributions in favour of unitholders or shareholders may be subject to the Collective 
Investment Fund Tax. 
Any capital gains realised by a Securityholder which is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime 
provided for by Article 17 of Decree No. 252) will be included in the result of the relevant portfolio 
accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to the 20 per cent. substitute tax. Subject to certain 
conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, capital gains realised upon 
sale or redemption of the Securities may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute 
tax if the Securities are included in a long-term savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) 
that meets the requirements from time to time applicable set forth under Italian law. 
Any capital gains realised by a Real Estate Investment Fund and Real Estate SICAF will be subject, if 
the relevant conditions are met, neither to substitute tax nor to any other income tax in the hands of such 
Real Estate Investment Fund or Real Estate SICAF.

--- Page 294 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
266 
 
Non-Italian resident Securityholders 
Capital gains in respect of Securities qualifying as securitised derivative financial instruments realised 
by non-Italian  Securityholders (not holding the Securities through a permanent establishment located in 
Italy) are not subject to Italian taxation, provided that the transactions are executed on regulated markets, 
or the other conditions set out in paragraph "Capital gains tax - non-Italian Securityholders" are met. 
If none of the conditions above is met, capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Securityholders 
without a permanent establishment in the Republic of Italy to which the Securities are effectively 
connected from the sale or redemption of Securities are subject to the imposta sostitutiva at the current 
rate of 26 per cent.  In any event, non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent 
establishment in Italy to which the Securities are connected, that may benefit from a double taxation 
treaty with Italy providing that capital gains realised upon the sale or redemption of Securities are to be 
taxed only in the country of tax residence of the recipient and comply with the relevant formalities, will 
not be subject to imposta sostitutiva in Italy on any capital gains realised upon the sale or redemption of 
Securities. 
Inheritance and gift taxes 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006, converted into Law No. 286 of 24 November 2006, 
the transfers of any valuable asset (including shares, bonds or other securities) as a result of death or 
donation are taxed as follows: 
(a) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to an 
inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent. on the value of the inheritance or the gift 
exceeding, for each beneficiary, Euro 1,000,000; 
(b) 
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to the third degree, are 
subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 6 per cent. on the entire value of the 
inheritance or the gift. Transfers in favour of brothers/sisters are subject to the 6 per cent. 
inheritance and gift tax on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding, for each beneficiary, 
Euro 100,000; and 
(c) 
any other transfer is, in principle, subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8 per 
cent. on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax is levied at the rate mentioned 
in (a) to (c) above on the value exceeding, for each beneficiary, Euro1,500,000. 
The mortis causa transfers of financial instruments included in a long-term individual savings account 
(piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) – that meets the requirements from time to time 
applicable set forth under Italian law – are exempt from inheritance taxes. 
Transfer Tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to the registration tax as follows: (i) public 
deeds and notarised deeds are subject to fixed registration tax at a rate of Euro 200; (ii) private deeds are 
subject to registration tax only in case of use (caso d'uso), explicit reference (enunciazione) or voluntary 
registration. 
Stamp duty 
Pursuant to Article 19(1) of Law Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011 (the "Decree No. 201"), a 
proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to the periodic reporting communications sent by 
financial intermediaries to their clients for the Securities deposited therewith. The stamp duty applies at 
a rate of 0.2 per cent. and cannot exceed Euro14,000 for taxpayers other than individuals; this stamp duty 
is determined on the basis of the market value or - if no market value figure is available - the nominal 
value or redemption amount of the Securities held.  
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy 
on 24 May 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the regulations 
issued by the Bank of Italy on 29 July 2009, as subsequently amended, supplemented and restated) of an

--- Page 295 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
267 
 
entity that exercises in any form a banking, financial or insurance activity within the Italian territory. The 
communication is deemed to be sent to the customers at least once a year, even for instruments for which 
it is not mandatory.  
Wealth Tax on securities deposited abroad 
Pursuant to Article 19(18) of Decree No. 201, Italian resident individuals holding the Securities outside 
the Italian territory are required to pay an additional tax at a rate of 0.2 per cent ("IVAFE"). Starting 
from 2020, Law No 160 of 27 December 2019 has provided for the extension of the application scope of 
IVAFE to Italian resident non-commercial entities, simple partnerships and equivalent entities, in 
addition to Italian resident individuals. IVAFE cannot exceed Euro 14,000 per year for taxpayers other 
than individuals. 
This tax is calculated on the market value of the Securities at the end of the relevant year or, if no market 
value figure is available, the nominal value or the redemption value of such Securities held outside the 
Italian territory. Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax credit equivalent to the amount of wealth taxes 
paid in the State where the financial assets are held (up to an amount equal to the Italian wealth tax due).  
Italian Financial Transaction Tax (IFTT) 
Pursuant to Article 1(491 et seq) of Law No. 228 of 24 December 2012, a financial transaction tax (FTT) 
applies to (i) transfers of property rights in shares and other participating securities issued by Italian 
resident companies (together, the Relevant Participating Instruments); (ii) transfers of property rights 
in financial instruments representing any such Relevant Participating Instruments, whether or not such 
financial instruments are issued by Italian resident issuers (such financial instruments, together the 
Relevant Participating Instruments, the Relevant Instruments); and (iii) derivative transactions 
referencing Relevant Instruments (i.e. derivative transactions or derivative financial instruments and 
certain equity-linked securities having an underlying mainly represented by one or more of Relevant 
Instruments or whose value is mainly linked to the Relevant Instruments) including securitised 
derivatives referencing Relevant Instruments (e.g. certificates). 
With respect to derivative transactions referencing Relevant Instruments including securitised derivatives 
the FTT applies regardless of the tax residence of both the counterparties of the transactions and/or where 
the transaction is executed. The FTT is levied at a fixed amount of between Euro 0.01875 and Euro 200 
per transaction, which varies depending on the features and notional value of the securitised derivatives.  
Where a securitised derivative settled by physical settlement, the FTT is also due upon the transfer of the 
ownership rights in the underlying Relevant Instruments. A reduced FTT (one fifth of the standard rate) 
is payable in respect of transactions executed on certain qualifying regulated markets or multilateral 
trading facilities.  
The FTT due in respect of derivative transactions referencing Relevant Instruments including securitised 
derivatives is payable by both counterparties to a transaction.  However, the FTT does not apply where 
one of the parties to the transaction is the European Union, the ECB (European Central Bank), central 
banks of the EU Member States, foreign Central Banks or entities which manage the official reserves of 
a foreign State, or international bodies or entities set up in accordance with international agreements 
which have entered into force in Italy. Further specific exemptions exist including, inter alia, for (i) 
subjects who carry on market making activities; (ii) mandatory social security entities and pension funds 
set up according to Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005; and (iii) entities merely interposed 
in the execution of a transaction. 
The FTT is levied by the banks and other financial intermediaries (società fiduciarie e imprese di 
investimento abilitate all'esercizio professionale nei confronti del pubblico dei servizi e delle attività di 
investimento) (Intermediaries) that are involved, in any way, in the execution of the transaction and 
subsequently paid to the Italian Revenue. If more than one Intermediary is involved in the execution of 
the transaction, the FTT is levied by the Intermediary who receives the order of execution by the 
purchaser of the Relevant Instruments or, in the case of a derivative transaction or securitised derivative 
referencing a Relevant Instrument, by the counterparty to or purchaser of such derivative.  Intermediaries 
not resident in Italy can appoint an Italian representative for the purposes of the FTT.  If no Intermediaries 
are involved in the execution of the transaction, the relevant FTT must be paid by each relevant party to 
the transaction themselves.

--- Page 296 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
268 
 
NETHERLANDS TAXATION 
The following summary outlines the principal Netherlands tax consequences of the acquisition, holding, 
settlement, redemption and disposal of Securities, but does not purport to be a comprehensive description 
of all Netherlands tax considerations that may be relevant. For purposes of Netherlands tax law, a holder 
of Securities may include an individual or entity who does not have the legal title to the relevant 
Securities, but to whom nevertheless such Securities or the income thereof is attributed based on specific 
statutory provisions or on the basis of such individual or entity having an interest in such Securities or 
the income thereof. This summary is intended as general information only for holders of Securities who 
are residents or deemed residents of the Netherlands for Netherlands tax purposes. This summary is 
intended as general information only and each prospective investor should consult a professional tax 
adviser with respect to the tax consequences of the acquisition, holding, settlement, redemption and 
disposal of any Securities. 
This summary is based on tax legislation, published case law, treaties, regulations and published policy, 
in each case as in force as of the date of this Base Prospectus, and does not take into account any 
developments or amendments thereof after that date whether or not such developments or amendments 
have retroactive effect. 
This summary does not address the Netherlands corporate and individual income tax consequences for: 
(i) 
Investment institutions (fiscale beleggingsinstellingen); 
(ii) 
Pension funds, exempt investment institutions (vrijgestelde beleggingsinstellingen) or 
other entities that are not subject to or exempt from Netherlands corporate income tax; 
(iii) 
holders of Securities holding a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) or deemed 
substantial interest (fictief aanmerkelijk belang) in the relevant Issuer and holders of 
Securities of whom a certain related person holds a substantial interest in the relevant 
Issuer. Generally speaking, a substantial interest in the relevant Issuer arises if a person, 
alone or, where such person is an individual, together with his or her partner (statutory 
defined term), directly or indirectly, holds or is deemed to hold (a) an interest of 5 per 
cent. or more of the total issued capital of the relevant Issuer or of 5 per cent. or more of 
the issued capital of a certain class of shares of the relevant Issuer, (b) rights to acquire, 
directly or indirectly, such interest or (c) certain profit sharing rights in the relevant 
Issuer; 
(iv) 
persons to whom the Securities and the income from the Securities are attributed based 
on the separated private assets (afgezonderd particulier vermogen) provisions of the 
Netherlands Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001); 
(v) 
entities which are a resident of Aruba, Curacao or Sint Maarten that have an enterprise 
which is carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative on 
Bonaire, Sint Eustatius or Saba, and such Securities are attributable to such permanent 
establishment or permanent representative; and 
(vi) 
individuals to whom Securities or the income therefrom are attributable to employment 
activities which are taxed as employment income in the Netherlands. 
For the purpose of the Netherlands tax consequences described herein, it is assumed that the Issuers are 
neither residents of the Netherlands nor deemed to be residents of the Netherlands for Netherlands tax 
purposes nor have a permanent establishment in the Netherlands to which the Securities are attributed. 
Where this summary refers to the Netherlands, such reference is restricted to the part of the Kingdom of 
the Netherlands that is situated in Europe and the legislation applicable in that part of the Kingdom. 
Netherlands Withholding Tax 
All payments made by the Issuers under Securities may be made free of withholding or deduction for 
any taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by the Netherlands or any political 
subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein.

--- Page 297 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
269 
 
Netherlands Corporate and Individual Income Tax 
If a holder of Securities is a resident of the Netherlands or deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for 
Netherlands corporate income tax purposes and is fully subject to Netherlands corporate income tax or 
is only subject to Netherlands corporate income tax in respect of an enterprise to which the Securities are 
attributable, income derived from the Securities and gains realised upon the redemption, settlement or 
disposal of the Securities are generally taxable in the Netherlands (at up to a maximum rate of 25 per 
cent.). 
If an individual is a resident of the Netherlands or deemed to be a resident of the Netherlands for 
Netherlands individual income tax purposes, for individual income tax purposes income derived from 
the Securities and gains realised upon the redemption, settlement or disposal of the Securities are taxable 
at the progressive rates (at up to a maximum rate of 49.50 per cent.) under the Netherlands Income Tax 
Act 2001, if: 
(i) 
the individual is an entrepreneur (ondernemer) and has an enterprise to which the 
Securities are attributable or the individual has, other than as a shareholder, a co-
entitlement to the net worth of an enterprise (medegerechtigde), to which enterprise the 
Securities are attributable; or 
(ii) 
such income or gains qualify as income from miscellaneous activities (resultaat uit 
overige werkzaamheden), which includes activities with respect to the Securities that 
exceed regular, active portfolio management (normaal, actief vermogensbeheer). 
If neither condition (i) nor condition (ii) above applies, an individual that holds any Securities, must 
determine taxable income with regard to such Securities on the basis of a deemed return on savings and 
investments (sparen en beleggen), rather than on the basis of income actually received or gains actually 
realised. This deemed return on savings and investments is fixed at a percentage of the individual's yield 
basis (rendementsgrondslag) at the beginning of the calendar year (1 January), insofar as the individual's 
yield basis exceeds a certain threshold (heffingvrij vermogen). The individual's yield basis is determined 
as the fair market value of certain qualifying assets held by the individual less the fair market value of 
certain qualifying liabilities on 1 January. The fair market value of the Securities will be included as an 
asset in the individual's yield basis. The deemed return percentage to be applied to the yield basis 
increases progressively depending on the amount of the yield basis. The deemed return on income from 
savings and investments is taxed at a rate of 30 per cent.  
Netherlands Gift and Inheritance Tax 
Netherlands gift or inheritance taxes will not be levied on the occasion of the transfer of any Securities 
by way of gift by, or on the death of, a holder of such Securities, unless: 
(i) 
the holder of such Securities is, or is deemed to be, resident in the Netherlands for the 
purpose of the relevant provisions of the Netherlands gift and inheritance tax; or 
(ii) 
the transfer is construed as an inheritance or gift made by, or on behalf of, a person who, 
at the time of the gift or death, is or is deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for the 
purpose of the relevant provisions of the Netherlands gift and inheritance tax. 
Netherlands Value Added Tax 
In general, no value added tax will arise in respect of payments in consideration for the issue of Securities 
or in respect of a cash payment made under any Securities, or in respect of a transfer of any Securities. 
Other Netherlands Taxes and Duties 
No registration tax, customs duty, transfer tax, stamp duty or any other similar documentary tax or duty 
will be payable in the Netherlands by a holder in respect of or in connection with the subscription, issue, 
placement, allotment, delivery or transfer of any Securities.

--- Page 298 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
270 
 
NORWEGIAN TAXATION 
Below is a summary of certain Norwegian tax considerations related to the purchase, holding and 
disposal of the Securities. The summary regarding Norwegian taxation is based on Norwegian laws, 
rules and regulations as they exist in force as of the date of this Base Prospectus. Such laws, rules and 
regulations may be subject to changes after this date possibly on a retroactive basis. The summary does 
not address tax issues in other jurisdictions than Norway. 
The following summary is of a general nature and does not purport to be a comprehensive description 
of all the Norwegian tax considerations that may be relevant for a decision to acquire, own or dispose 
of Securities. Specific tax consequences may occur for different categories of Securityholders, e.g. if the 
Securityholder ceases to be tax resident in Norway etc. 
Norwegian tax legislation does not currently include statutory legislation relating specifically to 
Securities. Instead, the tax treatment must be derived from general tax rules and principles applicable 
to capital income and capital gains. Norwegian tax law is to a large extent based on the substance-over-
form principle. If the applicable Issue Terms includes conditions which are common to equity instruments 
and the relevant Securities, after an overall assessment, have characteristics closer to equity instruments 
rather than debt, the economic reality might overrule the formalities for income tax purposes. Thus the 
applicable Issue Terms may cause the taxation of the relevant Securities to depart from the tax treatment 
described in this summary. In the following, it is assumed that the Securities do not qualify as equity 
instruments for income tax purposes.  
The summary is solely related to holders of Securities who are resident in Norway for tax purposes 
("Norwegian Securityholders"). However, companies incorporated and resident abroad are liable to 
tax in Norway on distribution and gains from Securities in the same manner as Norwegian resident 
companies, to the extent the Securities are effectively connected to a business carried out in or managed 
from Norway. 
Due to the general nature of this summary, potential investors are advised to consult with and rely on 
their own tax advisers. 
Taxation on Distribution to the Securityholder 
Norwegian Securityholders, both physical persons and corporations, are liable to tax in Norway on 
payments in respect of interest or similar payments on Securities classified as debentures for Norwegian 
tax purposes. The tax rate is currently 22 per cent. Return on the Securities is taxed on accrual basis, i.e. 
regardless of when the return is actually paid. 
If a Security is repaid with a higher amount than the price at which it was issued (discounted bond), the 
excess amount shall be a part of the computation of the gain or loss when the Security is sold or redeemed. 
Taxation on sale and redemption of Securities 
Norwegian Securityholders, both physical persons and corporations, are taxable in Norway in respect of 
capital gains on the sale and redemption of Securities and have a corresponding right to deduct losses 
that arise from such redemption or realisation. The tax liability applies irrespective of how long the 
Securities have been owned and the number of Securities that have been redeemed or realised. 
Any capital gain or loss is computed as the difference between the amount received by the Securityholder 
on realisation and the cost price for the Securities. The cost price is equal to the price for which the 
Securityholder acquired the Securities. Costs incurred in connection with the acquisition, redemption or 
realisation of the Security may be deducted from the Norwegian Securityholder's taxable ordinary 
income in the year of redemption or realisation. 
Gains are taxable as ordinary income in the year of sale or redemption, and losses can be deducted from 
ordinary income in the year of sale or redemption. The tax rate for ordinary income is currently 22 per 
cent.

--- Page 299 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
271 
 
Norwegian Withholding tax 
The Norwegian Ministry of Finance has presented a proposal of new rules regarding withholding tax 
rules on interest payments, that will apply on interests payments from entities with full or limited tax 
liability to Norway, to recipients being a related party to the payor and being tax resident in a low-tax 
jurisdiction. The new rules are expected to come into effect from 1 July 2021. 
Norwegian withholding tax should not apply to payments in respect of interest or similar payments on 
Securities or on capital gains on sale or redemption of Securities, as the Issuer is not an entity with full 
or limited tax liability to Norway. 
Net wealth tax 
Norwegian Securityholders organised as limited liability companies and similar entities are not subject 
to net wealth taxation in Norway. 
Norwegian Securityholders that are natural persons are subject to net wealth taxation in Norway. 
Securities are included as part of the taxable base for this purpose. The value for assessment purposes 
for listed securities is the quoted value on 1 January in the year of assessment. Unlisted bonds are 
generally valued at their estimated value on 1 January in the assessment year. The maximum aggregate 
rate of net wealth tax (both state and municipality net wealth tax) is currently 0.85 per cent. 
Stamp duty 
There is no stamp duty or other charges in Norway on the purchase, redemption or realisation of 
Securities. 
Foreign taxes 
Income taxes or capital gains taxes payable by Norwegian Securityholders in other jurisdictions, or 
withholding tax payable on redemption amounts in respect of the Securities, may be deducted when 
calculating the Norwegian tax payable on the same income. The deduction is limited, however, to the 
corresponding amount of Norwegian tax applicable. The right for both Norwegian and other jurisdictions 
to tax Norwegian Securityholders directly or through the application of withholding taxes may be limited 
by an applicable tax treaty. 
Inheritance tax 
Norway does not impose inheritance tax or similar tax on inheritance or gifts. However, an heir who has 
inherited Securities will acquire the donor's tax input value of the Securities based on principles of 
continuity and will be liable to pay tax on any increase in value of the Securities at the time of the heir's 
realisation of the Securities.  
POLISH TAXATION 
General Information 
The following is a discussion of certain Polish tax considerations relevant to an investor resident in 
Poland or which is otherwise subject to Polish taxation. This statement should not be deemed to be tax 
advice. It is based on Polish tax laws and, as its interpretation refers to the position as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, it may thus be subject to change, including a change with retroactive effect. Any change 
may negatively affect the tax treatment, as described below. This description does not purport to be 
complete with respect to all tax information that may be relevant to investors due to their individual 
circumstances. Prospective purchasers of Securities are advised to consult their professional tax advisor 
regarding the tax consequences of the purchase, ownership, disposal, redemption or transfer without 
consideration of Securities. 
The reference to "interest" as well as to any other terms in the paragraphs below means "interest" or 
any other term, respectively, as understood in Polish tax law.

--- Page 300 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
272 
 
Taxation of a Polish tax resident individual 
Under Art. 3.1 of the Personal Income Tax Act dated 26 July 1991 (the "PIT Act"), natural persons, if 
residing in the Republic of Poland, are liable for tax on their total income (revenue) irrespective of the 
location of the sources of revenue (unlimited obligation to pay tax). 
Under Art. 3.1a of the PIT Act, a Polish tax resident individual is a natural person who (i) has his/her 
centre of personal or business interests located in Poland or (ii) stays in Poland for longer than 183 days 
in a year, unless any relevant tax treaty dictates otherwise. 
(a) 
Withholding Tax on Interest Income 
According to Article 30a.7 of the PIT Act, interest income, including discount, derived by a 
Polish tax resident individual does not cumulate with general income subject to the progressive 
tax rate but under Art. 30a.1.2 of the PIT Act is subject to 19 per cent. flat rate tax. 
Under Art. 30a.9 of the PIT Act, withholding tax incurred outside Poland (including countries 
which have not concluded a tax treaty with Poland), up to an amount equal to the tax paid abroad, 
but not higher than 19 per cent. tax on the interest amount, could be deducted from the Polish 
tax liability. Particular double tax treaties can provide other methods of withholding tax 
settlements. 
Under Article 41.4 of the PIT Act, the interest payer, other than an individual not acting within 
the scope of his/her business activity, should withhold the Polish 19 per cent. tax upon any 
interest payment.  
Under Art. 41.4d of the PIT Act, the entities operating securities accounts for individuals, acting 
as tax remitters, should withhold this interest income if such interest income (revenue) has been 
earned in Poland and is connected with securities registered in said accounts, and the interest 
payment to the individual (the taxpayer) is made through those entities.  
There are no regulations defining in which cases income earned (revenue) by a Polish tax 
resident should be considered income (revenue) earned in Poland. However, we can expect those 
cases to be analogous to those of non-residents. Pursuant to Art. 3.2b of the PIT Act, income 
(revenues) earned in the Republic of Poland by non-residents shall include in particular income 
(revenues) from:  
1. 
work performed in the Republic of Poland based on a service relationship, employment 
relationship, outwork system and co-operative employment relationship irrespective of 
the place where remuneration is paid; 
2. 
activity performed in person in the Republic of Poland irrespective of the place where 
remuneration is paid; 
3. 
economic activity pursued in the Republic of Poland, including through a foreign 
establishment located in the Republic of Poland; 
4. 
immovable property located in the Republic of Poland or rights to such property, 
including from its disposal in whole or in part, or from disposal of any rights to such 
property; 
5. 
securities and derivatives other than securities, admitted to public trading in the 
Republic of Poland as part of the regulated stock exchange market, including those 
obtained from the disposal of these securities or derivatives, or the exercise of rights 
resulting from them; 
6. 
the transfer of ownership of shares in a company, of all rights and obligations in a 
partnership without legal personality, or participation in an investment fund, a 
collective investment undertaking, or other legal entity or receivables being a 
consequence of holding those shares, rights and obligations or participation, if at least 
50 per cent. of the value of assets of this company, partnership, investment fund, 
collective investment undertaking or legal entity is constituted, directly or indirectly,

--- Page 301 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
273 
 
by immovable properties located in the Republic of Poland, or rights to such 
immovable properties;  
7. 
the receivables settled, including receivables put at disposal, paid out or deducted, by 
natural persons, legal persons, or organisational units without legal personality, having 
their place of residence, registered office, or management board in the Republic of 
Poland, irrespective of the place of concluding and performing the agreement; and 
8. 
 unrealised gains as referred to in the exit tax regulations. 
The above list is not exhaustive; therefore, the tax authorities may also consider that income 
(revenues) not listed above is sourced in Poland.   
Given the above, each situation should be analysed to determine whether interest earned by a 
Polish tax resident individual from the Securities is considered to be income sourced in Poland 
and whether the entity operating the securities account for the individual will withhold the tax. 
Since the Issuer is not a Polish entity, as a rule, interest from the Securities should not be 
considered as earned in the territory of Poland, unless specific situation occurs (eg the Securities 
are admitted to public trading in Poland). 
Although this is not clearly regulated in Polish tax law, according to the established practice, 
foreign entities do not act as Polish withholding tax remitters (save when such foreign entities 
operate by way of a branch that constitutes a tax establishment in Poland). Therefore, it should 
not be expected that the Issuer will collect the withholding tax. 
According to Article 45.3b and Art. 45.1 of the PIT Act, if the tax is not withheld, the individual 
is obliged to settle the tax himself/herself by 30 April of the following year. 
Separate, specific rules apply to interest income on securities held in Polish omnibus accounts 
(within the meaning of the provisions of the Act on Trading in Financial Instruments, hereinafter 
"Omnibus Accounts"). Under Art. 41.10 of the PIT Act, insofar as securities registered in 
Omnibus Accounts are concerned, the entities operating Omnibus Accounts through which the 
amounts due are paid are liable to withhold the flat-rate income tax on interest income. The tax 
is charged on the day of placing the amounts due at the disposal of the Omnibus Account holder. 
This rule also applies to remitters who are payers of corporate income tax and are subject to 
limited tax liability in Poland, to the extent they conduct their business through a foreign 
establishment and it is to that establishment's operations that the securities account is linked. 
Additionally, under Art. 30a.2a of the PIT Act, with respect to income (revenue) from interest 
transferred to taxpayers holding rights attached to securities (including the Securities referred 
to herein) registered in Omnibus Accounts whose identity has not been revealed to the tax 
remitter in accordance with the Act on Trading in Financial Instruments, a 19 per cent. flat-rate 
tax is withheld by the tax remitter (under Art. 41.10 of the PIT Act the entity operating the 
Omnibus Account) from the aggregate income (revenue) released for the benefit of all such 
taxpayers through the Omnibus Account holder. 
Under Art. 45.3c of the PIT Act, taxpayers are obliged to disclose the amount of interest 
(discount) on securities (including the Securities referred to herein) in the annual tax return if 
the Securities were registered in Omnibus Account and the taxpayer's identity was not revealed 
to the tax remitter. 
Under Art. 30a.9 of the PIT Act, withholding tax incurred outside Poland (including countries 
which have not concluded a tax treaty with Poland), up to an amount equal to the tax paid abroad, 
but not higher than 19 per cent. tax on the interest amount, could be deducted from the Polish 
tax liability. Double tax treaties can provide other methods of withholding tax settlements. 
(b) 
Income from Securities other than interest  
Income other than interest, including income from transfer of Securities against a consideration, 
derived by a Polish tax resident individual from financial instruments, such as the Securities, 
held as non-business assets, qualify as capital income according to Article 17 of the Polish 
Personal Income Tax Act. Such income does not cumulate with the general income subject to

--- Page 302 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
274 
 
the progressive tax scale but is subject to a 19 per cent. flat rate tax. Under Art. 30b.2. of the 
PIT Act the income from disposal of securities is calculated as the difference between the sum 
of revenues from a transfer of securities against a consideration and tax deductible costs, 
calculated on the basis of the relevant provisions of the PIT Act  under Art. 30b.2. of the PIT 
Act.  Based on Art. 17.2 and Art. 19.1 of the PIT Act, if the price expressed in the contract 
without a valid reason significantly deviates from the market value, the amount of income is 
determined by the tax authority or fiscal control authority in the amount of the market value. 
The taxpayer itself is obliged to settle the tax on the transfer of securities (including the 
Securities) against a consideration.  Taxpayers should prepare their annual tax return by the end 
of April of the year following the tax year in which the income was earned. 
(c) 
Securities held as business assets 
If an individual holds the Securities as a business asset, in principle, interest should not be 
subject to withholding tax. In such case, interest (discount) and other income from the Securities 
should be treated as income from business activities and should be subject to tax in the same 
way as other business income. The tax, at 19 per cent. flat rate or the 17 per cent. to 32 per cent. 
progressive tax rate depending on the choice and meeting of certain conditions, should be settled 
by the individuals themselves. 
Taxation of a Polish tax resident corporate income taxpayer  
Under Art. 3.1 of the Corporate Income Tax Act dated 15 February 1992 (the CIT Act) the entire income 
of taxpayers who have their registered office or management in Poland is subject to tax obligation in 
Poland, irrespective of where the income is earned. 
Income (revenue) from the Securities, both on account of interest/discount and other income, including 
transfer of securities against a consideration, earned by a Polish tax resident corporate income taxpayer 
whose entire income is subject to tax liability in Poland, is subject to income tax following the same 
general principles as those which apply to any other income received from business activity within the 
same source of income.  As a rule, for Polish income tax purposes, interest is recognised as revenue on 
a cash basis, ie when it is received and not when it has accrued.  Income from a transfer of securities 
against a consideration is in principle their value expressed in the price specified in the contract.  
According to Art. 14 of the CIT Act, if the price expressed in the contract, without a valid reason, 
significantly deviates from the market value, the revenue amount is determined by the tax authority in 
the amount of the market value. In the case of income from the transfer of securities against a 
consideration, tax deductible costs are generally recognized when the corresponding revenue has been 
achieved.  The taxpayer itself (without the remitter's participation) settles income tax on interest/discount 
and on the transfer of securities against a consideration, which is settled along with other income from 
the taxpayer's business activity within the same source of income. 
Regarding the proper source of revenue, in principle, the income (revenue) from the Securities, including 
their transfer against a consideration, is combined with revenues from capital gains (Art. 7b.1 of the CIT 
Act).  In the case of insurers, banks and some other entities (financial institutions), this revenue is 
included in revenues other than revenues from capital gains (Art. 7b (2) of the CIT Act). 
The appropriate tax rate is the same as the tax rate applicable to business activity, i.e. 19 per cent. for a 
regular corporate income taxpayer or 9 per cent. for small and new taxpayers. 
Although, in principle, no Polish withholding tax should apply on interest payable to Polish corporate 
income taxpayers, under specific rules applying to interest income on securities held in Omnibus 
Accounts, under Art. 26.2a of the CIT Act, for income (revenue) from interest transferred to taxpayers 
holding rights attached to securities registered in Omnibus Accounts whose identity has not been revealed 
to the tax remitter in accordance with the Act on Trading in Financial Instruments, a 20 per cent flat-rate 
tax is withheld by the tax remitter from the aggregate income (revenue) released for the benefit of all 
such taxpayers through the Omnibus Account holder.  If such tax is withheld for a Polish tax resident 
corporate income taxpayer, to receive a refund of such tax, the entity should contact its tax advisor. 
Any withholding tax incurred outside Poland (including countries which have not concluded any tax 
treaty with Poland), up to an amount equal to the tax paid abroad, but not higher than the tax calculated

--- Page 303 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
275 
 
in accordance with the applicable domestic tax rate, can be deducted from the Polish tax liability. Double 
tax treaties can provide other methods of withholding tax settlements. 
Securities held by a non-Polish tax resident (natural person or corporation) 
Under Art. 3.2a of the PIT Act, natural persons, if they do not reside in Poland, are liable to pay tax only 
on income (revenue) earned in Poland (limited obligation to pay tax).  
Under Art. 3.2 of the CIT Act, in the case of taxpayers who do not have their registered office or 
management in Poland, only the income they earn in Poland is subject to tax obligation in Poland. 
Non-Polish residents are subject to Polish income tax only with respect to their income earned in Poland. 
Under Art. 3.3 of the CIT Act, income (revenues) earned in the Republic of Poland by non-residents shall 
include in particular income (revenues) from: 
1. 
all types of activity pursued in the Republic of Poland, including through a foreign 
establishment located in the Republic of Poland; 
2. 
immovable property located in the Republic of Poland or rights to such property, including 
from its disposal in whole or in part, or from the disposal of any rights to such property; 
3. 
securities and derivatives other than securities, admitted to public trading in the Republic of 
Poland as part of the regulated stock exchange market, including those obtained from the 
disposal of these securities or derivatives, or the exercise of rights resulting from them; 
4. 
the transfer of ownership of shares in a company, of all rights and obligations in a partnership 
without legal personality, or participation in an investment fund or a collective investment 
undertaking, or other legal entity or receivables being a consequence of holding those shares, 
rights and obligations or participation, if at least 50 per cent. of the value of assets of this 
company, partnership, investment fund, collective investment undertaking or legal entity is 
constituted, directly or indirectly, by immovable properties located in the Republic of Poland, 
or rights to such immovable properties; 
5. 
the receivables settled, including receivables put at disposal, paid out or deducted, by natural 
persons, legal persons, or organisational units without legal personality, having their place of 
residence, registered office, or management board in the Republic of Poland, irrespective of 
the place of concluding or performing the agreement; and 
6. 
unrealised gains referred to in the exit tax chapter. 
Similar provisions are included in Art. 3.2b of the PIT Act. 
It should be noted that the list of incomes (revenues) gained in Poland, as provided in Art. 3.3. of the CIT 
Act and Art. 3.2b of the PIT Act is not exhaustive, therefore, other income (revenues) may also be 
considered as earned in Poland. 
Given the above, each situation should be analysed to determine whether interest earned by a Polish tax 
resident from the Securities is considered to be income sourced in Poland.  However, since the Issuer 
is not a Polish entity, income from the Securities should not be considered as earned in Poland and 
no Polish withholding tax should apply, unless specific circumstances occur, eg the Securities are 
admitted to public trading in Poland. 
If income from the Securities is considered as sourced in Poland, the following applies: 
(a) 
Special exemption for Securities meeting special conditions 
Under Art. 17.1.50c of the CIT Act, tax-free income is income earned by a CIT taxpayer subject to 
limited tax liability in Poland in respect of interest or a discount on securities: 
(i) 
having a maturity of at least one year; 
(ii) 
admitted to trading on a regulated market or introduced into an alternative trading system within 
the meaning of the Act of 29 July 2005 on Trading in Financial Instruments, in the territory of

--- Page 304 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
276 
 
Poland or in the territory of a state that is a party to a double tax convention concluded with 
Poland which regulates the taxation of income from dividends, interest and royalties; 
unless the taxpayer is an affiliate, within the meaning of the transfer pricing law, of the Issuer of such 
securities, and holds, directly or indirectly, together with other affiliates within the meaning of those 
regulations, more than 10% of the nominal value of those securities. 
Under Art. 26.1aa-1ac of the CIT Act, remitters are not obliged to withhold tax on interest or discount in 
respect of the securities meeting the above requirements, provided that the Issuer submits to the tax 
authority a declaration that it has acted with due diligence in informing affiliates, within the meaning of 
the transfer pricing provisions, about the exemption conditions applying to those affiliates. The 
declaration is made once in relation to a given issue of securities, not later than the date of the payment 
of interest or discount on the securities. 
Analogous provisions apply to personal income tax (Art. 21.1.130c and Art. 41.24-26 of the PIT Act). 
(b) 
Failure to meet the conditions for a special exemption 
In the absence of the exemption referred to above, the following rules apply. 
In the case of taxpayers subject to limited tax liability in Poland, the interest (discount) on the Securities 
earned in the Polish territory is taxed as a general rule at a flat rate of 20 per cent. in the case of corporate 
income tax payers (Art. 21.1.1 of the CIT Act) or 19 per cent. in the case of natural persons (Art. 30a.1.2 
of the PIT Act). Under Art. 26.1 of the CIT Act, interest payers, other than individuals not acting within 
the scope of their business activity, should withhold this tax and a similar provisions are provided in Art. 
41.4 of the PIT Act. 
Under Art. 26.2c.1 of the CIT Act, the entities operating securities accounts and Omnibus Accounts for 
taxpayers, acting as tax remitters, should withhold this interest income if such interest income (revenue) 
was earned in Poland and is connected with securities registered in said accounts, and the interest 
payment to the taxpayer is made through said entities.  Although it is considered that foreign entities do 
not act as Polish tax remitters, according to the discussed provision, this obligation applies to non-
residents to the extent they operate a permanent establishment in Poland and the account, on which 
securities are registered, is linked to the activity of this permanent establishment.  Similar provisions 
concerning interest payments to individuals are provided in Art. 41.4d of the PIT Act.   
The described rules of taxation may be modified by the relevant provisions of double tax treaties 
concluded by Poland, based on which a reduced tax rate or income tax exemption may apply to income 
(revenue) obtained from interest/discount (Art. 21.2 of the CIT Act, Art. 30a.2 of the PIT Act).  To 
benefit from the tax rate or income tax exemption under the tax treaty, the taxpayer should present a valid 
certificate of its tax residence.  As a rule, the tax residence certificate is considered valid for twelve 
consecutive months from its date of issue. 
Moreover, many tax treaties provide protection only for beneficial owners.  Pursuant to Art. 4a.29 of the 
CIT Act and, respectively, Art. 5a.33d of the PIT Act, beneficial owner means an entity meeting all of 
the following conditions: 
(a) 
it receives the amount due for its own benefit, which includes deciding independently about its 
purpose, and bears the economic risk associated with the loss of that receivable or part of it; 
(b) 
it is not an intermediary, representative, trustee, or another entity legally or actually obliged to 
transfer the receivable in whole or in part to another entity; and 
(c) 
it conducts real business activity in the country of its registration, if the receivables are obtained 
in connection with the conducted business activity. 
The majority of double tax treaties concluded by Poland provide for an exemption from income tax on 
capital gains, including income from the sale of securities obtained in Poland by a tax resident of a given 
country. 
Separate, specific rules apply to interest income on securities held in Omnibus Accounts.  Also, in cases 
where Polish withholding tax should not apply on interest payable to non-Polish tax residents (natural

--- Page 305 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
277 
 
persons or corporate income taxpayers), under specific rules applicable to interest income on securities 
held in Omnibus Accounts there is a risk that such tax would be withheld.  Under Art. 26.2a of the CIT 
Act, with respect to income (revenue) from interest transferred to taxpayers holding rights attached to 
securities registered in Omnibus Accounts whose identity has not been revealed to the tax remitter in 
accordance with the Act on Trading in Financial Instruments, a 20 per cent. flat-rate tax is withheld by 
the tax remitter from the aggregate income (revenue) released for the benefit of all such taxpayers through 
the Omnibus Account holder.  Under Art. 30a.2a of the PIT Act, with respect to income (revenue) from 
interest transferred to taxpayers holding rights attached to securities registered in Omnibus Accounts 
whose identity has not been revealed to the tax remitter in accordance with the Act on Trading in 
Financial Instruments, a 19 per cent. flat-rate tax is withheld by the tax remitter from the aggregate 
income (revenue) released for the benefit of all such taxpayers through the Omnibus Account holder. If 
such tax is withheld for non-Polish tax resident taxpayers, to receive a refund of such tax, the entity 
should contact its tax advisor. 
If a person or an entity subject to limited tax liability in Poland acts through a foreign establishment in 
Poland to which income is related, as a matter of principle provisions of law should apply that are 
analogous to taxpayers subject to unlimited tax liability in Poland, with some necessary additional 
requirements (eg the requirement to present the interest payer with a certificate of tax residence along 
with a declaration that the interest is related to the establishment's activities). 
Special provisions on withholding tax on large payments 
(a) 
Corporate income tax 
Under Art. 26.2e of the CIT Act, if the total amount paid out on account of the items listed in Art. 21.1 
of the CIT Act (including interest / discount on securities) and Art. 22.1 of the CIT Act to the same 
taxpayer exceeds PLN 2,000,000 in the tax year of the payer, payers are, as a general rule, required to 
withhold, on the day of payment, a flat-rate income tax at the basic rate (20 per cent. in the case of 
interest/discount on securities) from the excess over that amount, without being able not to withhold that 
tax on the basis of an appropriate double tax treaty, and also without taking into account exemptions or 
rates resulting from special regulations or double tax treaties (hereinafter the Obligation to Withhold 
Tax). 
Under Art. 26.2i and 26.2j of the CIT Act, if the payer's tax year is longer or shorter than 12 months, the 
amount to which the Obligation to Withhold Tax applies is calculated by multiplying 1/12 of PLN 
2,000,000 and the number of months that have begun in the tax year in which the payment was made; if 
the calculation of that amount is not possible by reference to the payer's tax year, the Obligation to 
Withhold Tax shall apply accordingly to the payer's current financial year and, in its absence, with respect 
to the payer's other period with features specific to the financial year, not longer however than 23 
consecutive months. 
Under Art. 26.2k of the CIT Act, if the payment was made in a foreign currency, to determine whether 
the amount to which the Obligation to Withhold Tax applies was exceeded, the amounts paid are 
converted into PLN at the average exchange rate published by the National Bank of Poland on the last 
business day preceding the payment day. 
Under Art. 26.2l of the CIT Act, if it is not possible to determine the amount paid to the same taxpayer, 
it is presumed that it exceeded the amount from which the Obligation to Withhold Tax applies. 
Under Art. 26.7a of the CIT Act, the Obligation to Withhold Tax does not apply if the payer has declared 
that: 
(i) 
it holds the documents required by the tax law for the application of the tax rate or tax exemption 
or non-taxation under special regulations or double tax treaties; 
(ii) 
after the verification of the conditions to apply an exemption or reduced withholding tax rate 
resulting from special regulations or double tax treaties, it is not aware of any grounds for the 
assumption that there are circumstances that exclude the possibility of applying the tax rate or 
tax exemption or non-taxation under special regulations or double tax treaties, in particular it is 
not aware of the existence of circumstances preventing the fulfilment of certain conditions 
referred to in other regulations, including the fact that the interest/discount recipient is their

--- Page 306 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
278 
 
beneficial owner and, if the interest/discount is obtained in connection with the business activity 
conducted by the taxpayer, that in the country of tax residence the taxpayer carries on the actual 
business activity. 
The above is to be declared by the head of the unit within the meaning of the Accounting Act (eg the 
Issuer's management board), specifying his/her position.  The declaration cannot be made by proxy.  The 
declaration is to be made by in electronic form not later than the payment day (Art. 26.7b and 26.7c of 
the CIT Act). 
In the case of withholding tax as a result of the Obligation to Withhold Tax, if double tax treaties or 
special regulations provide for a tax exemption or reduced tax rate, the taxpayer or tax remitter (if the 
taxpayer has paid tax with its own funds and has borne the economic burden of such tax, eg as a result 
of a gross-up clause) may apply for a refund of that tax by submitting the relevant documents and 
declarations.  When recognizing that the refund is justified, the tax authorities shall carry it out within 
six months. 
Pursuant to the Regulation of the Minister of Finance dated 31 December 2018 regarding the exclusion 
or limited application of Art. 26.2e of the CIT Act (the Regulation), the application of the Obligation to 
Withhold Tax is excluded inter alia in relation to the following interest/discount payments: 
(i) 
to central banks not having their registered office or management in the territory of the Republic 
of Poland, obtained from interest or discount on treasury bonds issued by the State Treasury on 
the domestic market and acquired from 7 November 2015; 
(ii) 
to economic units established by a state administration body jointly with other States under an 
agreement or contract, unless those agreements or contracts provide otherwise; 
(iii) 
to international organizations of which the Republic of Poland is a member; 
(iv) 
to entities with which the Republic of Poland has concluded cooperation agreements, if they 
have been exempted from corporate income tax on the receivables in question; and 
(v) 
to entities exempt from corporate income tax, provided that their name is indicated in double 
tax treaties to which the Republic of Poland is a party. 
In addition, until 31 December 2020, the Obligation to Withhold Tax is excluded in respect of 
interest/discount on securities for taxpayers having their registered office or management in the territory 
of a state being a party to a double tax treaty with the Republic of Poland which regulates the taxation of 
income from dividends, interest and royalties, if there is a legal basis for exchanging tax information 
with the state of the taxpayer's registered office or management. 
It should be noted that payments made in 2020, but before 31 December 2020, that are excluded from 
the Obligation to Withhold Tax under the Regulation, will be included in the above-mentioned limit from 
which the Obligation to Withhold Tax applies, in relation to payments made after 31 December 2020. 
The Obligation to Withhold Tax does not apply in the case of the special exemption applicable to 
Securities meeting certain conditions referred to in the section Special exemption for Securities meeting 
special conditions above, provided that the Issuer submits to the tax authority a declaration that the Issuer 
has observed due diligence in informing its affiliates, within the meaning of the provisions on transfer 
pricing, about the terms of that exemption in relation to those affiliates.  The declaration is made once in 
relation to a given issue of Securities, by no later than the date of the payment of interest or discount on 
the Securities. 
(b) 
Personal income tax 
Analogous provisions apply to personal income tax, including Art. 41.12 of the PIT Act which provides 
for an analogous tax withholding obligation, while the Regulation of the Minister of Finance of 31 
December 2018 regarding the exclusion or limited application of Art. 41.12 of the PIT Act is the 
equivalent of the Regulation.

--- Page 307 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
279 
 
PORTUGUESE TAXATION 
The following is a summary of the current Portuguese tax treatment at the date hereof in relation to 
certain aspects of payments of principal and income in respect of Securities. The statements do not deal 
with other Portuguese tax aspects regarding Securities and relate only to the position of persons who are 
absolute beneficial owners of Securities. The following is a general guide, does not constitute tax or legal 
advice and should be treated with appropriate caution. Securityholders who are in any doubt as to their 
tax position should consult their professional advisers.  
The reference to "investment income" and "capital gains" in the paragraphs below means "investment 
income" and "capital gains" as understood in Portuguese tax law. The statements below do not take any 
account of any different definitions of "investment income" or "capital gains" which may prevail under 
any other law or which may be created by the Conditions of the Securities or any related documentation.  
Gains obtained with the repayment of Securities are qualified as capital gains for Portuguese tax 
purposes. 
Note holder's Income Tax 
Income generated by the holding ("distributions") and disposal of Notes is generally subject to the 
Portuguese tax regime for debt securities (obrigações).  
Economic benefits derived from amortisation, reimbursement premiums and other types of remuneration 
arising from Notes are designated as investment income (rendimentos de capital) for Portuguese tax 
purposes. 
Certificate holder's income tax 
The positive difference, if any, between the minimum amount guaranteed and the subscription price of 
certificates qualifies as investment income (rendimentos de capital), which is subject to personal income 
tax and corporate income tax in Portugal and is also subject to withholding tax in Portugal (further details 
regarding the regime applicable in such circumstances are set out below).  
Any income arising from certificates that do not guarantee a minimum income to the certificate holders 
qualifies under Portuguese tax law as a capital gain, and therefore is subject to the regime set out below. 
Withholding tax 
Under current Portuguese law, investment income payments in respect of Securities made to Portuguese 
tax resident companies are included in their taxable income and are subject to a Portuguese corporate 
income tax at a rate of (i) 21 per cent. or (ii) if the taxpayer is a small or medium enterprise as established 
in Decree-Law no. 372/2007, of 6 November 2007, 17 per cent. for taxable profits up to €25,000 and 21 
per cent. on profits in excess thereof, to which may be added a municipal surcharge (derrama municipal) 
of up to 1.5 per cent. over the Portuguese corporate Securityholders' taxable profits, where applicable. 
Corporate taxpayers with a taxable income of more than €1,500,000 are also subject to a state surcharge 
(derrama estadual) of (i) 3 per cent. on the part of the taxable profits exceeding €1,500,000 up to 
€7,500,000, (ii) 5 per cent. on the part of the taxable profits exceeding €7,500,000 up to €35,000,000, 
and (iii) 9 per cent. on the part of the taxable profits that exceeds €35,000,000.  
As regards to investment income on Securities made to Portuguese tax resident individuals, they are 
subject to personal income tax which shall be withheld at the current final withholding rate of 28 per 
cent. if there is a Portuguese resident paying agent, unless the individual elects to include it in his taxable 
income, subject to tax at the current progressive rates of up to 48 per cent. An additional income tax rate 
will be due on the part of the taxable income exceeding €80,000 as follows: (i) 2.5 per cent. on the part 
of the taxable income exceeding €80,000 up to €250,000, and (ii) 5 per cent. on the remaining part (if 
any) of the taxable income exceeding €250,000.  
Investment income payments due by non-resident entities to Portuguese tax resident individuals are 
subject to an autonomous taxation at a rate of 28 per cent. whenever those payments are not subject to 
Portuguese withholding tax unless the individual elects to include it in his taxable income, subject to tax 
at the current progressive rates of up to 48 per cent. An additional income tax rate will be due on the part 
of the taxable income exceeding €80,000 as follows: (i) 2.5 per cent. on the part of the taxable income

--- Page 308 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
280 
 
exceeding €80,000 up to €250,000, and (ii) 5 per cent. on the remaining part (if any) of the taxable income 
exceeding €250,000.  
Investment income paid or made available to accounts opened in the name of one or more accountholders 
acting on behalf of one or more unidentified third parties is subject to a final withholding tax rate of 35 
per cent., unless the relevant beneficial owner(s) of the income is/are identified and as a consequence the 
tax rates applicable to such beneficial owner(s) will apply. 
None of the relevant Issuer, where the relevant Issuer is CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor and, where the 
relevant Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, are responsible for withholding 
at source any amount in respect of Portuguese withholding tax, whenever applicable, on payments of 
investment income arising from the Securities. 
Payments of principal on Securities are not subject to Portuguese withholding tax. For these purposes, 
principal shall mean all payments carried out without any income component. 
Capital Gains 
Under current Portuguese law, capital gains obtained by Portuguese tax resident companies on the 
disposal of Securities issued by non-resident entities are included in their taxable income and are subject 
to corporate income tax rate at a rate of (i) 21 per cent. or (ii) if the taxpayer is a small or medium 
enterprise as established in Decree-Law no. 372/2007, of 6 November 2007, 17 per cent. for taxable 
profits up to €25,000 and 21 per cent. on profits in excess thereof, to which is added a municipal surcharge 
of up to 1.5 per cent. over the Portuguese corporate Securityholders' taxable profits, where applicable. 
Corporate taxpayers with a taxable income of more than €1,500,000 are also subject to a state surcharge 
(derrama estadual) of (i) 3 per cent. on the part of the taxable profits exceeding €1,500,000 up to 
€7,500,000, (ii) 5 per cent. on the part of the taxable profits exceeding €7,500,000 up to €35,000,000, 
And (iii) 9 per cent. on the part of the taxable profits that exceeds €35,000,000.  
Capital gains obtained by individuals who are resident in Portugal for tax purposes on the disposal of 
Securities are subject to a special tax rate of 28 per cent., levied on the positive difference between the 
capital gains and capital losses of each year unless the individual opts to include the income in his taxable 
income, subject to tax at the current progressive rates of up to 48 per cent. An additional income tax rate 
will be due on the part of the taxable income exceeding €80,000 as follows: (i) 2.5 per cent. on the part 
of the taxable income exceeding €80,000 up to €250,000, and (ii) 5 per cent. on the remaining part (if 
any) of the taxable income exceeding €250,000.  
No Portuguese withholding tax applies on capital gains. 
Administrative cooperation in the field of taxation 
The Council Directive 2014/107/EU of 9 December 2014 regarding the mandatory automatic exchange 
of information in the field of taxation was transposed into the Portuguese Law through the Decree-Law 
no. 64/2016, of 11 October, which has been amended by Law no. 98/2017, of 24 August, and by Law 
no. 17/2019, of 14 February. Under such law, the Issuer will be required to collect information regarding 
certain accountholders and report such information to Portuguese Tax Authorities – which, in turn, will 
report such information to the relevant Tax Authorities of EU Member States or third States which have 
signed the Multilateral Competent Authority Agreement on Automatic Exchange of Financial Account 
Information for the Common Reporting Standard. 
Under Council Directive 2014/107/EU, of 9 December 2014, financial institutions are required to report 
to the tax authorities of their respective Member State (for the exchange of information with the state of 
residence) information regarding bank accounts, including custodial accounts, held by individual persons 
residing in a different Member State or entities which are controlled by one or more individual persons 
residing in a different Member State, after having applied the due diligence rules foreseen in the 
Directive. The information refers to the account balance at the end of the calendar year, income paid or 
credited in the account and the proceeds from the sale or redemption of the financial assets paid or 
credited in the account during the calendar year to which the financial institution acted as custodian, 
broker, nominee, or otherwise as an agent for the account holder, among others. 
In view of the regime enacted by Decree-Law no. 64/2016, of 11 October, which was amended by Law 
no. 98/2017, of 24 August and Law no. 17/2019 of 14 February 2019, all information regarding the

--- Page 309 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
281 
 
registration of the financial institution, the procedures to comply with the reporting obligations arising 
thereof and the applicable forms were approved by Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 302-B/2016, of 2 
December 2016, as amended by Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 282/2018, of 19 October 2018, 
Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 302-C/2016, of 2 December 2016, Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 302-
D/2016, of 2 December 2016, as amended by Ministerial Order no. 255/2017, of 14 August and by 
Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 58/2018, of 27 February 2018 and Ministerial Order (Portaria) no. 302-
E/2016, of 2 December 2016. 
FATCA 
Portugal has implemented, through Law 82-B/2014, of 31 December 2014 and Decree Law 64/2016, of 
11 of October 2016, which has been amended by Law no. 98/2017, of 24 August, and by Law no. 
17/2019, of 14 February, the legislation based on the reciprocal exchange of information with the United 
States of America on financial accounts subject to disclosure in order to comply with Sections 1471 
through 1474 of FATCA. In this regard, the United States of America and Portugal have signed on 6 
August 2015 an intergovernmental agreement (IGA). The IGA entered into force on 10 August 2016, 
and through Decree-Law no. 64/2016, of 11 October 2016, which was amended by Law no. 98/2017, of 
24 August 2017, and Law no. 17/2019 of 14 February 2019, the Portuguese government approved the 
complementary regulation required to comply with FATCA. Under this legislation the Issuer is required 
to obtain information regarding certain accountholders and report such information to the Portuguese tax 
authorities, which, in turn, will report such information to the IRS. The exchange of information shall be 
made by 31 July of each year comprising the information gathered respecting the previous year. 
SPANISH TAXATION 
The following is a summary of the main Spanish tax implications deriving from the ownership, transfer, 
redemption or reimbursement of the Securities referred to in this Base Prospectus by individuals or legal 
persons who are resident in Spain for tax purposes and by Spanish Non-Resident Income Tax ("NRIT") 
taxpayers acting, with respect to the Securities, through a permanent establishment in Spain. 
This summary is based on the Spanish law in force as of the date of approval of this Base Prospectus 
and on the administrative interpretations thereof, and therefore is subject to any changes in such laws 
and interpretations thereof occurring after that date, including changes having retroactive effect. In 
particular, this description is based on the provisions established in the Individual Income Tax Law (the 
"IIT Law") (Law 35/2006, of 28 November 2006, as amended), the Corporate Income Tax Law (the 
"CIT Law") (Law 27/2014, of 27 November 2014) and in the Consolidated Text of the NRIT Law (the 
"NRIT Law") (approved by Royal Legislative Decree 5/2004, of 5 March 2004, as amended) and does 
not take into consideration any special regime applied by individuals or legal persons (such as financial 
entities, exempt entities, cooperatives, individuals who acquire the Securities by reason of employment, 
pension funds, collective investment in transferrable securities or look-through entities).  
In addition, the following section does not cover those tax laws in force in the Spanish Basque provinces 
and Navarra as well as the particularities in force in the Spanish autonomous communities (comunidades 
autónomas), or the special rules applicable to transactions among related persons for Spanish tax 
purposes. 
Accordingly, this summary is for general information only and does not purport to be a tax advice, thus 
prospective investors in the Securities should consult their own tax advisors as to the applicable tax 
consequences of their purchase, ownership and disposition of the Securities, including the effect of tax 
laws of any other jurisdiction, based on their particular circumstances. Also prospective investors should 
note that the appointment by an investor in Securities, or any person through which an investor holds 
Securities, of a custodian, collection agent or similar person in relation to such Securities in any 
jurisdiction may have tax implications. Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors in 
relation to the tax consequences for them of any such appointment. For the purposes of our analysis, we 
have assumed that the relevant Issuer is, in the case of Citigroup Inc. and CGMHI, a company resident 
for tax purposes in the United States and for the purposes of the Convention between the Kingdom of 
Spain and the United States for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion 
with respect to Taxes on Income signed on 22 February 1990, as amended in October 2019, and entitled 
to its benefits, and, in the case of CGMFL, is resident for tax purposes in Luxembourg and for the 
purposes of the Convention between the Kingdom of Spain and the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg for the 
avoidance of Double Taxation with respect to Taxes on Income and on Capital and the Prevention of

--- Page 310 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
282 
 
Fiscal Fraud and Evasion signed on 4 August 1987, as amended, and entitled to its benefits, that the 
Issuers do not act with respect to the Securities through a permanent establishment in Spain, that the 
proceeds of the Securities are not used in Spain by the Issuers, and that the investors in the Securities 
are resident in Spain for tax purposes or NRIT taxpayers acting, with respect to such Securities, through 
a permanent establishment in Spain. 
Spanish tax resident individuals 
(a) 
Individual Income Tax ("IIT") (Impuesto sobre la Renta de las Personas Físicas) 
The Spanish IIT is regulated by the IIT Law and supplemented by the IIT Regulations approved 
by Royal Decree 439/2007, of 30 March 2007, as amended (the IIT Regulations). 
The Securities are deemed securities (activos financieros), in accordance with the definition set 
forth in Article 91 of the IIT Regulations and its interpretation by the Spanish tax authorities, 
and hence the rules provided with regard to securities must be taken into consideration. 
According to Article 25.2 of the IIT Law and its interpretation by the Spanish tax authorities, 
interest as well as income arising on the transfer, redemption or reimbursement of the Securities 
obtained by individuals who are resident in Spain for tax purposes will be deemed income from 
movable property and therefore will be included in the investor's IIT savings taxable base and 
taxed, together with the other savings income obtained by such investor in that same tax year, 
at a flat tax rate of 19 per cent. up to EUR6,000, 21 per cent. for taxable income between 
EUR6,000.01 to EUR50,000 and 23 per cent. for taxable income in excess of EUR50,000. 
As a general rule, income earned by Spanish resident individuals under the Securities should 
qualify as interest payments. In general, interest payments obtained by Spanish resident 
individuals should be subject to withholding tax at a 19 per cent. rate on account of IIT 
(creditable against final tax liability). 
Notwithstanding the above, as non-resident in Spain entities not acting through a permanent 
establishment are not bound to withhold on account of IIT on payments made to Spanish resident 
individuals, interest payments under the Securities should be only subject to withholding tax in 
Spain in case they are deposited in a depositary entity or individual resident in Spain (or acting 
through a permanent establishment in Spain) or if an entity or individual resident in Spain (or 
acting through a permanent establishment in Spain) is in charge of the collection of the income 
derived from the Securities, provided that such income had not been previously subject to 
withholding tax in Spain. 
However, when the Securities (i) are represented in book-entry form; (ii) are admitted to trading 
on a Spanish secondary stock exchange; and (iii) generate explicit yield, holders can benefit 
from a withholding tax exemption in respect of the income arising from the transfer or 
reimbursement of the Securities, save in respect of income derived from accounts entered into 
with financial institutions, provided that such accounts are based on financial instruments, such 
as the Securities. However, under certain circumstances, when a transfer of the Securities has 
occurred within the 30-day period immediately preceding any relevant coupon payment date 
such holders may not be eligible for such withholding tax exemption. 
Holders of Securities shall compute the gross interest obtained in the taxable base of the tax 
period in which it is due, including amounts withheld, if any. Income arising on the transfer, 
redemption or reimbursement of Securities will be calculated as the difference between (i) the 
transfer, redemption or reimbursement value of such Securities (deducting the additional costs 
and expenses incurred in the transfer, if they are duly justified) and (ii) their acquisition or 
subscription value (adding the additional costs and expenses incurred in the acquisition, if they 
are duly justified). 
Should a holder of Securities acquire homogeneous securities within the two-month period prior 
or subsequent to the transfer of such Securities, negative income that may derive from such 
transfer cannot be included in his or her IIT taxable base until the homogeneous securities are 
transferred.

--- Page 311 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
283 
 
The net taxable income related to interest derived from the Securities shall be determined by 
deducting the management and deposit expenses from the gross income, excluding those 
pertaining to discretionary or individual portfolio management.  
Additionally, tax credits for the avoidance of international double taxation in accordance with 
the IIT Law or any applicable convention for the avoidance of double taxation entered into by 
Spain may apply in respect of taxes paid abroad, if any, on income deriving from Securities. 
(b) 
Net Wealth Tax (Net Wealth Tax) (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Only individual holders of Securities would be subject to the Net Wealth Tax as legal persons 
are not taxable persons under Net Wealth Tax.  
Relevant taxpayers will be individuals who have their habitual residence in Spain regardless of 
the place where their assets or rights are located or could be exercised, and non-Spanish resident 
individuals owning assets or rights which are located or could be exercised in Spain whose net 
wealth is higher than EUR 700,000, as this amount is considered as exempt from Net Wealth 
Tax. 
Taxpayers should include in their Net Wealth Tax self-assessment the Securities (assuming they 
qualify as debt instruments) for the following amounts: 
(i) 
if they are listed in an official market, the average negotiation value of the fourth quarter; 
and 
(ii) 
in other case, its nominal value (including redemption premiums). 
The value of the Securities together with the rest of the taxpayer's wealth, once reduced by the 
deductible in rem liens and encumbrances which reduce the rights and assets values and the 
personal debts of the taxpayer, shall be taxed at a tax rate between 0.2 to 2.5 per cent. 
Finally, please note that the Spanish regions are entitled to modify (i) the threshold of net wealth 
exempt from taxation; (ii) the tax rates; and (iii) the tax benefits and exemptions to be applied 
in their territory. 
(c) 
Inheritance and Gift Tax ("IGT") (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals resident in Spain for tax purposes who acquire Securities by inheritance or gift will 
be subject to the Spanish IGT in accordance with the IGT Law (Ley 29/1987, de 18 de diciembre, 
del Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones), without prejudice to the specific legislation 
applicable in each autonomous region. The effective tax rate, after applying all relevant factors, 
ranges from 0 per cent. to 81.6 per cent. depending on the region, the amount of the gift or 
inheritance, the net wealth of the heir or donee, and the kinship with the deceased or the donor. 
Please bear in mind that, in case the Securities are deemed to be exercisable in Spain, Spanish 
resident individuals who acquire Securities by inheritance or gift may also be subject to the 
Spanish IGT. 
Legal persons resident in Spain for tax purposes are not subject to IGT, thus the income that 
they may obtain from gift or inheritance, as the case may be, will be subject to Spanish Corporate 
Income Tax ("CIT") on the market value of Securities received, provided that the legal persons 
obtaining such income are Spanish CIT taxpayers. 
Tax credits for the avoidance of international double taxation may apply in respect of similar 
taxes paid abroad, if any, in respect of Securities. 
(d) 
Spanish legal persons subject to Corporate Income Tax ("CIT") (Impuesto sobre Sociedades) 
Interest and income arising on the transfer, redemption or reimbursement of Securities obtained 
by legal entities resident for tax purposes in Spain and regarded as CIT taxpayers shall be 
computed as taxable income of the tax period of its accrual, in accordance with the rules

--- Page 312 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
284 
 
contained in the CIT Law and supplemented by the CIT regulations, set out by Royal Decree 
634/2015, of 10 July 2015 (the "CIT Regulations"). 
The general CIT rate for Spanish CIT taxpayers is currently 25 per cent. However, certain CIT 
taxpayers, such as banks and investment funds, may be subject to higher or lower CIT rates.  
Tax credits for the avoidance of international double taxation in accordance with the CIT Law 
or any applicable convention for the avoidance of double taxation entered into by Spain may 
apply in respect of taxes paid abroad, if any, on income deriving from Securities. 
As a general rule, interest payments and income upon transfer or redemption under the Securities 
shall be subject to withholding tax at 19 per cent. rate on account of CIT (creditable against final 
tax liability). 
Notwithstanding this, as non-resident in Spain entities not acting through a permanent 
establishment are not bound to withhold on account of CIT on payments made to Spanish 
resident entities, interest payments and income upon transfer or redemption under the Securities 
should be only subject to withholding tax in Spain in case they are deposited in a depositary 
entity resident in Spain (or acting through a permanent establishment in Spain) or if an entity or 
individual resident in Spain (or acting through a permanent establishment in Spain) is in charge 
of the collection of the income derived from the Securities, provided that such income had not 
been previously subject to withholding tax in Spain. 
However, when (i) the Securities are represented in book-entry form and are admitted to trading 
on a Spanish secondary stock exchange or on the Spanish Alternative Fixed Income Market 
(MARF); or (ii) the notes are listed on a market in an OECD member state; holders who are 
corporate income taxpayers can benefit from a withholding tax exemption in respect of interest 
payments and income arising from the transfer or redemption of the Securities, exception made 
of income derived from accounts entered into with financial entities, provided that such accounts 
are based on financial instruments, such as Securities. 
(e) 
Non-resident investors subject to NRIT (Impuesto sobre la Renta de no Residentes) 
Based on the fact that none of the Issuers are resident in Spain for tax purposes, that the 
payments of the Securities are not effectively allocated to a permanent establishment in Spain 
of the Issuers and that the proceeds of the Securities are not used in Spain by the Issuers, no 
Spanish NRIT should, in principle, be levied on investors that are not resident in Spain for tax 
purposes, unless they are acting with respect to Securities through a Spanish permanent 
establishment. 
Pursuant to some specific guidelines recently issued by the Spanish tax authorities, income 
relating to bonds issued by a non-Spanish tax resident issuer could be regarded as remunerating 
the use of funds in Spain (and thus, be subject to Spanish NRIT) depending on the specific 
activity of the issuer and the effective use of funds in Spain and, in particular (pursuant to these 
guidelines), if a non-Spanish resident special purpose vehicle issuing the notes is incorporated 
by a Spanish group in order to seek finance for the benefit of such Spanish group. 
In addition to the above, and in accordance to binding ruling V0185-20 of 27 January 2020, 
certain securities (such as financial derivatives) may be classified, for the purposes of the 
relevant double tax treaty, as business profits or other income and, as mentioned above, should 
not be considered, in general terms, as Spanish-source income, subject to the provisions of any 
relevant double tax treaty. 
According to the general principles of the Spanish NRIT Law, Spanish permanent 
establishments of non-Spanish tax resident persons are taxed under the NRIT Law in a similar 
manner to Spanish CIT taxpayers, although some specific rules may apply. Due to the 
complexity of this matter, non-Spanish tax resident investors acting in Spain, with respect to 
Securities, through a permanent establishment are strongly urged to seek appropriate advice in 
respect of their own tax position in this regard.  
Spanish withholding tax

--- Page 313 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
285 
 
Where a financial institution (either resident in Spain for tax purposes or acting through a permanent 
establishment in Spain) (a) acts as depositary of Securities, (b) manages the collection of any income 
under Securities, (c) intervenes in their transfer or (d) carries out the redemption or reimbursement of the 
Securities, on behalf of Securityholders either (i) resident in Spain for tax purposes or (ii) holding the 
Securities through a permanent establishment located in Spain, such financial institution will be 
responsible for making the relevant withholding on account of Spanish tax on any income deriving from 
the relevant Securities. The current withholding tax rate in Spain is 19 per cent. Amounts withheld in 
Spain, if any, can be credited against the final Spanish IIT, CIT or NRIT liability, as applicable to the 
Securityholder. 
Other Spanish taxes (indirect taxation) 
The acquisition, transfer, redemption and reimbursement of Securities will be exempt from indirect taxes 
in Spain, i.e. exempt from or not subject to Transfer Tax and Stamp Duty, as the case may be, in 
accordance with the Consolidated Text of such tax approved by Royal Legislative Decree 1/1993, of 21 
September 1993, and exempt from Value Added Tax, in accordance with Law 37/1992, of 28 December 
1992, regulating such tax. 
SWEDISH TAXATION 
The following discussion is a summary of certain material Swedish tax considerations relating to (i) 
Securities issued by any of the Issuers where the holder is tax resident in Sweden or has a tax presence 
in Sweden or (ii) Securities where the Paying Agent or custodian is located in Sweden. This summary of 
certain tax issues that may arise as a result of holding Securities is based on current Swedish tax 
legislation and is intended only as general information for holders of Securities who are resident or 
domiciled in Sweden for tax purposes, unless otherwise stated. This description does not deal 
comprehensively with all tax consequences that may occur for holders of Securities, nor does it cover 
the specific rules where Securities are held by a partnership or are held as current assets in a business 
operation. The summary does, moreover, not cover Securities held on a so-called investment savings 
account (Sw. investeringssparkonto). Special tax consequences that are not described below may also 
apply for certain categories of taxpayers, including investment companies and life insurance companies. 
It is recommended that potential investors in Securities consult their own tax advisers for information 
with respect to the special tax consequences that may arise as a result of holding Securities, including 
the applicability and effect of foreign income tax rules, provisions contained in double taxation treaties 
and other rules which may be applicable. 
Swedish tax residents - Individuals 
Tax on Capital income 
An individual who receives interest or dividend income is subject to capital gains tax at a rate of 30 per 
cent. The tax liability arises when the interest or dividend is actually paid, in accordance with the so-
called cash method.  
No formal interest accrues on zero-coupon bonds. The profit from a redemption of a zero-coupon bond 
is regarded as interest, subject to tax at the time of redemption. However, the appreciation in value is 
regarded as interest compensation, should the zero-coupon bond be disposed of prior to maturity. If there 
is a loss on the bond, this is deductible as a capital loss in accordance with the principles referred to 
below. 
Individuals and estates of deceased Swedish individuals, who sell their Securities, are subject to capital 
gains taxation. The current tax rate of the gain is 30 per cent. The rate for non-listed shares is reduced to 
5/6. The capital gain or loss is equal to the difference between the sales proceeds after deduction of sales 
costs and the acquisition cost of the Securities. The acquisition cost is calculated according to the so-
called average method. This means that the costs of acquiring all Securities of the same type and class 
are added together and calculated collectively, with respect to changes to the holding. Optionally, the so-
called standard rule under which the acquisition cost is deemed to be the equivalent of 20 per cent. of the 
net sales price may be applied on the disposal of listed Securities (except for options and forward 
contracts) that are taxed in the same manner as shares. A Security should be regarded as listed for 
Swedish tax purposes if it is listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market

--- Page 314 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
286 
 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the London Stock Exchange, Euronext Dublin or any other foreign 
market that is considered to be a stock exchange under Swedish tax law. 
As a main rule, 70 per cent. of a capital loss is deductible against any other taxable income derived from 
capital. Capital losses on listed Securities that are taxed in the same manner as shares, are, however, fully 
deductible against taxable capital gains on such assets or capital gains on listed shares. Capital losses on 
listed shares may be deductible against 5/6 of capital gains on non-listed shares in Swedish and foreign 
limited liability companies and foreign legal entities. Any excess amount is deductible at 70 per cent., 
according to the main rule.   
Capital losses on listed Securities qualifying as Swedish receivables (i.e. denominated in SEK) are 
currently fully deductible in the capital income category. Moreover, under EC law receivables 
denominated in foreign currency are also fully deductible.   
If a deficit arises in the capital income, a reduction of the tax on income from employment and from 
business, as well as the tax on real estate, is allowed. The tax reduction allowed amounts to 30 per cent. 
of any deficit not exceeding SEK 100,000 and 21 per cent. of any deficit in excess of SEK 100,000. 
Deficits may not be carried forward to a subsequent fiscal year.  
Withholding tax  
There is no Swedish withholding tax (källskatt) applicable on interest payments. Neither dividends are 
subject to withholding tax, when they are paid to a Swedish tax resident. 
Sweden operates a system of preliminary tax (preliminärskatt) to secure payment of taxes. In the context 
of the Securities, a preliminary tax of 30 per cent. will as a main rule be deducted from all payments, 
treated as either interest or dividends, made to tax residents in Sweden, provided the paying entity is 
subject to reporting obligations in Sweden. Depending on the holder's overall tax liability for the relevant 
fiscal year the preliminary tax may contribute towards, equal or exceed the holder's overall tax liability 
with any balance subsequently to be paid by or to the relevant holder, as applicable. 
Stamp duty  
There is no stamp duty on the issuing, transfer or redemption of Securities in Sweden.  
Gift, Inheritance and Wealth taxes  
There is no gift, inheritance or wealth tax in Sweden. 
Swedish tax residents - Corporations 
Limited liability companies (aktiebolag) and other legal entities, except for estates of deceased Swedish 
individuals, are taxed on all income (including income from the sale of Securities) as income from 
business activities at a flat rate of 21.4 per cent. (for fiscal year commencing 1 January 2019 and later). 
As per 1 January 2021, the tax rate is to be decreased to 20.6 per cent.  Regarding the calculation of a 
capital gain or loss and the acquisition cost, see "Swedish tax residents - Individuals" above. However, 
interest and dividend income, as well as other income derived from the holding of an asset, is taxed on 
an accruals basis.  
Capital losses on Securities that are taxed in the same manner as shares (see further above) incurred by 
a corporate holder of a Security may only be offset against taxable capital gains on shares or such 
securities. Such capital losses may also, under certain circumstances, be deductible against capital gains 
on shares and Securities that are taxed in the same manner as shares within the same group of companies, 
provided the requirements for group contributions (tax consolidation) are met.  
Capital losses on shares and other Securities that are taxed in the same manner as shares which are not 
deducted against capital gains within a certain year may be carried forward and offset against taxable 
capital gains on shares and notes taxed in the same manner as shares in the future.  
For limited liability companies and economic associations, capital gains on shares and certain share 
related rights held for business purposes are tax exempt. Dividends received by a Swedish company from 
another Swedish company are normally exempt from tax, if the shareholding is business related.

--- Page 315 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
287 
 
According to the Swedish rules on participation exemption, dividends received from a non-resident 
company may also be tax exempt, if the shareholding is business-related. As a result, capital losses on 
shares and share related rights that are held for business purposes are not deductible. Securities under 
this offer are not treated as share related rights held for business purposes. However, a capital loss on the 
Securities is not deductible should the underlying assets, directly or indirectly, consist of shares or certain 
share related rights held for business purposes.   
As mentioned above, there is no stamp duty on the issuing, transfer or redemption of Securities in 
Sweden.  
Withholding tax 
Please see above the information regarding withholding tax and preliminary tax for individuals.  
Swedish non-residents - Individuals and Corporations  
Holders of  Securities who are not fiscally resident in Sweden and who are not carrying on business 
operations from a permanent establishment in Sweden are generally not liable for Swedish capital gains 
taxation on the disposal of Securities. The holders may, nevertheless, be subject to tax in their country 
of residence.  
However, as far as non-resident individuals are concerned, capital gains on the sale of certain Securities  
(such as Securities taxed in the same manners as shares) may in some cases be subject to Swedish tax if 
the individual has been resident or permanently lived in Sweden at any time during the calendar year of 
the sale or any of the 10 preceding calendar years. This provision is, nevertheless, in many cases limited 
by tax treaties for the avoidance of double taxation, which Sweden has concluded with approximately 80 
other countries.   
Withholding tax 
For payments treated as dividends, Swedish non-resident withholding tax is applied if the payer is a 
Swedish company and the payment is made to a Swedish non-resident. The withholding tax rate is 30 
per cent. unless the rate is reduced under a tax treaty. However, no withholding tax is imposed if the 
dividend is paid to a non-resident qualifying for the benefits of the Swedish participation exemption rule 
(please see above). 
SWISS TAXATION 
The following is a summary based on legislation as of the date of this Base Prospectus. It does not aim 
to be a comprehensive description of all the Swiss tax considerations that may be relevant for a decision 
to invest in Securities. The tax treatment for each investor depends on the particular situation. All 
investors are advised to consult with their professional tax advisors as to the respective Swiss tax 
consequences of the purchase, ownership, disposition, lapse, exercise or redemption of Securities (or 
options embedded therein) in light of their particular circumstances. 
Swiss Federal Stamp Taxes 
The issuance of Securities to the initial holders at the original offering price (primary market) is not 
subject to the Swiss federal issuance stamp tax and the Swiss federal securities turnover tax 
(Umsatzabgabe), except that the issuance of Securities which classify as fund-like instruments may be 
subject to Swiss federal securities turnover tax of up to 0.3 per cent. on the offering price, however, only 
if a Swiss securities dealer (as defined in the Swiss federal stamp tax act) is a party or an intermediary to 
the transaction and, additionally, if no exemption applies. 
Dealings in Securities (secondary market) which classify as pure derivative financial instruments (such 
as call and put options, including low exercise price options with a maturity not exceeding twelve months, 
futures with a maximal pre-financing of 25 per cent., fully-funded securities statically replicating an 
index or a basket of at least five shares and with a fixed maturity or an annual redemption right) are 
exempt from Swiss federal securities turnover tax. Dealings in other Securities may be subject to Swiss 
federal securities turnover tax of up to 0.3 per cent. on the consideration paid, however, only if a Swiss 
securities dealer (as defined in the Swiss federal stamp tax act) is a party or an intermediary to the 
transaction and, additionally, if no exemption applies.

--- Page 316 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
288 
 
The physical delivery of a Security at exercise or redemption to the holder of the Security may be subject 
to Swiss federal securities turnover tax of 0.3 per cent. in case a Security issued by an issuer outside 
Switzerland is delivered and of 0.15 per cent. in case a Security issued by a Swiss domestic issuer is 
delivered, however, in each case, only if a Swiss domestic securities dealer (as defined in the Swiss 
federal stamp tax act) is a party or an intermediary to the delivery and, additionally, if no exemption 
applies. 
Swiss Federal Withholding Tax 
Payments under the Securities are not subject to Swiss federal withholding tax, PROVIDED THAT the 
Issuer is at all times resident and managed outside Switzerland for Swiss tax purposes and that the 
proceeds are used outside Switzerland at all times. 
On 3 April 2020, the Swiss Federal Council proposed draft legislation and opened the consultation 
procedure regarding the reform of the Swiss federal withholding tax regime, which had previously been 
suspended. The consultation procedure ended on 10 July 2020. A main aspect of the draft legislation is 
the exemption of Swiss-domiciled legal entities and foreign investors from withholding tax on Swiss 
domestic interest-based investments. In essence, the draft legislation would replace the current debtor-
based regime applicable to interest payments with a paying agent-based regime for Swiss withholding 
tax. Broadly, this paying agent-based regime would (i) subject all interest payments made through paying 
agents in Switzerland to individuals resident in Switzerland to Swiss withholding tax and (ii) exempt 
from Swiss withholding tax interest payments to all other persons, including to Swiss- domiciled legal 
entities and foreign investors (other than for indirect interest payments via foreign and domestic 
collective investments vehicles). If such a new paying agent-based regime were to be enacted and were 
to result in the deduction or withholding of Swiss federal withholding tax on any interest payments in 
respect of the Securities, the Securityholders would not be entitled to receive any additional amounts as 
a result of such deduction or withholding under the terms of the Securities. 
Income Taxation 
Non-Swiss resident Holders 
A holder of a Security who is not resident in Switzerland and who during the taxation year has not 
engaged in a trade or business carried on through a permanent establishment or fixed place of business 
in Switzerland will in respect of such Security not be subject to income tax in Switzerland. 
Securities held as Private Assets by a Swiss resident Holder 
(a) 
Pure Derivative Financial Instruments 
A capital gain realised by an individual on the sale or redemption of a Security which classifies 
as a true derivative financial instrument for tax purposes (such as a true call or put option on 
equities or commodities (including low exercise price options provided their term does not 
exceed one year or, where the term does exceed one year, the premium paid at issuance does 
not exceed 50 per cent. of the value of the Underlying at the time of issuance), future on equities 
or commodities, replicating an index or a fixed basket of at least five shares and with a fixed 
maturity or an annual redemption right and with a maturity not exceeding twelve months) and 
which is held as part of the individual's private assets is a tax-free private capital gain. 
Conversely, a capital loss realised on the sale or redemption of such a Security cannot be set off 
against taxable income. Dividend equivalents paid under such a Security constitute taxable 
investment income. 
(b) 
Structured Securities 
If a Security is composed of one or more derivatives and a bond (resulting e.g. from up-front 
payment of exercise price, purchase price, etc.) and therefore classifies as a structured financial 
instrument for tax purposes, its income taxation depends on whether (i) the embedded bond 
component and the embedded derivative financial instrument(s) are reported separately from 
each other, or, alternatively, if the Security is a standard product, the value of the embedded 
bond component and the value of the embedded derivative financial instrument(s) can at any 
time be determined analytically by using standard valuation programmes, and (ii) the Security 
classifies as a structured instrument with or without a predominant one-time interest payment:

--- Page 317 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
289 
 
• 
Non-transparent derivative financial instruments: If the embedded bond is not recorded 
separately from the embedded derivative financial instrument(s) and if the values of the 
embedded bond and the embedded derivative financial instrument(s) cannot be 
determined analytically (as described above), then the Security classifies as non-
transparent structured financial instrument and any return over the initial investment as 
taxable interest payment. Non-transparent derivative financial instruments generally 
include a predominant one-time interest payment and are taxed in accordance with the 
principles set forth below under "Transparent derivative financial instruments with a 
predominant one-time interest payment". 
• 
Transparent derivative financial instruments without a predominant one-time interest 
payment: If the embedded bond is recorded separately from the embedded derivative 
financial instrument(s) or if the values of the embedded bond and the embedded 
derivative financial instrument(s) can be determined analytically (as described above) 
and if the yield-to-maturity predominantly derives from periodic interest payments and 
not from a one-time interest payment such as an original issue discount or a repayment 
premium (see below "Transparent derivative financial instruments with a predominant 
one-time interest payment"), then a person who is an individual resident in Switzerland 
holding such a Security as a private asset is required to include any periodic and one-
time interest payments received on the Security in his or her personal income tax return 
for the relevant tax period and will be taxable on any net taxable income (including such 
amounts) for the relevant tax period. Option premium received by such a person under, 
and a gain, including in respect of interest accrued, or a loss, respectively, realised on the 
sale of, such a Security is a tax-free private capital gain, a non-tax-deductible private 
capital loss, respectively. 
• 
Transparent derivative financial instruments with a predominant one-time interest 
payment: If the embedded bond is recorded separately from the embedded derivative 
financial instrument(s) or if the values of the embedded bond and the embedded 
derivative financial instrument(s) can be determined analytically (as described above) 
and if the yield-to-maturity predominantly derives from a one-time interest payment such 
as an original issue discount or a repayment premium and not from periodic interest 
payments, then a person who is an individual resident in Switzerland holding such a 
Security as a private asset, is required to include any periodic interest payments received 
on the Security and, in addition, any amount equal to the difference between the value of 
the Security at redemption or sale, as applicable, and its value at issuance or secondary 
market purchase, as applicable, converted in each case into Swiss Francs at the exchange 
rate prevailing at the time of sale or redemption, issuance or purchase, respectively, in 
his or her personal income tax return for the relevant tax period and will be taxable on 
any net taxable income (including such amounts, i.e., including, inter alia, any gain in 
respect of interest accrued, interest rate or foreign exchange rate) for the relevant tax 
period. Any compensation received by such a holder for the embedded derivative, i.e., 
option premium received under, and any residual gain, and a loss, respectively, realised 
on the sale of, such a Security is a tax-free private capital gain, a non-tax-deductible 
private capital loss, respectively. Notwithstanding the foregoing, such a holder may 
offset any decrease in value realised by him or her within the same taxation period on 
sale or redemption of such a Security against any gain (including periodic interest 
payments) realised by him or her from other Securities with a predominant one-time 
interest payment. 
(c) 
Bonds 
Bonds without a predominant one-time interest payment: If a Security classifies for tax purposes 
as a straight bond, i.e. as an instrument without derivative financial instrument(s) embedded in 
such Security, and if such Security does not include a predominant one-time interest payment 
(i.e., its yield-to-maturity predominantly derives from periodic interest payments and not from 
a one-time interest payment such as an original issue discount or a repayment premium), then a 
person who is an individual resident in Switzerland holding such a Security as a private asset is 
required to include any periodic and one-time interest payments received on such Security, 
converted into Swiss Francs at the exchange rate prevailing at the time of payment, in his or her 
personal income tax return for the relevant tax period and is taxable on any net taxable income

--- Page 318 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
290 
 
(including such amounts) for the relevant tax period. A gain, including, inter alia, in respect of 
interest accrued or interest rate or foreign exchange rate, a loss, respectively, realised on the sale 
of such a Security is a tax-free private capital gain, a non-tax-deductible private capital loss, 
respectively. 
Bonds with a predominant one-time interest payment: If a Security classifies for tax purposes 
as straight bond, i.e. as instrument without derivative financial instruments embedded in such 
Security, and if such Security includes a predominant one-time interest payment (i.e., its yield-
to-maturity predominantly derives from a one-time interest payment such as an original issue 
discount or a repayment premium and not from periodic interest payments), then a person who 
is an individual resident in Switzerland holding such a Security as a private asset, is required to 
include any periodic interest payments received on the Security and, in addition, any amount 
equal to the difference between the value of the Security at redemption or sale, as applicable, 
and its value at issuance or secondary market purchase, as applicable, converted in each case 
into Swiss Francs at the exchange rate prevailing at the time of sale or redemption, issuance or 
purchase, respectively, in his or her personal income tax return for the relevant tax period and 
will be taxable on any net taxable income (including such amounts, i.e., including, inter alia, 
any gain in respect of interest accrued, interest rate or foreign exchange rate) for the relevant 
tax period. Notwithstanding the above, such a holder may offset any decrease in value realised 
by him or her within the same taxation period on sale or redemption of such a Security against 
any gain (including periodic interest payments) realised by him or her from other Securities with 
a predominant one-time interest payment. 
(d) 
Fund-like Securities 
A Security which is classified as fund-like instrument will be considered a pass-through 
instrument for Swiss tax purposes if dividend and interest income (less attributable costs) from, 
and capital gains and losses (less costs attributable) realised on, the underlying investments, are 
reported and distributed separately. Under such conditions, an individual holding a fund-like 
Security as part of his or her private assets receives taxable income (which he or she must report 
annually) over such portion of distributions (in case the fund is distributing the income realised 
on the underlying investments) or credits (in case the fund is reinvesting the income realised on 
the underlying investment) as derive from dividends and interest (less attributable costs) on the 
underlying instruments. Any distributions or credits deriving from capital gains realised on the 
underlying investments constitute a tax-free private capital gain, and any respective loss a non-
tax-deductible private capital loss. Any gain realised within a taxation period on the sale of a 
fund-like Security (including accrued dividends and interest) is exempt from income taxation 
as a private capital gain, and, conversely, any loss realised on such a Security a non-tax-
deductible capital loss. 
Securities held as Assets of a Swiss Business (including deemed Professional Securities Dealers) 
Corporate entities and individuals who hold Securities as part of a trade or business in Switzerland, in 
the case of residents abroad carried on through a permanent establishment or a fixed place of business in 
Switzerland, are required to recognise any payments on, and any capital gains or losses realised on the 
sale or redemption of, such Securities (irrespective of their classification) in their income statement for 
the respective taxation period and will be taxed on any net taxable earnings for such period. 
The same taxation treatment also applies to Swiss-resident individuals who for income tax purposes, are 
classified as "professional Securities dealers" for reasons of, inter alia, frequent dealing and leveraged 
investments in Securities. 
Swiss Facilitation of the Implementation of the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Switzerland has concluded an intergovernmental agreement with the U.S. to facilitate the implementation 
of FATCA. The agreement ensures that the accounts held by U.S. persons with Swiss financial 
institutions are disclosed to the U.S. tax authorities either with the consent of the account holder or by 
means of group requests within the scope of administrative assistance. Information will not be transferred 
automatically in the absence of consent, and instead will be exchanged only within the scope of 
administrative assistance on the basis of the double taxation agreement between the U.S. and Switzerland. 
On 8 October 2014, the Swiss Federal Council approved a mandate for negotiations with the U.S. on

--- Page 319 ---
TAXATION OF SECURITIES 
291 
 
changing the current direct-notification-based regime to a regime where the relevant information is sent 
to the Swiss Federal Tax Administration, which in turn provides the information to the U.S. tax 
authorities.  
Automatic Exchange of Information in Tax Matters 
On November 19, 2014, Switzerland signed the Multilateral Competent Authority Agreement (the 
"MCAA"). The MCAA is based on article 6 of the OECD/Council of Europe administrative assistance 
convention and is intended to ensure the uniform implementation of Automatic Exchange of Information 
(the "AEOI"). The Federal Act on the International Automatic Exchange of Information in Tax Matters 
(the "AEOI Act") entered into force on January 1, 2017. The AEOI Act is the legal basis for the 
implementation of the AEOI standard in Switzerland. 
The AEOI is being introduced in Switzerland through bilateral agreements or multilateral agreements. 
The agreements have, and will be, concluded on the basis of guaranteed reciprocity, compliance with the 
principle of speciality (i.e. the information exchanged may only be used to assess and levy taxes (and for 
criminal tax proceedings)) and adequate data protection. 
Based on such multilateral or bilateral agreements and the implementing laws of Switzerland, 
Switzerland exchanges data in respect of financial assets, including, as the case may be, Securities, held 
in, and income derived thereon and credited to, accounts or deposits with a paying agent in Switzerland 
for the benefit of individuals resident in a EU Member State or in a treaty state. 
THE PROPOSED FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS TAX ("FTT")  
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's Proposal") 
for a Directive for a common FTT which is now being considered by Belgium, Germany, Greece, Spain, 
France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in 
Securities (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market 
transactions referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within 
and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Securities 
where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating 
Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be "established" in a participating Member 
State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a 
participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued 
in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate and/or participating Member States may decide to withdraw. 
At the ECOFIN Council meeting of 14 June 2019, a state of play of the work on the FTT was presented 
on the basis of a note prepared by Germany on 7 June 2019 indicating a consensus among the 
participating Member States to continue negotiations on the basis of a joint French-German proposal 
based on the French financial transactions tax model which in principle would only concern shares of 
listed companies whose head office is in a Member State of the European Union. However, such proposal 
is still subject to change until a final approval. 
Prospective holders of Securities are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 320 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE PREFERENCE SHARES AND THE PREFERENCE SHARE COMPANY 
292 
 
SECTION F.9 – DESCRIPTION OF THE PREFERENCE SHARES AND THE PREFERENCE 
SHARE COMPANY 
The issuer of the Preference Shares is Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. (CGMFL 
or the Preference Share Company). CGMFL is also an issuer under the Programme and a description 
of CGMFL is set out in the section entitled "Description of Citigroup Global Markets Funding 
Luxembourg S.C.A." above. 
Preference Shares will be issued from time to time in different Classes (each a Class). 
Each issue of Preference Share Linked Securities will give exposure to the performance of a separate 
Class of Preference Shares that in turn have a defined return which will depend on the exposure to one 
or more Preference Share Underlying(s). It is expected that the Preference Share Company will only 
issue a small number of Preference Shares of each Class and that, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, these will be issued fully paid at GBP1.00 each and will be held by Citigroup 
Global Markets Limited or another affiliate of the Issuer until their redemption date. 
A copy of the Preference Share Company's constitutional documents and the terms and conditions of 
each Class of Preference Share (the Preference Share Terms and Conditions) are available to investors 
in the Securities on written request (free of charge) from the registered office of the Preference Share 
Company at 31, Z.A. Bourmicht, L-8070 Bertrange, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and from the 
distributor of the relevant Securities. If specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Preference Share Terms 
and Conditions of the relevant Class of preference shares will also be available on the website specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
The Preference Share Company may issue redeemable Preference Shares of any kind, including but not 
limited to Preference Shares which have a defined return dependant on the performance of one or more 
underlying asset(s) or reference basis(es) (each a Preference Share Underlying) (which may include, 
but will not be limited to, one or more security indices, one or more commodity indices, one or more 
commodities, one or more shares, one or more depositary receipts, one or more exchange traded fund 
shares, one or more mutual fund interests or one or more currency exchange rates) and will be issued on 
such terms as may be determined by the Preference Share Company and specified in the applicable terms 
and conditions of the relevant Class of Preference Shares. 
The Preference Share Terms and Conditions of each Class provide that the applicable preference shares 
will be redeemable on their final redemption date at a defined amount as determined in accordance with 
the relevant Preference Share Terms and Conditions. The Preference Share Terms and Conditions may 
also provide that the Preference Share Company may redeem the Preference Shares early if: 
(i) 
the performance of the Preference Share Company's obligations under the Preference 
Shares has or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited for any reason; or 
(ii) 
a change in applicable law or regulation occurs that results, or will result, in the 
Preference Share Company being required to be regulated by any additional regulatory 
authority, or being subject to any materially onerous additional legal requirement or 
regulation or tax; or 
(iii) 
an early redemption event in respect of a Preference Share Underlying occurs; or 
(iv) 
a financial product issued by the Preference Share Company or any of its affiliates any 
proportion of the return on which matches the return on the Preference Shares or is 
otherwise dependent on the value of the Preference Shares, has or will become subject 
to early redemption or is or will be cancelled. 
The conditions of the Preference Shares contain provisions relating to early redemption events and 
adjustment events relating to the Preference Share Underlying(s) to which the relevant Preference Shares 
give investment exposure. Such early redemption events and adjustment events are substantially similar 
to the provisions relating to the equivalent type of Underlying contained in the Underlying Schedules of 
the Conditions of the Securities and consequently, investors should also read the considerations relating 
to Securities linked to the relevant Underlying(s) in these risk factors in order to fully understand the 
provisions relating to such Underlying(s) (and consequently the Preference Share Underlying(s)) and the 
associated risks.

--- Page 321 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE PREFERENCE SHARES AND THE PREFERENCE SHARE COMPANY 
293 
 
If the Preference Shares are redeemed early pursuant to the above, the Issuer will notify holders of the 
Securities in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices) and each Security will be redeemed at its 
Early Redemption Amount determined as specified in Preference Share Conditions 6(d) (Early 
Redemption for tax reasons or illegality, following an Event of Default or following an Early Redemption 
Event and the Early Redemption Amount) and 6(e) (Realisation Disruption). 
The value of the Preference Shares is scheduled to be published on each scheduled trading day on the 
Electronic Page specified in the relevant Issue Terms or on such other information source as may be 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
The value of the Preference Shares depends on the Preference Share Terms and Conditions of the relevant 
Class, the performance of the Preference Share Underlying(s) to which the relevant Preference Shares 
give investment exposure and the financial condition and standing of the Preference Share Company. In 
determining the value of the Preference Shares, the Calculation Agent shall employ the calculation 
procedure and methodology set out in the applicable Preference Share Terms and Conditions. Investors 
should review the Preference Share Terms and Conditions to ensure that they understand how the defined 
return and performance of the Preference Share Underlying(s) will affect the value of the Preference 
Shares and, therefore, the return on the Securities.

--- Page 322 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
294 
 
SECTION G – TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
CONTENTS OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
1. 
Type of Security ............................................................................................................ 301 
2. 
Form, Denomination and Title ...................................................................................... 301 
3. 
Exchanges and Transfers of Securities .......................................................................... 304 
4. 
Status ............................................................................................................................. 307 
5. 
Interest ........................................................................................................................... 307 
6. 
Redemption and Purchase ............................................................................................. 307 
7. 
Exercise Rights in respect of Certificates ...................................................................... 317 
8. 
Payments ....................................................................................................................... 320 
9. 
Taxation ........................................................................................................................ 324 
10. 
Prescription ................................................................................................................... 328 
11. 
Events of Default........................................................................................................... 328 
12. 
Meetings of Securityholders, Modifications, Determinations and Rounding ............... 331 
13. 
Replacement of Securities ............................................................................................. 343 
14. 
Further Issues ................................................................................................................ 344 
15. 
Notices .......................................................................................................................... 344 
16. 
Consolidation or Merger ............................................................................................... 346 
17. 
Substitution of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor ............ 347 
18. 
Redenomination ............................................................................................................ 351 
19. 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction ............................................................ 352 
20. 
Rights of Third Parties .................................................................................................. 354 
21. 
Definitions ..................................................................................................................... 354 
22. 
Italian Listed Certificates .............................................................................................. 355 
23. 
Acknowledgement of the United States Special Resolution Regimes .......................... 355 
24. 
Agreement and Acknowledgement with Respect to the Exercise of the Bail-in Power in 
Respect of Securities Issued by CGMFL ...................................................................... 356 
UNDERLYING 
 SCHEDULE 1 – SECURITY INDEX CONDITIONS .............................................................. 358 
1. 
Definitions ..................................................................................................................... 358 
2. 
Valuation ....................................................................................................................... 360 
3. 
Disruption To Valuation................................................................................................ 360 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events ...................................................................................... 362 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events ............................................................................ 363 
6. 
Additional Provisions .................................................................................................... 363 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 2 – INFLATION INDEX CONDITIONS .................................. 367 
1. 
Definitions ..................................................................................................................... 367 
2. 
Valuation ....................................................................................................................... 367 
3. 
Disruption To Valuation................................................................................................ 368 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events ...................................................................................... 368 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events ............................................................................ 369 
6. 
Additional Provisions .................................................................................................... 369 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 3 – COMMODITY INDEX CONDITIONS .............................. 372 
1. 
Definitions ..................................................................................................................... 372 
2. 
Valuation ....................................................................................................................... 373 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation ................................................................................................. 373 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events ...................................................................................... 375 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events ............................................................................ 375 
6. 
Additional Provisions .................................................................................................... 375 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 4 – COMMODITY CONDITIONS ............................................ 378 
1. 
Definitions ..................................................................................................................... 378 
2. 
Valuation ....................................................................................................................... 381 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation ................................................................................................. 381 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events ...................................................................................... 382 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events ............................................................................ 382 
6. 
Additional Provisions .................................................................................................... 382 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 5 – SHARE CONDITIONS ........................................................ 383 
1. 
Definitions ..................................................................................................................... 383

--- Page 323 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
295 
 
2. 
Valuation ....................................................................................................................... 384 
3. 
Disruption To Valuation................................................................................................ 384 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events ...................................................................................... 385 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events ............................................................................ 388 
6. 
Additional Provisions .................................................................................................... 388 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 6 – DEPOSITARY RECEIPT CONDITIONS ........................... 390 
1. 
Definitions ..................................................................................................................... 390 
2. 
Valuation ....................................................................................................................... 392 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation ................................................................................................. 392 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events ...................................................................................... 394 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events ............................................................................ 397 
6. 
Additional Provisions .................................................................................................... 397 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 7 – EXCHANGE-TRADED FUND (ETF) SHARE CONDITIONS
 ..................................................................................................................................................... 400 
1. 
Definitions ..................................................................................................................... 400 
2. 
Valuation ....................................................................................................................... 401 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation ................................................................................................. 401 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events ...................................................................................... 402 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events ............................................................................ 405 
6. 
Additional Provisions .................................................................................................... 405 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 8 – MUTUAL FUND CONDITIONS ........................................ 407 
1. 
Definitions ..................................................................................................................... 407 
2. 
Valuation ....................................................................................................................... 410 
3. 
Disruption To Valuation................................................................................................ 410 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events ...................................................................................... 410 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events ............................................................................ 413 
6. 
Additional Provisions .................................................................................................... 413 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 9 – FX RATE CONDITIONS .................................................... 415 
1. 
Definitions ..................................................................................................................... 415 
2. 
Valuation ....................................................................................................................... 416 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation ................................................................................................. 416 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events ...................................................................................... 418 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events ............................................................................ 418 
6. 
Additional Provisions .................................................................................................... 418 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 10 – WARRANT CONDITIONS ............................................... 426 
1. 
Definitions ..................................................................................................................... 426 
2. 
Valuation ....................................................................................................................... 426 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation ................................................................................................. 426 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events ...................................................................................... 426 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events ............................................................................ 426 
6. 
Additional Provisions .................................................................................................... 426 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 11 – PROPRIETARY INDEX CONDITIONS .......................... 427 
1. 
Definitions ..................................................................................................................... 427 
2. 
Valuation ....................................................................................................................... 427 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation ................................................................................................. 428 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events ...................................................................................... 428 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events ............................................................................ 428 
6. 
Additional Provisions .................................................................................................... 428 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 12 – DIVIDEND FUTURES CONTRACT CONDITIONS ...... 431 
1. 
Definitions ..................................................................................................................... 431 
2. 
Valuation ....................................................................................................................... 431 
3. 
Disruption To Valuation................................................................................................ 432 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events ...................................................................................... 432 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events ............................................................................ 432 
6. 
Additional Provisions .................................................................................................... 432 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – RATE CONDITIONS ........................................................ 435 
1. 
Definitions ..................................................................................................................... 435 
2. 
Valuation ....................................................................................................................... 435 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation ................................................................................................. 435 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events ...................................................................................... 435

--- Page 324 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
296 
 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events ............................................................................ 435 
6. 
Additional Provisions .................................................................................................... 436 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – PREFERENCE SHARE CONDITIONS ............................ 439 
1. 
Definitions ..................................................................................................................... 439 
2. 
Valuation ....................................................................................................................... 439 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation ................................................................................................. 439 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events ...................................................................................... 439 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events ............................................................................ 439 
6. 
Additional Provisions .................................................................................................... 441 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS ..................................... 444 
1. 
Redemption of Credit Linked Notes ............................................................................. 483 
2. 
Interest on Credit Linked Notes .................................................................................... 485 
3. 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes................................................................................. 488 
4. 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes .................................................................. 492 
5. 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes ............................................................................... 495 
6. 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes ......................................................................... 499 
7. 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes ............................................................................ 503 
8. 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes ....................................................................... 506 
9. 
Local Access Credit Linked Notes ................................................................................ 510 
10. 
Credit Event Notice, Risk Event Notice and Notice of Publicly Available Information
....................................................................................................................................... 514 
11. 
Relevant Time ............................................................................................................... 514 
12. 
Event Determination Date - Adjustment Payment and Ordering of Events .................. 515 
13. 
Scheduled Maturity Date Extension .............................................................................. 516 
14. 
M(M)R Restructuring .................................................................................................... 516 
15. 
Auction Redemption Terms .......................................................................................... 519 
16. 
Cash Redemption Terms ............................................................................................... 520 
17. 
Physical Redemption Terms .......................................................................................... 521 
18. 
Fixed Recovery Redemption Terms .............................................................................. 532 
19. 
Redemption upon Merger Event ................................................................................... 533 
20. 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event ................................................................................... 533 
21. 
Effect of DC Resolutions .............................................................................................. 534 
22. 
Successor Provisions ..................................................................................................... 535 
23. 
Deliverable Obligations................................................................................................. 545 
24. 
Reference Obligation .................................................................................................... 546 
25. 
Calculation Agent Determination .................................................................................. 549 
26. 
Notices .......................................................................................................................... 550 
27. 
Interpretation of Obligation Characteristics and Deliverable Obligation Characteristics
....................................................................................................................................... 552 
28. 
No frustration ................................................................................................................ 553 
29. 
Definitions ..................................................................................................................... 553 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 16 – INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS .......................................... 619 
1. 
Principal and Interest Payouts on Index Skew Notes .................................................... 619 
2. 
Entry into an Index Skew Position ................................................................................ 620 
3. 
Initial Payment and Offsetting Settlements ................................................................... 620 
4. 
Applicable Event Determination Date .......................................................................... 621 
5. 
Cash Settlement ............................................................................................................. 621 
6. 
Merger of Reference Entity and Seller .......................................................................... 621 
7. 
Deemed M(M)R Restructuring ..................................................................................... 621 
8. 
Successors ..................................................................................................................... 621 
9. 
Reference Obligations ................................................................................................... 621 
10. 
Changes in determination .............................................................................................. 622 
11. 
Deemed changes to the Index Annex ............................................................................ 622 
12. 
Optional Early Redemption ........................................................................................... 622 
13. 
Definitions ..................................................................................................................... 622 
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE ................................................................... 626 
1. 
Interest and Redemption Provisions .............................................................................. 626 
2. 
Underlying Valuation Provisions .................................................................................. 746 
3. 
Redemption or adjustment for an Administrator/Benchmark Event ............................. 756

--- Page 325 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
297 
 
4. 
Fixed Rate, Floating Rate, CMS Rate and Spread Rate Interest Amounts and Range 
Accrual (Expanded) Provisions ..................................................................................... 757 
5. 
Physical Delivery Securities .......................................................................................... 788 
6. 
Dual Currency Security Provisions ............................................................................... 796 
7. 
Reference Rate Event Provisions .................................................................................. 796 
8. 
USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions ................................................................................. 799 
9. 
Hierarchy Provisions and Adjustments ......................................................................... 804 
 
 
Except as indicated below, the following is the text of the terms and conditions of the Securities which 
will include the general conditions of the Securities together with additional terms and conditions 
contained (i) in the case of Security Index Linked Securities only, in Underlying Schedule 1, (ii) in the 
case of Inflation Index Linked Securities only, in Underlying Schedule 2, (iii) in the case of Commodity 
Index Linked Securities only, in Underlying Schedule 3, (iv) in the case of Commodity Linked Securities 
only, in Underlying Schedule 4, (v) in the case of Share Linked Securities only, in Underlying Schedule 
5, (vi) in the case of Depositary Receipt Linked Securities only, in Underlying Schedule 6, (vii) in the 
case of ETF Linked Securities only, in Underlying Schedule 7, (viii) in the case of Mutual Fund Linked 
Securities only, in Underlying Schedule 8, (ix) in the case of FX Rate Linked Securities only, in 
Underlying Schedule 9, (x) in the case of Warrant Linked Securities only, in Underlying Schedule 10, 
(xi) in the case of Proprietary Index Linked Securities only, in Underlying Schedule 11, (xii) in the case 
of Dividend Futures Contract Linked Securities only, in Underlying Schedule 12, (xiii) in the case of 
Rate Linked Securities only, in Underlying Schedule 13, (xiv) in the case of Preference Share Linked 
Securities only, in Underlying Schedule 14, (xv) in the case of Credit Linked Notes only, in Underlying 
Schedule 15, (xvi) in the case of Index Skew Notes only, in Underlying Schedule 16 (each of Underlying 
Schedules 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15 and 16, an Underlying Schedule and together, 
the Underlying Schedules) and (xvii) in the case of all Securities, the Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
(the Underlying Schedules together with the Valuation and Settlement Schedule, the Schedules and each, 
a Schedule) and, in relation to any tranche of Securities, as completed, modified and/or supplemented, 
as applicable, by the information set out in the applicable Issue Terms (as defined below).

--- Page 326 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
298 
 
SECTION G.1 – GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
References in these General Conditions (the General Conditions) and in the applicable Underlying 
Schedules to the Securities shall be references to the Securities of this Series, which shall be: (i) English 
Law Securities (which Securities, for the avoidance of doubt, include French Cleared Securities) and/or 
Irish Law Securities, and shall mean (a) in relation to any Registered Securities (as defined below) 
represented by a global Security (a Global Registered Security Certificate), units of each Specified 
Denomination (in the case of Notes) or individual Securities in the case of Certificates, in each case in 
the Specified Currency in the case of Notes; (b) any Global Registered Security Certificate; (c) any 
definitive Registered Securities (Registered Security Certificates) whether or not issued in exchange 
for a Global Registered Security Certificate; (d) in relation to any Swedish Security, units of each 
Specified Denomination (in the case of Notes) or individual Securities in the case of Certificates, in each 
case in the Specified Currency in the case of Notes and (e) in relation to any Finnish Security, units of 
each Specified Denomination (in the case of Notes) or individual Securities in the case of Certificates, 
in each case in the Specified Currency in the case of Notes, or (ii) French Law Securities which shall 
mean units of each Specified Denomination (in the case of such Notes). Whether the Securities are 
English Law Securities, Irish Law Securities or French Law Securities, and whether they are of the form 
of Registered Securities, Bearer Securities, Swedish Securities or Finnish Securities will be specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms but one such form of Securities cannot be exchanged for another. 
Securities are issued in Series and each Series may comprise one or more Tranches of Securities. As used 
herein, Tranche means Securities which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission 
to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Securities together with any further Tranche or Tranches of 
Securities which are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) identical in all 
respects (including as to listing and admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest 
Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
Each Tranche is the subject of a Final Terms document (the Final Terms) or, in the case of Securities 
which are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered 
in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under 
the Prospectus Regulation (Exempt Securities), a pricing supplement (the Pricing Supplement) which, 
in the case of the Final Terms, completes or, in the case of the Pricing Supplement, completes, modifies 
and/or supplements the General Conditions and the applicable Schedule(s). In the event of any 
inconsistency between (i) the General Conditions and the applicable Schedule(s) and (ii) the applicable 
Issue Terms (as defined below), the applicable Issue Terms shall prevail. References in these General 
Conditions to a Condition shall be deemed to be a reference to a Condition of the General Conditions, 
unless otherwise specified. For the purposes hereof, Issue Terms means either (i) where the Securities 
are not Exempt Securities, the applicable Final Terms or (ii) where the Securities are Exempt Securities, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement, and references should be construed accordingly. For the purposes of 
the Conditions, references to the European Economic Area include the United Kingdom. 
The terms and conditions of a Tranche of Securities (the Terms and Conditions) means, in relation to 
any Tranche of Securities, the General Conditions together with the additional terms and conditions 
contained in (i) in the case of all Securities, the Valuation and Settlement Schedule, and (ii) in the case 
of Security Index Linked Securities only, Underlying Schedule 1, (iii) in the case of Inflation Index 
Linked Securities only, Underlying Schedule 2, (iv) in the case of Commodity Index Linked Securities 
only, Underlying Schedule 3, (v) in the case of Commodity Linked Securities only, Underlying Schedule 
4, (vi) in the case of Share Linked Securities only, Underlying Schedule 5, (vii) in the case of Depositary 
Receipt Linked Securities only, Underlying Schedule 6, (viii) in the case of ETF Linked Securities only, 
Underlying Schedule 7, (ix) in the case of Mutual Fund Linked Securities only, Underlying Schedule 8, 
(x) in the case of FX Rate Linked Securities only, Underlying Schedule 9, (xi) in the case of Warrant 
Linked Securities only, Underlying Schedule 10, (xii) in the case of Proprietary Index Linked Securities 
only, Underlying Schedule 11, (xiii) in the case of Dividend Futures Contract Linked Securities only, 
Underlying Schedule 12 (xiv) in the case of Rate Linked Securities only, Underlying Schedule 13, (xv) 
in the case of Preference Share Linked Securities only, Underlying Schedule 14, (xvi) in the case of 
Credit Linked Notes only, Underlying Schedule 15, and (xvii) in the case of Index Skew Notes only, 
Underlying Schedule 16. The conditions of a Tranche of Securities (the Conditions) means, in relation 
to any Tranche of Securities, the Terms and Conditions as completed or, (in the case of Exempt 
Securities) completed, modified and/or supplemented, as applicable, by the information set out in the 
applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 327 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
299 
 
The Securities (other than Swedish Securities and Finnish Securities, except as provided herein) are 
issued pursuant to the amended and restated Fiscal Agency Agreement dated 11 December 2020 (as 
further amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Fiscal Agency Agreement) 
between, inter alia, Citigroup Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. (CGMHI) and Citigroup 
Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. (CGMFL) each as an issuer, Citigroup Inc. as guarantor 
in respect of Securities issued by CGMHI where it is specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms (in 
its capacity as such guarantor, the CGMHI Guarantor), Citigroup Global Markets Limited (CGML) as 
guarantor in respect of Securities issued by CGMFL where it is specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms (in its capacity as such guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor), Citibank, N.A., London branch as 
issuing agent and fiscal agent (in such capacity, the Fiscal Agent, which expression shall include any 
successor fiscal agent and together with any other paying agent from time to time, the Paying Agents, 
which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents) and as principal paying agent, 
Citibank Europe plc as registrar (in such capacity, the Registrar, which expression shall include any 
successor registrar) and as a transfer agent (in such capacity, a Transfer Agent, which expression shall 
include any additional or successor transfer agent), Citibank Europe plc as French Cleared Securities and 
French Law Securities issuing and paying agent (the French Securities Issuing and Paying Agent, 
which expression shall include any successor French Cleared Securities and French Law Securities 
issuing and paying agent), and the Fiscal Agent, the Registrar (if applicable), all Paying Agents, all 
Transfer Agents (if applicable), the French Securities Issuing and Paying Agent and (if applicable) the 
French Law Securities Registration Agent (as defined below) are together referred to herein as the 
Agents) and Citibank, N.A. as calculation agent if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms (in such 
capacity, the Calculation Agent, which expression shall include any successor calculation agent or such 
other entity as may be specified as the Calculation Agent in the applicable Issue Terms) and as exchange 
agent (in such capacity, the Exchange Agent, which expression shall include any successor exchange 
agent).  
The Issuers may determine to appoint a securities registration agent in respect of French Law Securities 
under the Programme (any such appointed entity, the French Law Securities Registration Agent, 
which expression shall include any successor French Law Securities registration agent), but shall be 
under no obligation to do so. Where no French Law Securities Registration Agent has been appointed, 
all references to the French Law Securities Registration Agent herein shall be deemed to be references 
to the relevant Issuer of the French Law Securities as the context may require. 
The only provisions of the Fiscal Agency Agreement applicable to the Swedish Securities and the Finnish 
Securities are those in Clauses 2.2, 16, 20, 26, 27 and 28 and Schedule 5 (Provisions for Meetings of 
Securityholders) and Clauses 21, 22 and 23 in relation to the appointment of the Calculation Agent only. 
In relation to any Series, Citigroup Inc., CGMHI or CGMFL will be the Issuer thereof as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and references in the Conditions to "the Issuer" shall be to whichever of Citigroup 
Inc., CGMHI or CGMFL is so specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Any English Law Securities (other than Swedish Securities and Finnish Securities) issued by Citigroup 
Inc. are issued with the benefit of a Deed of Covenant dated 15 December 2017 (as amended, 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Citigroup Inc. Deed of Covenant) executed by 
Citigroup Inc. in relation to such Securities. Any English Law Securities and/or Irish Law Securities 
(other than Swedish Securities and Finnish Securities) issued by CGMHI are issued with the benefit of a 
Deed of Covenant dated 11 December 2020 (as amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to 
time, the CGMHI Deed of Covenant) executed by CGMHI in relation to such Securities. Any English 
Law Securities and/or Irish Law Securities (other than Swedish Securities and Finnish Securities) issued 
by CGMFL are issued with the benefit of a Deed of Covenant dated 11 December 2020 (as amended, 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the CGMFL Deed of Covenant and, together with the 
Citigroup Inc. Deed of Covenant and the CGMHI Deed of Covenant, the Deeds of Covenant and 
references herein to the relevant Deed of Covenant shall mean the Citigroup Inc. Deed of Covenant 
where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc., the CGMHI Deed of Covenant where the Issuer is CGMHI, and the 
CGMFL Deed of Covenant where the Issuer is CGMFL) executed by CGMFL in relation to such 
Securities.  
Securities issued by CGMHI are, where Citigroup Inc. is specified as the guarantor in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the subject of a Deed of Guarantee (as amended, supplemented and/or restated from time 
to time, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee), dated 21 December 2015 executed by the CGMHI Guarantor.  
Securities issued by CGMFL are, where CGML is specified as the guarantor in the applicable Issue

--- Page 328 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
300 
 
Terms, the subject of a Deed of Guarantee (as amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to time, 
the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee), dated 25 January 2019 executed by the CGMFL Guarantor.  
Securities issued by Citigroup Inc. and CGMFL are not guaranteed by the CGMHI Guarantor and are 
not the subject of the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and references to the CGMHI Guarantor and the 
CGMHI Deed of Guarantee shall be ignored in relation to the Securities issued by Citigroup Inc. and 
CGMFL and the Conditions shall be construed accordingly. 
Securities issued by Citigroup Inc. and CGMHI are not guaranteed by the CGMFL Guarantor and are 
not the subject of the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee and references to the CGMFL Guarantor and the 
CGMFL Deed of Guarantee shall be ignored in relation to Securities issued by Citigroup Inc. and 
CGMHI and the Conditions shall be construed accordingly. 
The holders of the Securities are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement applicable to them. 
Copies of the Fiscal Agency Agreement, the Deeds of Covenant, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and the 
CGMFL Deed of Guarantee are obtainable free of charge during normal business hours at the specified 
office of each of the Paying Agents. Copies of the applicable Final Terms are obtainable during normal 
business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. If the Securities are not admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation on any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system and are 
not publicly offered, the applicable Pricing Supplement will only be obtainable by a Securityholder 
during normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents holding one or more 
of the Securities if such Securityholder produces evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant 
Paying Agent as to its holding of such Securities and identity. 
The Valuation and Settlement Schedule and applicable Issue Terms will specify whether settlement shall 
be by way of cash payment (Cash Settled Securities) or by physical delivery (Physical Delivery 
Securities). Certificates issued by CGMFL may only be Cash Settled Securities. 
Swedish Securities will be issued pursuant an issuer agreement with Euroclear Sweden AB ("Euroclear 
Sweden") and in accordance with the provisions in the Swedish Act on Central Securities Depositaries 
and Financial Instruments Accounts (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring 
av finansiella instrument) and the rules, regulations (including but not limited to the Regulation (EU) No 
909/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 23 July 2014 on improving securities 
settlement in the European Union and on central securities depositories and amending Directives 
98/26/EC and 2014/65/EU and Regulation (EU) No 236/2012) and operating procedures applicable to 
and/or issued by Euroclear Sweden, as amended from time to time (together the "Swedish CSD Rules"). 
In connection therewith (i) in respect of Swedish Securities issued by CGMFL, CGMFL has entered into 
an amended and restated Swedish agency agreement dated 11 December 2020 and (ii) in respect of 
Swedish Securities issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI, Citigroup Inc. and CGMHI will enter into a 
Swedish agency agreement (in any such case and as any such agreement is amended, supplemented 
and/or restated from time to time, a "Swedish Agency Agreement") with Citibank Europe Plc (Sweden 
Branch) (the "Swedish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent, which expression shall include any 
successor Swedish Securities issuing and paying agent). Any references in the Conditions to "Fiscal 
Agency Agreement" shall be deemed to include, where the context so admits, reference to the relevant 
Swedish Agency Agreement. Copies of each Swedish Agency Agreement are or will be obtainable free 
of charge during normal business hours at the specified office of the Swedish Securities Issuing and 
Paying Agent. The holders of the Swedish Securities are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions 
of the Swedish Agency Agreement applicable to them.  
Finnish Securities will be issued and governed by a Finnish Securities issuing and paying agency 
agreement (as amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Finnish Securities Issuing 
and Paying Agency Agreement) to be entered into between, inter alios, the Issuer and Nordea Bank 
Abp as Finnish Securities issuing and paying agent (in such capacity the Finnish Securities Issuing and 
Paying Agent, which expression shall include any successor as Finnish Securities issuing and paying 
agent and such successor shall be duly authorised under the Finnish Act on the Book-Entry System and 
Clearing Operations (Fin. laki arvo-osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta (348/2017, as amended)). 
Any references in the Conditions to "Fiscal Agency Agreement" shall be deemed to include, where the 
context so admits, reference to the Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement. Copies of 
the Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement will be obtainable free of charge during

--- Page 329 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
301 
 
normal business hours at the specified office of the Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent. The 
holders of the Finnish Securities are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the Finnish 
Securities Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement applicable to them.  
All capitalised terms which are not defined in the Terms and Conditions will have the meanings given to 
them in the applicable Issue Terms. 
1. 
Type of Security  
The applicable Issue Terms shall specify whether the Type of Security is Notes (Notes), (in the 
case of Securities issued by CGMFL only) Certificates (Certificates), Notes which are titled 
"Certificates" or Italian Listed Certificates (Italian Listed Certificates).  
In the case of Certificates, Notes that are titled "Certificates" and Italian Listed Certificates, 
where applicable, as used in the Conditions, references to "redemption" and "redeem" shall be 
construed to be to "termination" and "terminate", references to "interest", "Interest Payment 
Date", "Interest Period", "Interest Rate" and "Interest Underlying" (and related expressions) 
shall be construed to be (in the case of Certificates) to "coupon amount", "Coupon Payment 
Date", "Coupon Period", "Coupon Rate" and "Coupon Underlying" or (in the case of Notes that 
are titled "Certificates" and Italian Listed Certificates) to "premium", "Premium Payment Date", 
"Premium Period", "Premium Rate" and "Premium Underlying", and references to "maturity 
date" shall be construed to be to "final termination date", and all related expressions shall be 
construed accordingly. All related expressions herein or in the Fiscal Agency Agreement, any 
Global Registered Security Certificate and any securities in definitive form shall be construed 
accordingly. 
Italian Listed Certificates are intended to be admitted to trading on (i) the multilateral trading 
facility of securitised derivatives financial instruments, organised and managed by Borsa 
Italiana S.p.A. (the "SeDeX") in compliance with SeDeX market Rules (Regolamento del 
mercato SeDeX) as amended from time to time or (ii) on the multilateral trading facility of 
EuroTLX managed by EuroTLX SIM S.p.A. (the EuroTLX) in compliance with the EuroTLX 
Rule Book (Regolamento di EuroTLX) as amended from time to time. Securities issued as Italian 
Listed Certificates may only be issued as Cash Settled Securities. Italian Listed Certificates are 
subject to the terms set out at General Condition 22 below. 
Notwithstanding anything else in the Conditions, French Cleared Securities and French Law 
Securities shall only be in the form of Notes. 
2. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
Subject as provided below, the Securities are issued in registered form (Registered Securities) 
as specified in the applicable Issue Terms and (in the case of Notes) in the Specified 
Denomination(s). All Registered Securities (in the case of Notes) shall have the same Specified 
Denomination. 
Each Registered Security Certificate represents a holding of one or more Registered Securities 
by the same holder (as defined below). 
Subject as provided below, title to any Registered Securities shall pass upon registration of the 
transfer in accordance with the provisions of the Fiscal Agency Agreement and as provided in 
General Condition 3 (Exchanges and Transfers of Securities). Except as ordered by a court of 
competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any Security shall be deemed to be 
and may be treated as the absolute owner of such Securities for the purpose of receiving payment 
thereof or on account thereof and for all other purposes, whether or not such Security shall be 
overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership, theft or loss thereof or any writing 
thereon made by anyone but, in the case of any Global Registered Security Certificate, without 
prejudice to the provisions set out below. 
In the Conditions, holder means, in the case of Registered Securities, the person in whose name 
a Registered Security is registered PROVIDED THAT, in relation to any Securities represented 
by a Global Registered Security Certificate and in relation to Swedish Securities, Finnish 
Securities and French Law Securities, it shall be construed as provided below and

--- Page 330 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
302 
 
Securityholder shall have a correlative meaning and in relation to Swedish Securities, Finnish 
Securities and French Law Securities AND PROVIDED THAT in the case of Registered 
Securities issued by CGMFL, "holder" shall be construed as provided in General Condition 3(b) 
(Transfer of Registered Securities). 
For so long as any of the Securities is represented by a Global Registered Security Certificate 
held on behalf of (i) Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(Clearstream, Luxembourg) or (ii) Euroclear France S.A. (Euroclear France and, such 
Securities, French Cleared Securities), each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (or in the case of French Cleared Securities only, Euroclear France)) who is for 
the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder 
of a particular principal amount or number of such Securities (in which regard any certificate or 
other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (or in the case of French 
Cleared Securities only, Euroclear France) as to the principal amount or number of such 
Securities standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes 
save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, the 
CGMFL Guarantor and the Agents as the holder of such principal amount or number of such 
Securities for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest (if any) 
on such principal amount of such Securities or the termination amount of such Securities, for 
which purpose the registered holder of the relevant Global Registered Security Certificate shall 
be treated by the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor and each Agent as the 
holder of such principal amount or number of such Securities in accordance with and subject to 
the terms of the relevant Global Registered Security Certificate, and the expressions 
Securityholder and holder of Securities and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly. 
For so long as the Depository Trust Company (DTC) or its nominee is the registered owner or 
holder of a Global Registered Security Certificate, DTC or such nominee, as the case may be, 
will be considered the sole owner or holder of the Securities represented by such Global 
Registered Security Certificate for all purposes under the Fiscal Agency Agreement and the 
Securities except to the extent that, in accordance with DTC's published rules and procedures, 
any ownership rights may be exercised by its participants or beneficial owners through 
participants. 
Interests in Securities which are represented by a Global Registered Security Certificate will be 
transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of the Relevant 
Clearing System and in accordance with General Condition 3 (Exchanges and Transfers of 
Securities) below. 
Relevant Clearing System means, as appropriate, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC, 
Euroclear France and/or such other relevant clearing system, as the case may be, through which 
interests in Securities are to be held and through an account at which the Securities are to be 
cleared, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
In the case of Swedish Securities, the following provisions of this General Condition 2 shall 
apply in lieu of the foregoing provisions of this General Condition 2 in the event of any 
inconsistency:  
Swedish Securities are issued in dematerialised uncertificated book-entry form in accordance 
with the Swedish CSD Rules and in the Specified Denomination(s). 
No global or definitive Swedish Securities will be issued and the Conditions shall be construed 
accordingly. The Swedish Securities will be transferable only in accordance with the Swedish 
CSD Rules. 
The person appearing in the register for the Swedish Securities kept by Euroclear Sweden on 
behalf of the Issuer (the Swedish Securities Register) will be treated as the holder of the 
relevant Swedish Securities in accordance with the Swedish CSD Rules and title to the Swedish 
Securities passes only by registration in the Swedish Securities Register. In the Conditions, 
holder, in relation to a Swedish Security, means the person in whose name such Swedish

--- Page 331 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
303 
 
Security is registered in the Swedish Securities Register. Where a nominee (Sw. förvaltare) is 
so evidenced it shall be treated as the holder of the relevant Swedish Security. 
The Issuer shall have access to the register of creditors (Sw. skuldboken) in respect of the 
Swedish Securities, unless the applicable Issue Terms specify that the Issuer shall not have such 
access. 
In the case of Finnish Securities, the following provisions of this General Condition 2 shall 
apply in lieu of the foregoing provisions of this General Condition 2 in the event of any 
inconsistency:  
Notwithstanding the above, the holder of a Finnish Security will be the person in whose name 
such Finnish Security is registered in a book-entry account in the book-entry system of 
Euroclear Finland (including a nominee account holder, as the case may be) in accordance with 
Finnish laws, rules, regulations, decisions and operating procedures applicable to, and/or issued 
by, Euroclear Finland (Euroclear Finland Rules) and the terms Securityholder and holder of 
Securities shall be construed accordingly. Where a nominee is so evidenced it shall be treated 
as the holder of the relevant Finnish Securities. 
Notwithstanding the above, the Issuer may issue Securities in uncertificated and dematerialised 
book entry form (Finnish Securities). No Global Registered Security Certificates representing 
Finnish Securities will be issued and the Conditions of such shall be construed accordingly. 
Finnish Securities will be transferable only in accordance with the provisions of the Finnish Act 
on the Book-Entry Accounts (Fin. laki arvo-osuustileistä (827/1991, as amended)), other 
applicable Finnish legislation and the rules and regulations applicable to, and/or issued by, 
Euroclear Finland. References in the Conditions to Global Registered Security Certificates shall 
not apply to Finnish Securities. 
In the case of French Cleared Securities, the following provisions of this General Condition 2 
shall apply in lieu of the foregoing provisions of this General Condition 2 in the event of any 
inconsistency:  
The French Cleared Securities will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and 
procedures of Euroclear France. 
In the case of French Law Securities, the following provisions of this General Condition 2 shall 
apply in lieu of the foregoing provisions of this General Condition 2 in the event of any 
inconsistency:  
French Law Securities are issued in dematerialised form. French Law Securities must at all 
times be in book-entry form in compliance with Articles L.211–3 and R.211–1 of the French 
Code monétaire et financier. French Law Securities shall constitute "obligations" within the 
meaning of Article L.213–5 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
No global or definitive French Law Securities will be issued and the Conditions shall be 
construed accordingly. The French Law Securities will be transferable only in accordance with 
the rules and procedures of Euroclear France. 
French Law Securities may be issued, at the option of the Issuer, in either: (i) bearer 
dematerialised form (au porteur), which will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France 
which shall credit the accounts of an accountholder (being any authorised financial intermediary 
institution entitled to hold accounts directly or indirectly on behalf of its customers with 
Euroclear France) (the Euroclear France Accountholder); or (ii) in registered dematerialised 
form (au nominatif) and, at the option of the Securityholder in either administered registered 
form (au nominatif administré) inscribed in the books of a Euroclear France Accountholder (and 
mirroring the inscriptions in the books maintained by the Issuer or the French Law Securities 
Registration Agent acting on behalf of the Issuer, if applicable) or in fully registered form (au 
nominatif pur) inscribed in an account held by Euroclear France and in the books maintained by 
the Issuer (or the French Law Securities Registration Agent acting on behalf of the Issuer, if 
applicable).

--- Page 332 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
304 
 
Title to French Law Securities will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211–3 and 
R.211–1 of the French Code monétaire et financier by book entries (inscriptions en compte). 
No physical document of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to Article R.211–7 
of the French Code monétaire et financier) will be issued in respect of French Law Securities, 
save that certificats représentatifs for French Law Securities circulating abroad only may be 
created by Euroclear France.  
In respect of French Law Securities, the holder will be the person whose name appears in the 
account of the Euroclear France Accountholder or of the Issuer or the French Law Securities 
Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to such Securities. 
3. 
Exchanges and Transfers of Securities 
(a) 
Exchange of Securities 
Finnish Securities of one Specified Denomination, as applicable, may not be exchanged for 
Finnish Securities of another Specified Denomination. 
French Law Securities of a Series shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only (and not 
integral multiples of another amount). French Law Securities of one Specified Denomination, 
as applicable, may not be exchanged for French Law Securities of another Specified 
Denomination. 
French Law Securities in bearer form (au porteur) may not be converted for French Law 
Securities in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif), whether in fully registered form (au 
nominatif pur) or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré). 
French Law Securities issued in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) may not be 
converted for French Law Securities in bearer form (au porteur). 
French Law Securities issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the option of 
the Securityholder, be converted into French Law Securities in administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré), and vice versa. The exercise of any such option by such Securityholder 
shall be made in accordance with Article R.211–4 of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
Any such conversion shall be effected at the cost of such Securityholder. 
(b) 
Transfer of Registered Securities 
Subject to General Conditions 3(c) (Transfers of interests in Regulation S Global Registered 
Security Certificates) and 3(d) (Transfers of interests in Rule 144A Global Registered Security 
Certificates) below, if definitive Registered Securities are issued, one or more of such 
Registered Securities may be transferred upon the surrender of the Registered Security 
Certificate representing such Registered Securities to be transferred, together with the form of 
transfer endorsed on such Registered Security Certificate duly completed and executed, at the 
specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent. In the case of a transfer of part only of 
a holding of Registered Securities represented by one Registered Security Certificate, a new 
Registered Security Certificate in respect of the balance not transferred will be issued to the 
transferor. In the case of a transfer of Registered Securities to a person who is already a holder 
of Registered Securities, a new Registered Security Certificate representing the enlarged holding 
shall only be issued against surrender of the Registered Security Certificate representing the 
existing holding. 
Each Security certificate will be numbered serially with an identifying number which will be 
recorded in the Register. 
Subject to General Conditions 3(c) (Transfers of interests in Regulation S Global Registered 
Security Certificates) and 3(d) (Transfers of interests in Rule 144A Global Registered Security 
Certificates) below, transfers of beneficial interests in a Global Registered Security Certificate 
will be effected by the Relevant Clearing System only in accordance with the terms and 
conditions specified in the Fiscal Agency Agreement and, in turn, by other participants and, if 
appropriate, indirect participants in such Relevant Clearing Systems acting on behalf of 
beneficial transferors and transferees of such interests. A beneficial interest in a Global

--- Page 333 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
305 
 
Registered Security Certificate will only be exchangeable for a definitive Registered Security 
Certificate as described in, and subject to, the provision of such Global Registered Security 
Certificate and only in accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the time being of 
the Relevant Clearing System and in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the 
Fiscal Agency Agreement. Transfers of a Global Registered Security Certificate registered in 
the name of a nominee for DTC shall be limited to transfers of such Global Registered Security 
Certificate, in whole but not in part, to another nominee of DTC or to a successor of DTC or 
such successor's nominee. 
(c) 
Transfers of interests in Regulation S Global Registered Security Certificates 
Interests in a Regulation S Global Registered Security Certificate may not be sold, pledged or 
otherwise transferred at any time within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
a U.S. person, other than the Issuer or any affiliate thereof. Furthermore, interests in a 
Regulation S Global Registered Security Certificate may not be held otherwise than through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Each Regulation S Global Registered Security 
Certificate, and any Security issued upon exchange, transfer or replacement of such Regulation 
S Global Registered Security Certificate, shall bear a permanent legend regarding such 
restriction on transfer.  
(d) 
Transfers of interests in Rule 144A Global Registered Security Certificates 
Interests in a Rule 144A Global Registered Security Certificate may not be sold, pledged or 
otherwise transferred at any time other than (i) to the Issuer or any affiliate thereof or (ii) to a 
person the seller reasonably believes to be a QIB purchasing (or holding) the Notes for its own 
account or for the account of one or more QIBs in a transaction meeting the requirements of 
Rule 144A and in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United 
States or any other jurisdiction. Each Rule 144A Global Registered Security Certificate, and any 
Note issued upon exchange, transfer or replacement of such Rule 144A Global Registered 
Security Certificate, shall bear a permanent legend regarding such restriction on transfer. 
(e) 
Definitions 
In the Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have 
the meanings set out below: 
QIB means a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A. 
Regulation S means Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Regulation S Global Registered Security Certificate means a Global Registered Security 
Certificate representing Notes or Certificates sold only in offshore transactions outside the 
United States in reliance on Regulation S. 
Rule 144A means Rule 144A under the Securities Act. 
Rule 144A Global Registered Security Certificate means a Global Registered Security 
Certificate representing Notes sold only to QIBs. 
Securities Act means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
U.S. person has the meaning given to such term under Regulation S. 
(f) 
Partial Redemption in respect of Registered Securities 
In the case of a partial redemption of a holding of Registered Securities represented by a single 
definitive Registered Security Certificate, a new definitive Registered Security Certificate shall 
be issued to the holder to reflect the balance of the holding not redeemed. New Registered 
Security Certificates shall only be issued against surrender of the existing Registered Security 
Certificates to the Registrar or any Transfer Agent. In the case of a partial redemption of a 
holding of Registered Securities represented by a Global Registered Security Certificate, the 
Global Registered Security Certificate shall be endorsed to reflect such partial redemption.

--- Page 334 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
306 
 
(g) 
Delivery of New Registered Security Certificates 
Each new Registered Security Certificate to be issued pursuant to General Condition 3(b) 
(Transfer of Registered Securities) or General Condition 3(f) (Partial Redemption in respect of 
Registered Securities) will, within three business days (being a day, other than a Saturday or 
Sunday, on which banks are open for business in the place of the specified office of the Registrar 
or the Transfer Agent to whom such form of transfer shall have been delivered) of receipt of 
such form of transfer, be available for delivery at the specified office of the Registrar or of the 
Transfer Agent (as the case may be) to whom such delivery shall have been made or, at the 
option of the holder making such delivery as aforesaid and as specified in the relevant form of 
transfer, be mailed at the risk of the holder entitled to the new Registered Security Certificate to 
such address as may be specified in such form of transfer. 
(h) 
Transfer Free of Charge 
In the case of Securities other than Swedish Securities, transfer and registration of Securities 
will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Registrar or the Transfer 
Agents, but will be subject to the payment (or the giving of such indemnity as the Registrar or 
the relevant Transfer Agent may require in respect thereof) of any tax or other governmental 
charges which may be imposed in relation to it. 
(i) 
Closed Periods 
No holder of a Security may require the transfer of a Registered Security to be registered (i) 
during the period of 15 days ending on the due date for redemption of that Security, (ii) during 
the period of 15 days prior to any date on which Securities may be called for redemption by the 
Issuer at its option pursuant to General Condition 6(e) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), 
(iii) after any such Security has been called for redemption in whole or in part or (iv) during the 
period of seven days ending on (and including) any Record Date (as defined in General 
Condition 8(a)(ii) (Registered Securities) below). 
No holder of a Swedish Security may require the transfer of a Swedish Security to be registered 
during a period which is the equivalent to any such closed period pursuant to the Swedish CSD 
Rules. 
(j) 
Transfers of Finnish Securities 
Title to Finnish Securities shall pass by transfer from a Securityholder's book-entry account to 
another person's, whether legal or individual, book-entry account within Euroclear Finland 
(except where the Finnish Securities are nominee registered and are transferred from one 
account to another account with the same nominee). Notwithstanding any secrecy obligation, 
the Issuer shall be entitled to obtain information (including but not limited to information on 
Securityholders) from the register (the Euroclear Finland Register) maintained by Euroclear 
Finland as registrar (the Euroclear Finland Registrar) on behalf of the Issuer in accordance 
with the Euroclear Finland Rules, and Euroclear Finland shall be entitled to provide such 
information to the Issuer notwithstanding any secrecy obligation. Furthermore, the Issuer shall, 
subject to regulations of Euroclear Finland and applicable laws, be entitled to acquire from 
Euroclear Finland a list of the holders of Finnish Securities, PROVIDED THAT it is technically 
possible for Euroclear Finland to maintain such a list. The Issuer shall be entitled to pass such 
information to the Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent or to authorise such Agent to 
acquire such information from Euroclear Finland directly. Except as ordered by a court of 
competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the Securityholder of any Finnish Security shall 
be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is 
overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, or its theft or loss 
and no person shall be liable for so treating the Securityholder. 
(k) 
Transfer of Swedish Securities 
All transfers of Swedish Securities and entries in the Swedish Securities Register will be made 
subject to the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to, and/or issued by, Euroclear

--- Page 335 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
307 
 
Sweden. Title to Swedish Securities will pass by transfer between accountholders of the 
Euroclear Sweden system, perfected in accordance with the Swedish CSD Rules. 
(l) 
Transfers of French Law Securities 
Title to French Law Securities in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) and in administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Securities may 
only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Euroclear France 
Accountholders. Title to French Law Securities in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) shall 
pass upon, and transfer of such Securities may only be effected through, registration of the 
transfer in the accounts of the Issuer or of the French Law Securities Registration Agent acting 
on behalf of the Issuer (as the case may be). 
4. 
Status 
(a) 
Status of Securities 
The Securities constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer and will at all times rank pari passu and rateably among themselves and at least pari 
passu with all other unsecured and unsubordinated outstanding obligations of the Issuer, save 
for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of 
general application. 
(b) 
Status of the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee in respect of the Securities: only relevant for Securities 
issued by CGMHI 
The obligations of the CGMHI Guarantor in respect of the Securities issued by CGMHI under 
the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the CGMHI Guarantor and rank and will at all times at least rank pari passu with 
all other unsecured and unsubordinated outstanding obligations of the CGMHI Guarantor, save 
for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of 
general application. 
(c) 
Status of the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee in respect of the Securities: only relevant for Securities 
issued by CGMFL 
The obligations of the CGMFL Guarantor in respect of the Securities issued by CGMFL under 
the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the CGMFL Guarantor and rank and will at all times at least rank pari passu with 
all other unsecured and unsubordinated outstanding obligations of the CGMFL Guarantor, save 
for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of 
general application. 
5. 
Interest 
The provisions relating to interest due in respect of the Securities (if any) shall be as specified 
in the Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, interest on Swedish Securities for 
which Accrual is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms shall be calculated from 
(but excluding) the Interest Commencement Date to (and including) the Interest Payment Date. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, in respect of French Law Securities, 
any Interest Amount for which Accrual is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms 
shall, where applicable (to the extent permitted by law), bear interest accruing only, in 
accordance with Article 1343-2 of the French Code Civil, after such interest has been due for a 
period of at least one year. 
6. 
Redemption and Purchase 
As stated above, all references to the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee 
in the Conditions including but not limited to this Condition shall be ignored in relation to

--- Page 336 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
308 
 
Securities issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL and all references to the CGMFL Guarantor 
and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee in the Conditions including but not limited to this 
Condition shall be ignored in relation to Securities issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI 
(a) 
Final Redemption or Termination 
Unless otherwise provided in the Valuation and Settlement Schedule, or unless previously 
redeemed, terminated or purchased and cancelled as provided below, each Security (in the case 
of a Note, representing a principal amount equal to the Calculation Amount) will be redeemed 
or terminated (as applicable) at the amount (the Redemption Amount) specified in, or 
determined in the manner specified in the Valuation and Settlement Schedule on the Maturity 
Date. 
The following terms have the following meanings: 
Maturity Date means, in respect of (i) Securities other than Credit Linked Notes or Index Skew 
Notes, the date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms; (ii) Credit Linked Notes or Index 
Skew Notes, the Scheduled Maturity Date thereof; and 
Scheduled Maturity Date means, in respect of an issue of Credit Linked Notes or Index Skew 
Notes, the date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
(b) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons and Redemption for Illegality 
(i) 
The Securities may, if "Redemption for Taxation Reasons" is specified as being 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, be redeemed at the option of the Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, in whole, but not in 
part, at any time, on giving not less than 30 or more than 60 days' notice in accordance 
with General Condition 15 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable), in respect of 
each Security (in the case of a Note, representing a principal amount equal to the 
Calculation Amount), at the Early Redemption Amount together with, if so specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, accrued interest, if the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the 
CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, has or will become obligated to pay additional 
interest on such Securities pursuant to General Condition 9 (Taxation) as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws (or any regulations or rulings promulgated 
thereunder) of Luxembourg (where the Issuer is CGMFL) or the United States (where 
the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI) or the United Kingdom (where the Issuer is 
CGMFL) or, in any such case any political subdivisions or taxing authorities thereof or 
therein, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws, 
regulations or rulings, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the 
date on which any person (including any person acting as underwriter, broker or dealer) 
agrees to purchase the first Tranche of any of such Securities pursuant to the original 
issuance of such first Tranche, and such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, taking reasonable 
measures available to it; PROVIDED THAT no such notice of redemption shall be given 
earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor 
or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, would be obligated to pay such additional 
interest were a payment in respect of the Securities then due. Prior to the publication of 
any notice of redemption pursuant to this General Condition 6(b)(i), the Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, shall deliver to the 
Fiscal Agent or the Swedish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent in the case of Swedish 
Securities or the Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent in the case of Finnish 
Securities or the French Securities Issuing and Paying Agent in the case of French 
Cleared Securities and French Law Securities (i) a certificate signed by an officer of the 
Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, stating that 
the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, is 
entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the 
conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL 
Guarantor, as the case may be, so to redeem have occurred and (ii) a legal opinion, from 
lawyers of recognised standing in Luxembourg, the United States or the United 
Kingdom, as applicable, to the effect that the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the

--- Page 337 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
309 
 
CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, has or will become obligated to pay such 
additional interest as a result of such change or amendment. 
(ii) 
If "Illegality" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and the Issuer 
determines that the performance of its obligations under the Securities or the CGMHI 
Guarantor determines that the performance of its obligations under the CGMHI Deed of 
Guarantee or the CGMFL Guarantor determines that the performance of its obligations 
under the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee, as the case may be, has or will become unlawful, 
illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part for any reason (an Illegality Event), 
the Issuer may redeem the Securities early by giving notice to Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices); provided, however, that if 
"Continuance of Securities Provision" is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then (A) if the Illegality Event (whether in and of itself or together with one 
or more other Illegality Events) renders the continuance of the Securities definitively 
impossible, then the Illegality Event shall be referred to as an Illegality Event 
(Impossible Performance); or (B) if the Illegality Event (whether in and of itself or 
together with one or more other Illegality Events) does not render the continuance of the 
Securities definitively impossible, the Illegality Event shall be referred to as an Illegality 
Event (Possible Performance) and (if "Illegality Event (Possible Performance)" is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms), in each case, the Issuer may 
redeem the Securities early by giving notice to Securityholders in accordance with 
General Condition 15 (Notices). 
(c) 
Purchases 
The Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor or any of their respective subsidiaries 
or Affiliates may at any time purchase Securities in the open market or otherwise at any price. 
Any Securities so purchased may be held or resold or surrendered for cancellation. 
(d) 
Early Redemption Amount  
(i) 
For the purpose of General Condition 6(b)(i) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons and 
Redemption for Illegality) and 6(b)(ii) above, General Condition 11 (Events of Default) 
and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule and subject as provided in the relevant 
Underlying Schedules applicable to the relevant Underlying(s), the Early Redemption 
Amount in respect of each Security (in the case of a Note, representing a principal 
amount equal to the Calculation Amount) will be calculated as any of the following 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, in each case payable as provided 
below:  
(A) 
Fair Market Value payable on the date specified in, or notified in accordance with, 
the Conditions or, if no such date is so specified, on a date selected by the Issuer;  
(B) 
Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity;  
(C) 
Best of Amount payable on the date specified in, or notified in accordance with, 
the Conditions or, if no such date is so specified, on a date selected by the Issuer; 
(D) 
Monetisation with Holder Put Option as set out in General Condition 6(d)(ii); or 
(E) 
such other amount specified in the Valuation and Settlement Schedule and/or in 
the applicable Issue Terms and payable on the date specified in, or notified in 
accordance with, the Conditions or, if no such date is so specified, on a date 
selected by the Issuer, 
(and in the case of Credit Linked Notes or Index Skew Notes, minus the pro rata share 
of any unwind costs) provided that where the applicable Issue Terms specify "Additional 
Costs on account of Early Redemption" to be not applicable, Securityholders will not be 
charged any costs or expenses by the Issuer on account of the early redemption of the 
Securities in any of the circumstances set out in the initial paragraph of this General 
Condition 6(d)(i).

--- Page 338 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
310 
 
(ii) 
if the Securities are subject to early redemption for which the Early Redemption Amount 
is specified as the Monetisation with Holder Put Option (as set forth above in General 
Condition 6(d)(i)(D) above): 
(A) 
Following the occurrence of the relevant early redemption event, the Issuer shall 
notify the Securityholders (such notice by the Issuer to the Securityholders being 
the Issuer's Notice of Early Redemption) as soon as reasonably practicable 
thereafter in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices) that the Securities 
will be redeemed on the Maturity Date for an amount equal to the Monetisation 
Amount unless the relevant Securityholder makes a valid election to exercise the 
option for Fair Market Value plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement at early 
redemption. The Issuer's Notice of Early Redemption may, but does not have to, 
include the Fair Market Value plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement of the 
Securities on a day selected by the Calculation Agent on or prior to the date of 
delivery of such notice, and shall include the cut-off date for exercise of the option 
for Fair Market Value at early redemption, the date of determination of the Fair 
Market Value plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement in respect of such 
election selected by the Calculation Agent (which may fall after the date of such 
notice) and the early redemption date. 
(B) 
In order to make a valid election to exercise its option referred to in (A) above to 
redeem some or all of its Securities for Fair Market Value plus Pro Rata Issuer 
Cost Reimbursement at early redemption, a Securityholder must: 
(1) 
if such Security is in definitive form and held outside the Relevant 
Clearing System, deliver, at the specified office of the Registrar at any 
time during normal business hours of the Registrar falling no later than the 
cut-off date set out in the Issuer's Notice of Early Redemption, a duly 
completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being 
current) obtainable from any specified office of the Registrar (an Early 
Redemption Put Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank 
account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to 
which payment is to be made under this Condition and the principal 
amount or number thereof to be redeemed for Fair Market Value at early 
redemption and, if less than the full principal amount or number of the 
Registered Securities held by such Securityholder so surrendered is to be 
redeemed, an address to which a new Registered Security in respect of the 
balance of such Registered Securities is to be sent subject to and in 
accordance with the provisions of General Condition 3(h) (Transfer Free 
of Charge). If the relevant Security is in definitive form, the Early 
Redemption Put Notice must be accompanied by the Security or evidence 
satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that the Security will, 
following delivery of the Early Redemption Put Notice, be held to its order 
or under its control. 
(2) 
if the relevant Security is represented by a Global Registered Security 
Certificate and cleared through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, no 
later than the cut-off date set out in the Issuer's Notice of Early 
Redemption, give notice to the Registrar of such exercise in accordance 
with the standard procedures of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as applicable (which may include notice being given on his instruction by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, or any common 
depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for them, as 
applicable, to the Registrar by electronic means), in a form acceptable to 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, from time to time. 
(3) 
if the relevant Security is represented by a Global Registered Security 
Certificate and cleared through DTC, no later than the cut-off date set out 
in the Issuer's Notice of Early Redemption, give notice to the Registrar of 
such exercise in the form of an Early Redemption Put Notice acceptable 
to the Registrar and irrevocably instruct DTC to debit the relevant

--- Page 339 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
311 
 
Securityholder's securities account with the relevant Securities on or 
before the Early Redemption Date in accordance with applicable DTC 
practice. 
In the case of Swedish Securities, an Early Redemption Put Notice will not take 
effect against the Issuer before the date on which the relevant Securities have been 
transferred to the account designated by the Swedish Securities Issuing and 
Paying Agent and blocked for further transfers by the Swedish Securities Issuing 
and Paying Agent (such date will be the first date of a closed period for the 
purposes of General Condition 3(k) (Transfer of Swedish Securities)). The 
redemption procedures for Swedish Securities will be subject to the Swedish CSD 
Rules. 
Unless otherwise provided Finnish Securities shall be subject to automatic 
redemption. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, if the 
Securities are Finnish Securities, the exercise of this option will not be effective 
against the Issuer before the date on which the relevant Finnish Securities have 
been transferred to the account operated by the Finnish Securities Issuing and 
Paying Agent, which for the purposes of the relevant Finnish Securities is an 
account operator specifically authorised by Euroclear Finland and appointed by 
the Issuer in relation to a specific issue or issues to process and register issues in 
the system of the relevant central securities depositary and clearing institution, 
and blocked for further transfer on the early redemption date by the Finnish 
Securities Issuing and Paying Agent. The right to require redemption of any 
Finnish Securities in accordance with this Condition must, notwithstanding the 
above, be exercised in accordance with the Euroclear Finland Rules and if there 
is any inconsistency between the terms set out herein and the Euroclear Finland 
Rules, then the Euroclear Finland Rules shall prevail. 
(C) 
Notwithstanding anything else in the Conditions, in respect of each Security (in 
the case of a Note, representing a principal amount equal to the Calculation 
Amount) for which: 
(1) 
a valid election to exercise the Securityholder's option to redeem such 
Securities for Fair Market Value plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement 
at early redemption has been made, the Early Redemption Amount shall 
be an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of the Securities on the date 
specified as such in the Issuer's Notice of Early Redemption plus Pro Rata 
Issuer Cost Reimbursement, which amount shall be payable on the early 
redemption date specified as such in the Issuer's Notice of Early 
Redemption; and 
(2) 
a valid election to exercise the Securityholder's option to redeem such 
Securities for Fair Market Value plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement 
at early redemption has not been made, the Early Redemption Amount 
shall be the Monetisation Amount (if any), which amount shall be payable 
on the Maturity Date. 
In both cases no other amounts of principal, interest or termination will be payable 
following the date the Issuer's Notice of Early Redemption is given.  
(iii) 
In the case of Securities subject to early redemption for which the Early Redemption 
Amount is specified as "Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity", 
then such Early Redemption Amount shall be payable on the Maturity Date, 
notwithstanding anything else in the Conditions and no other amounts of principal, 
interest or termination will be payable following the date the notice of early redemption 
is given. 
(iv) 
As used above, in respect of each Security (in the case of a Note, representing a principal 
amount equal to the Calculation Amount):

--- Page 340 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
312 
 
Best of Amount means, in respect of such Security, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent as the greater of (i) the sum of the Minimum Return 
Amount plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement and (ii) the sum of Fair Market Value 
plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement. 
Early Redemption Date means, in respect of each Security and the Early Redemption 
Amount payable in respect of such Security, a date notified by the Issuer to the relevant 
Securityholder in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices) as the date for the 
payment of the Early Redemption Amount, save as provided in General Condition 
6(d)(ii)(C)(2) and General Condition 6(d)(iii). 
Fair Market Value means an amount in the Specified Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent which represents the fair market value of such Security (which shall 
include amounts in respect of interest) on a day selected by the Issuer or as otherwise 
required in accordance with the Conditions (ignoring for the purposes of a redemption 
pursuant to General Condition 6(b)(ii), the relevant unlawfulness, illegality or 
prohibition) less (except (i) if the applicable Issue Terms specify "Deduction of Hedge 
Costs" to be not applicable; and (ii) in the case of either any early redemption pursuant 
to General Condition 11 (Events of Default) or Italian Listed Certificates) the 
proportionate cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying and/or 
related hedging and funding arrangements in respect of the Securities (including, without 
limitation, any options relating to any Underlying hedging the Issuer's obligations under 
the Securities) and, for the purposes of determining the fair market value of such Security 
for the purposes of General Condition 11 (Events of Default), no account shall be taken 
of the financial condition of the Issuer and (if applicable) the Guarantor which shall be 
presumed to be able to perform fully their obligations in respect of the Securities. 
The "fair market value" of a Security is an estimated value and, in determining such 
value, the Calculation Agent may have regard to the following as applicable: 
(i) 
where applicable, a bond component in respect of the Securities, plus an 
embedded derivative(s) or option component. The value of the bond component 
is expected to be determined based on the present value of the stream of cash 
payments associated with a conventional bond of an amount equal to the then 
outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Securities (or, in the case of 
Certificates, the aggregate of the Calculation Amounts in respect of such 
Certificates, as determined by the Calculation Agent) discounted by a prevailing 
internal funding rate (which may be adjusted by a spread) for a term equal to that 
then outstanding of the Securities. The value of the embedded derivative 
component is expected to be determined based on internal pricing models which 
will take into account certain parameters that the Calculation Agent determines 
appropriate (including, without limitation, factors such as expected interest and 
dividend rates; and the value, price or level and volatility of any relevant 
Underlying(s) or other reference item or any futures or options relating to any of 
them); and/or 
(ii) 
the value of the Securities as determined using any such other factors as the 
Calculation Agent deems relevant, including but not limited to the time remaining 
to maturity of the Securities, the interest rates at which banks lend to each other, 
the interest rate which the Issuer (or its Affiliates) is charged to borrow cash, if 
the Securities are linked to one or more Underlying(s) or other reference asset(s), 
the value, expected future performance and/or volatility of such Underlying(s) or 
other reference asset(s) and any other information the Calculation Agent deems 
relevant (including, but not limited to the circumstances that resulted in the events 
causing such redemption). 
Such values, along (save where the applicable Issue Terms specify "Deduction of Issuer 
Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs" as not applicable) with deductions for any fees, 
costs or commissions in connection with the issue of the Securities and the cost of 
entering into any underlying and/or related hedging and funding arrangements in respect 
of the Securities, are expected to have been relevant pricing factors taken into account at

--- Page 341 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
313 
 
or around the trade date to enable the Issuer to determine the terms on which it can issue 
the Securities on the Issue Date and are therefore relevant factors in determining any 
Early Redemption Amount.  
Fair Market Value plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement means an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent as the sum of (i) Fair Market Value and (ii) Pro 
Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement.  
Minimum Return Amount means, in respect of such Security, the currency amount 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms or, if no such amount is so specified, the 
Calculation Amount. 
Minimum Return Amount plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement means an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent as the sum of (i) the Minimum Return 
Amount and (ii) Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement.  
Monetisation Amount means, in respect of such Security, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Minimum Return Amount + (Option Value + Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement) x 
(1+r)n 
Where: 
n means the remaining term of the relevant Securities expressed in years, calculated from 
the date of the determination that the Securities will be early redeemed pursuant to and 
in accordance with the Conditions following the relevant early redemption event to the 
scheduled Maturity Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
r means the annualised interest rate that the Issuer offers on the date of determination 
that the Securities will be early redeemed pursuant to and in accordance with the 
Conditions following the relevant early redemption event(s) for a debt security with a 
maturity equivalent to the scheduled Maturity Date of the relevant Securities, taking into 
account the credit risk of the Issuer, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Option means, in respect of such Security, the option component or embedded 
derivative(s) in respect of (i) the Security and/or (ii) the interest element relating to such 
Security which provides exposure to the Underlying(s) (if any), the terms of which are 
fixed on the trade date (as determined by the Calculation Agent) in order to enable the 
Issuer to issue such Security at the relevant price and on the relevant terms. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the bond component (if applicable) in respect of the Security is 
excluded from the Option. 
Option Value means, in respect of such Security, the value (if any) of the Option in 
respect thereof, subject to a minimum of zero, as calculated by the Calculation Agent on 
such day and time as selected by the Calculation Agent at or around the time notice of 
early redemption is given by reference to such factors as the Calculation Agent considers 
to be appropriate including, without limitation: 
(i) 
market prices or values for the Underlying and other relevant economic variables 
(such as: interest rates; dividend rates; financing costs; the value, price or level of 
any relevant Underlying(s) or other reference asset(s) and any futures or options 
relating to any of them; the volatility of any relevant Underlying(s) or other 
reference asset(s); and exchange rates (if applicable)); 
(ii) 
the time remaining to maturity of the Securities had they remained outstanding to 
scheduled maturity; 
(iii) 
internal pricing models; and 
(iv) 
prices at which other market participants might bid for the Option.

--- Page 342 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
314 
 
Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity means, in respect of such 
Security, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as (in the case of Notes) its 
principal amount plus accrued interest (if any), where such accrued interest is determined 
as the product of the principal amount, an overnight interest rate or an achievable market 
rate of interest for the Specified Currency and the relevant day and a day count fraction 
customary for calculation of overnight interest in respect of the Specified Currency, all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner and acting 
in good faith, and such Early Redemption Amount will be payable on the Maturity Date.  
Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement means an amount equal to the product of the 
total costs of the Issuer (for example, and without limitation, structuring costs) paid by 
the original Securityholder as part of the original issue price of the Security and the 
Relevant Proportion, as determined by the Calculation Agent. For the avoidance of 
doubt, if the applicable Issue Terms specify "Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement" to be 
applicable, the Early Redemption Amount shall be the sum of the amount specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms plus the Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement. 
Relevant Proportion means a number equal to (i) the number of calendar days from, 
and excluding, the date of determination that the relevant Securities will be early 
redeemed pursuant to and in accordance with the Conditions following the relevant early 
redemption event(s) to, and including, the scheduled Maturity Date of the relevant 
Securities, divided by (ii) the number of calendar days from, and excluding, the Issue 
Date of the relevant Securities to, and including, the scheduled Maturity Date of the 
relevant Securities. 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
If, in respect of Securities other than Swedish Securities, Issuer Call is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer may, having given the number of days' notice specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms or, if none is so specified: 
(i) 
not less than, five nor more than 60 days' notice to the Securityholders in accordance 
with General Condition 15 (Notices); and 
(ii) 
not less than five days' notice to the Registrar, 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all 
or some only of the Securities then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date in respect of 
each Security (in the case of a Note, representing a principal amount equal to the Calculation 
Amount) at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in the manner 
specified in, the Valuation and Settlement Schedule or the relevant Underlying Schedules 
applicable to the relevant Underlying(s) or specified in the applicable Issue Terms together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. 
Any such redemption must be of a principal amount or number not less than the Minimum 
Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as 
may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
In the case of a redemption of some only of the Securities, the Securities to be redeemed 
(Redeemed Securities) will be selected, subject to mandatory provisions of Luxembourg law, 
individually by lot not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption, in the case of 
Redeemed Securities represented by definitive Securities, and in accordance with the rules of 
the Relevant Clearing System (in the case of Securities cleared through Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) in the 
case of Redeemed Securities represented by a Global Registered Security Certificate. In the case 
of Redeemed Securities represented by definitive Securities, a list of the serial numbers of such 
Redeemed Securities will be published in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices) not 
less than five days prior to the date fixed for redemption. 
If, in respect of Swedish Securities, Issuer Call is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Issuer may, having given:

--- Page 343 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
315 
 
(a) 
not less than five nor more than 60 days' notice to the Securityholders in accordance with 
General Condition 15 (Notices); and 
(b) 
not less than five days' notice to the Swedish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent and 
Euroclear Sweden, respectively, 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption and shall 
specify the Securities or the amount of the Securities as well as the closed period), redeem all 
of the Securities then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date in respect of each Security 
(in the case of a Note, representing a principal amount equal to the Calculation Amount) at the 
relevant Optional Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, 
the applicable Issue Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a principal amount or 
number not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum 
Redemption Amount in each case as may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. The 
redemption procedures for Swedish Securities will be subject to the Swedish CSD Rules. 
If, in respect of French Law Securities, Issuer Call is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the Issuer may, having given: 
(a) 
not less than five nor more than 60 days' notice to the Securityholders in accordance with 
General Condition 15 (Notices); and 
(b) 
not less than five days' notice to the French Securities Issuing and Paying Agent who 
will give this notice to Euroclear France, 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all 
or some only of the Securities then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date in respect of 
each Security (in the case of a Note, representing a principal amount equal to the Calculation 
Amount) at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount specified in, or determined in the manner 
specified in, the Valuation and Settlement Schedule or the relevant Underlying Schedules 
applicable to the relevant Underlying(s) or specified in the applicable Issue Terms together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. 
Any such redemption must be of a principal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption 
Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms. In the case of a partial redemption of French Law Securities, the 
redemption may be effected, at the option of the Issuer, either (i) by reducing the principal 
amount of all the French Law Securities of such Series in a proportion to the aggregate principal 
amount redeemed or (ii) by redeeming in full some only of such French Law Securities and, in 
such latter case, the choice between those French Law Securities that will be fully redeemed 
and those French Law Securities of such Series that will not be redeemed shall be made in 
accordance with article R. 213-16 of the French Code monétaire et financier and the provisions 
of the relevant Issue Terms, subject to compliance with any other applicable laws and any 
applicable stock exchange requirements. So long as the French Law Securities are listed and 
admitted on a stock exchange and the rules of that stock exchange or applicable French law 
and/or regulations so require, the Issuer shall cause to be published a notice specifying the 
aggregate principal amount of French Law Securities outstanding.  
The right to require redemption of such French Law Securities and French Cleared Securities  
must be exercised in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear France and if there 
is any inconsistency between the above and the rules and procedures of Euroclear France, then 
the rules and procedures of Euroclear France shall prevail. 
(f) 
Redemption at the Option of holders of Securities 
If Investor Put is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, upon the holder of any 
Security giving to the Issuer in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices) the number of 
days' notice specified in the applicable Issue Terms or, if none is so specified, not less than 45 
days' notice the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem such Security on the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date and at, in respect of each Security (in the case of a Note, representing 
a principal amount equal to the Calculation Amount), the relevant Optional Redemption

--- Page 344 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
316 
 
Amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule or the relevant Underlying Schedules applicable to the relevant Underlying(s) and in 
the applicable Issue Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
Optional Redemption Date.  
To exercise the right to require redemption of a Security the holder of such Security must, if 
such Security is in definitive form and held outside the Relevant Clearing System, deliver, at 
the specified office of the Registrar at any time during normal business hours of the Registrar 
falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for 
the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of the Registrar (a Put Notice) and 
in which the holder must specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this 
Condition and the principal amount or number thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full 
principal amount or number of the Registered Securities so surrendered is to be redeemed, an 
address to which a new Registered Security in respect of the balance of such Registered 
Securities is to be sent subject to and in accordance with the provisions of General Condition 
3(f) (Partial Redemption in respect of Registered Securities). If the relevant Security is in 
definitive form, the Put Notice must be accompanied by the Security or evidence satisfactory to 
the Paying Agent concerned that the Security will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held 
to its order or under its control. 
If the relevant Security is represented by a Global Registered Security Certificate and cleared 
through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or is in definitive form and held through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of such 
Security the holder of such Security must, within the notice period, give notice to the Registrar 
of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as applicable (which may include notice being given on his instruction by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, or any common depositary or common 
safekeeper, as the case may be, for them, as applicable, to the Registrar by electronic means), 
in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, from time to 
time. 
If the relevant Security is represented by a Global Registered Security Certificate and cleared 
through DTC, to exercise the right to require redemption of such Security, the holder of such 
Security must, within the notice period, give notice to the Registrar of such exercise in the form 
of a Put Notice acceptable to the Registrar and irrevocably instruct DTC to debit the relevant 
Securityholder's securities account with the relevant Securities on or before the Optional 
Redemption Date in accordance with applicable DTC practice.  
In the case of Swedish Securities, a Put Notice will not take effect against the Issuer before the 
date on which the relevant Securities have been transferred to the account designated by the 
Swedish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent and blocked for further transfers by the Swedish 
Securities Issuing and Paying Agent (such date will be the first date of a closed period for the 
purposes of General Condition 3(i) (Closed Periods)). The redemption procedures for Swedish 
Securities will be subject to the Swedish CSD Rules. 
Any right to require redemption of any Finnish Securities in accordance with this General 
Condition 6(f) must be exercised in accordance with the Euroclear Finland Rules. Unless 
otherwise provided Finnish Securities shall be subject to automatic redemption. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, if the Securities are Finnish 
Securities, the exercise of this option will not be effective against the Issuer before the date on 
which the relevant Finnish Securities have been transferred to the account operated by the 
Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent, which for the purposes of the relevant Finnish 
Securities is an account operator specifically authorised by Euroclear Finland and appointed by 
the Issuer in relation to a specific issue or issues to process and register issues in the system of 
the relevant central securities depositary and clearing institution, and blocked for further transfer 
on the Optional Redemption Date by the Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent. 
In the case of French Law Securities, to exercise this option the Securityholder must transfer, or 
cause to be transferred, such French Law Security to the account of the French Law Securities 
Registration Agent (in the case of French Law Securities in registered dematerialised form (au 
nominatif)) or the French Securities Issuing and Paying Agent (in the case of French Law

--- Page 345 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
317 
 
Securities in bearer form) and, in all cases, deposit with any French Securities Issuing and 
Paying Agent at its specified office during usual business hours a duly completed Put Notice 
within the relevant exercise period. No Security so transferred and option exercised may be 
withdrawn (except as provided in the Fiscal Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of 
the Issuer. No such option may be exercised if the Issuer has given notice of redemption of the 
French Law Securities.  
The right to require redemption of such French Law Securities and French Cleared Securities   
must be exercised in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear France and if there 
is any inconsistency between the above and the rules and procedures of Euroclear France, then 
the rules and procedures of Euroclear France shall prevail. 
(g) 
Cancellation 
All Securities purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL 
Guarantor may be surrendered for cancellation, if the Securities are Registered Securities, by 
surrendering the Security representing such Securities to the Registrar and, if so surrendered, 
will, together with all Securities redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith. Any Securities 
surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor in respect of any such Securities shall be 
discharged. 
French Cleared Securities and French Law Securities shall only be cancelled by being 
transferred to an account in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear France. 
7. 
Exercise Rights in respect of Certificates 
This General Condition 7 (Exercise Rights in respect of Certificates) is only applicable where 
the applicable Issue Terms specifies that the Type of Security is Certificates. 
The applicable Issue Terms will specify whether the Certificates are European style Certificates 
(European Style Certificates) or multiple exercise Certificates (Multiple Exercise 
Certificates) or such other type (including, without limitation, a combination thereof) as may 
be specified in the applicable Issue Terms and whether automatic exercise (Automatic 
Exercise) applies to the Certificates. Certificates may only be Cash Settled Securities. If Units 
are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, Certificates must be exercised in Units and any 
Exercise Notice which purports to exercise Certificates in breach of this provision shall be void 
and of no effect. 
(a) 
European Style Certificates 
In respect of European Style Certificates, if Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in 
the applicable Issue Terms, any European Style Certificate with respect to which no Exercise 
Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in this General Condition 7 (Exercise Rights in 
respect of Certificates), at or prior to 10.00 a.m., Luxembourg time, on the Exercise Date (the 
Actual Exercise Date), shall become void. If Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the 
applicable Issue Terms, any such European Style Certificate with respect to which no Exercise 
Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in this General Condition 7 (Exercise Rights in 
respect of Certificates), at or prior to 10.00 a.m., Luxembourg time on the Actual Exercise Date 
and which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, is "In-the-Money", shall be 
automatically exercised on the Actual Exercise Date and the provisions of General Condition 
7(g) (Automatic Exercise) shall apply. Any such Certificate shall otherwise expire worthless. 
(b) 
Multiple Exercise Certificates 
In respect of Multiple Exercise Certificates, if Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying 
in the applicable Issue Terms and no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out 
in this General Condition 7 (Exercise Rights in respect of Certificates), at or prior to 10.00 a.m., 
Luxembourg time on one or more Exercise Dates specified in the applicable Issue Terms (each 
an Actual Exercise Date), neither the Issuer nor the CGMFL Guarantor shall have any 
obligations in respect of such Certificate in relation to such Actual Exercise Date. If Automatic 
Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms and no Exercise Notice has been

--- Page 346 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
318 
 
delivered in the manner set out in this General Condition 7 (Exercise Rights in respect of 
Certificates), at or prior to 10.00 a.m., Luxembourg time on an Actual Exercise Date and which, 
in the determination of the Calculation Agent, is "In-the-Money", such Certificate shall be 
automatically exercised on such Actual Exercise Date and the provisions of General Condition 
7(g) (Automatic Exercise) shall apply. The Securityholders rights in respect of any such 
Certificate shall otherwise expire worthless in respect of such Actual Exercise Date. 
(c) 
Exercise Notice 
If Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms, Certificates 
may only be exercised following the delivery, or the sending by tested telex (confirmed in 
writing), of a duly completed exercise notice (an Exercise Notice) in the form set out in the 
Fiscal Agency Agreement (copies of which form may be obtained from the Relevant Clearing 
System and the Certificate Agent during normal office hours) to the Relevant Clearing System, 
with a copy to the Certificate Agent. 
The Exercise Notice is irrevocable and shall: 
(i) 
specify the Series number of the Certificates and the number of Certificates the subject 
of the Exercise Notice and, if Units are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
number of Units the subject of the Exercise Notice; 
(ii) 
specify the number of the Securityholder's account at the Relevant Clearing System, to 
be credited with any relevant amounts due to the Securityholder in respect of each 
Certificate or Unit, as the case may be, the subject of the Exercise Notice; 
(iii) 
include an undertaking to pay all Exercise Expenses and an authority to the Relevant 
Clearing System, to deduct or convert (if applicable) an amount in respect thereof from 
any amounts due to such Securityholder in respect of such Actual Exercise Date, and/or 
to debit a specified account of the Securityholder at the Relevant Clearing System, in 
respect thereof and to pay such Exercise Expenses; 
(iv) 
certify, that the Securityholder and the beneficial owner of each Certificate or Unit, as 
the case may be, the subject of the Exercise Notice is not a U.S. person (as defined in the 
Exercise Notice) or as otherwise defined in the applicable Issue Terms and, where 
appropriate, undertake to provide such various forms of certification in respect of selling 
restrictions under the securities, commodities and other laws of the United States of 
America as indicated and set out in the applicable Issue Terms; and 
(v) 
authorise the production of such notice in any applicable administrative or legal 
proceedings. 
(d) 
Verification of the Securityholder 
Upon receipt of an Exercise Notice, the Relevant Clearing System shall verify that the person 
specified therein as the accountholder is the Securityholder of the Certificates referred to therein 
according to the books of Relevant Clearing System. Subject thereto, the Relevant Clearing 
System will confirm to the Certificate Agent the Series number and the number of Certificates 
the subject of the Exercise Notice and, if applicable, the account details for the payment of 
amounts payable in respect of the Certificates. Upon receipt of such confirmation, the Certificate 
Agent will inform the Issuer thereof. The Relevant Clearing System will on or before the 
Settlement Date specified in the applicable Issue Terms (Settlement Date) (or in the case of 
Multiple Exercise Certificates, the final Settlement Date) or any other date specified in the 
relevant Exercise Notice, as the case may be, debit the account of the relevant Securityholder 
with the Certificates the subject of the Exercise Notice. 
(e) 
Determinations 
Any determination as to whether an Exercise Notice is duly completed and in proper form shall 
be made by the Relevant Clearing System, in consultation with the Certificate Agent, and shall 
be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor, the Certificate Agent and the 
relevant Securityholder. Subject as set out below, any Exercise Notice so determined to be

--- Page 347 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
319 
 
incomplete or not in proper form, or which is not copied to the Certificate Agent immediately 
after being delivered or sent to the Relevant Clearing System shall be null and void. 
If such Exercise Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of the Relevant Clearing 
System, in consultation with the Certificate Agent, it shall be deemed to be a new Exercise 
Notice submitted at the time such correction was delivered to the Relevant Clearing System and 
copied to the Certificate Agent. 
In respect of an Actual Exercise Date, if Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in the 
applicable Issue Terms, any Certificate (other than Multiple Exercise Certificates) with respect 
to which the Exercise Notice has not been duly completed and delivered in the manner set out 
above by the cut-off time specified shall become void. In the case of Multiple Exercise 
Certificates and an Actual Exercise Date, if Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in 
the applicable Issue Terms and no Exercise Notice has been duly completed in the manner set 
out above by the cut-off time specified, the Issuer shall have no obligation in respect of such 
Certificate in relation to such Actual Exercise Date. 
(f) 
Delivery of an Exercise Notice 
Delivery of an Exercise Notice in respect of an Actual Exercise Date shall constitute an 
irrevocable election by the relevant Securityholder to exercise the Certificates specified on such 
Actual Exercise Date.   
After the delivery of an Exercise Notice (other than in relation to Multiple Exercise Certificates), 
the relevant Securityholder may not transfer the Certificates the subject of such Exercise Notice. 
After the delivery of an Exercise Notice in respect of Multiple Exercise Certificates in relation 
to an Actual Exercise Date (other than the final Actual Exercise Date) such exercising 
Securityholder may not transfer such Certificate until after the Settlement Date in respect of 
such Actual Exercise Date. After delivery of an Exercise Notice in respect of Multiple Exercise 
Certificates in relation to the final Actual Exercise Date, such exercising Securityholder may 
not transfer such Certificates. 
(g) 
Automatic Exercise 
If Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Issue Terms and the Certificates 
are automatically exercised as provided in this General Condition 7 (Exercise Rights in respect 
of Certificates) then the delivery of an Exercise Notice shall not be required (save, except for 
Securities admitted to trading on the SeDeX or EuroTLX, where the Issuer notifies the 
Securityholders to the contrary) and the Certificates shall be terminated in accordance with the 
provisions of Valuation and Settlement Schedule. 
(h) 
Relevant Clearing System times and requirements 
All references herein to Luxembourg time and each of the procedures described herein are 
subject to any other relevant times and procedures as may be required by the Relevant Clearing 
System.  
In respect of Swedish Securities in the form of Certificates, Automatic Exercise shall apply and 
settlement will occur in accordance with the Swedish CSD Rules. 
(i) 
Defined terms 
As used above: 
Exercise Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Exercise Expenses means, in relation to a Certificate, all taxes and/or expenses including any 
depositary charges, transaction or exercise charges, which the Calculation Agent determines 
may be or would be, or would have been incurred in connection with the exercise and/or 
termination of the Certificates and/or any payment and/or delivery in respect thereof.

--- Page 348 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
320 
 
In-the-Money means the Redemption Amount in respect of the relevant Actual Exercise Date 
is greater than zero; as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
8. 
Payments 
All references to the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee in the 
Conditions including but not limited to this Condition shall be ignored in relation to Securities 
issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. All references to the CGMFL Guarantor and the 
CGMFL Deed of Guarantee in the Conditions including but not limited to this Condition 
shall be ignored in relation to Securities issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI 
(a) 
Registered Securities 
(i) 
Payments of principal or termination amounts in respect of Registered Securities 
(whether or not in global form) will be made, where applicable, against presentation and 
surrender of the relevant Security at the specified office of any of the Paying Agents or 
of the Registrar and in the manner provided in paragraph (ii) below. 
(ii) 
Payments of interest on Registered Securities will be paid to the person shown on the 
Register (A) where such Securities are in global form, at the close of the business day 
(being for this purpose, a day on which the Relevant Clearing System is open for 
business) before the due date for payment thereof, and (B) where such Securities are in 
definitive form, at the close of business on the fifteenth day before the due date for 
payment thereof (the Record Date). Such payments will be made by credit or transfer to 
an account in the relevant currency designated by the holder with a bank in the principal 
financial centre of the country of that currency or, if the currency is Euro, into a Euro 
account (or any other account to which Euro may be credited or transferred) notified to 
the Registrar by such holder. 
All amounts payable to DTC or its nominee as registered holder of a Global Registered Security 
Certificate in respect of Securities denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars 
shall be paid by transfer by the Fiscal Agent to an account in the Specified Currency of the 
Exchange Agent on behalf of DTC or its nominee for conversion into and payment in U.S. 
dollars in accordance with the provisions of the Fiscal Agency Agreement unless a holder has 
elected to receive payment in the relevant Specified Currency in accordance with applicable 
DTC practice. 
(b) 
Payments Subject to Law, etc. 
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and 
directives, but without prejudice to the provisions of General Condition 9 (Taxation). No 
commission or expenses shall be charged to the holders of Securities in respect of such 
payments. 
The holder of a Global Registered Security Certificate shall be the only person entitled to receive 
payments in respect of Securities represented by such Global Registered Security Certificate 
and the Issuer or, as the case may be, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor will be 
discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Registered Security 
Certificate in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of the 
Relevant Clearing System as the beneficial holder of a particular principal amount or number 
of Securities represented by such Global Registered Security Certificate must look solely to the 
Relevant Clearing System for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer or, as the case 
may be, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor to, or to the order of, the holder of 
such Global Registered Security Certificate. 
(c) 
Payments in respect of Swedish Securities 
General Condition 8(a) (Registered Securities) shall not apply to Swedish Securities. Payments 
in respect of Swedish Securities will be made on the due date for payments to the persons 
registered as holders in the Swedish Securities Register on the fifth (5) Stockholm Banking Day 
(or such other date in accordance with the Swedish CSD Rules), prior to the due date for such 
payment.

--- Page 349 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
321 
 
In the Conditions, Stockholm Banking Day means a day on which Euroclear Sweden is open 
for business (including the making of payments) in accordance with the Swedish CSD Rules. 
(d) 
Payments in respect of Finnish Securities 
General Condition 8(a) (Registered Securities) shall not apply to Finnish Securities. Payments 
in respect of Finnish Securities will be made on the due date for payment to the persons 
registered as holders recorded in the Euroclear Finland Register on the first (1st) Helsinki 
Banking Day (or such other date in accordance with the rules and procedures applied by 
Euroclear Finland from time to time), prior to the due date for such payment. 
In the Conditions, Helsinki Banking Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on 
which commercial banks are generally open for business, including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits in Helsinki and on which Euroclear Finland and the 
relevant system in which the Finnish Securities are registered are open for business in 
accordance with the Euroclear Finland Rules. 
In respect of each Series of Finnish Securities, the Issuer shall at all times maintain a registrar 
which shall be the duly authorised Finnish central securities depository under the Finnish Act 
on the Book-Entry System and Clearing Operations (Fin. laki arvo-osuusjärjestelmästä ja 
selvitystoiminnasta (348/2017, as amended)) and a Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent 
duly authorised as an account operator (Fin. tilinhoitaja) under the Finnish Act on Book-Entry 
System and Clearing (Fin. laki arvo-osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta (348/2017, as 
amended)). 
A Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent will be appointed by the Issuer and identified in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
In relation to Finnish Securities, Euroclear Finland will act as the central securities depositary 
and clearing institution and the Issuer will appoint a Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent 
for Finnish purposes as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of the relevant central securities 
depositary and clearing institution or the Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent, 
PROVIDED THAT the Issuer will appoint another central securities depositary and clearing 
institution or Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent, each of them to be duly authorised 
under the Finnish Act on the Book-Entry System and Clearing Operations (Fin. laki arvo-
osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta (348/2017, as amended)). Each of Euroclear Finland 
and the Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent acts solely as agent of the Issuer and does 
not assume any obligation to, or relationship or agency or trust with, the Securityholders. 
(e) 
Payments in respect of French Law Securities 
General Condition 8(a) (Registered Securities) shall not apply to French Law Securities. 
Payments of principal and interest (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any arrears of interest, 
where applicable) in respect of French Law Securities shall (in the case of French Law Securities 
in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) or administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré)) be made by transfer to the account denominated in the relevant currency of the 
relevant Euroclear France Accountholders for the benefit of the Securityholders and (in the case 
of French Law Securities in fully registered form (au nominatif pur)) to an account denominated 
in the relevant currency with a bank designated by the Securityholders and notified to the Issuer 
(or, for French Law Securities cleared through Euroclear France, with the French Law Securities 
Registration Agent). All payments validly made to such Euroclear France Accountholders or 
bank will be an effective discharge of the Issuer in respect of such payments. 
A French Securities Issuing and Paying Agent and (if applicable) a French Law Securities 
Registration Agent will be appointed by the Issuer and identified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
In relation to French Law Securities, Euroclear France will act as the central securities 
depositary and clearing institution and the Issuer will appoint a French Securities Issuing and 
Paying Agent for French purposes as specified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 350 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
322 
 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of the relevant central securities 
depositary and clearing institution or the French Securities Issuing and Paying Agent or (if 
applicable) the French Law Securities Registration Agent. Each of Euroclear France, the French 
Securities Issuing and Paying Agent and (if applicable) a French Law Securities Registration 
Agent acts solely as agent of the Issuer and does not assume any obligation to, or relationship 
or agency or trust with, the Securityholders. 
In respect of any domestic issue of French Law Securities settled from a French Securities 
Issuing and Paying Agent account situated in France, payments relating to such French Law 
Securities shall be made in Euro according to Article 1343-3 of the French Code Civil. In respect 
of any non-domestic or international issues (emprunt émis à l'étranger) of French Law 
Securities settled from a French Securities Issuing and Paying Agent account situated outside 
of France, payments may be made in another currency. In such case, the method for translating 
into Euro any amount(s) denominated in a currency other than Euro payable under such French 
Law Securities shall be specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
(f) 
Appointment of Agents 
As applicable, the Fiscal Agent, each Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Exchange Agent, each 
Transfer Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Swedish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent in the 
case of Swedish Securities, the Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent in the case of 
Finnish Securities or the French Securities Issuing and Paying Agent in the case of French 
Cleared Securities and French Law Securities and (if applicable) the French Law Securities 
Registration Agent in the case of French Law Securities initially appointed by the Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor and their respective specified offices are listed 
below or in the applicable Issue Terms. The Fiscal Agent, each Paying Agent, the Registrar, the 
Exchange Agent, each Transfer Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Swedish Securities Issuing 
and Paying Agent in the case of Swedish Securities, the Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying 
Agent in the case of Finnish Securities or the French Securities Issuing and Paying Agent in the 
case of French Cleared Securities and French Law Securities and (if applicable) the French Law 
Securities Registration Agent in the case of French Law Securities act solely as agents or, as the 
case may be, registrars of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor and do 
not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any holder. The Issuer, 
the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor reserve the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, 
the Registrar, the Exchange Agent, any Transfer Agent, the Swedish Securities Issuing and 
Paying Agent in the case of Swedish Securities, the Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent 
in the case of Finnish Securities or the French Securities Issuing and Paying Agent in the case 
of French Cleared Securities and French Law Securities and (if applicable and provided that 
only the Issuer may vary or terminate such appointment) the French Law Securities Registration 
Agent in the case of French Law Securities and to appoint additional or other agents (any of 
which may be the Issuer, an Affiliate of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, an affiliate of the 
CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor or an Affiliate of the CGMFL Guarantor) 
PROVIDED THAT the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor will at all 
times maintain: 
(i) 
a Fiscal Agent;  
(ii) 
at any time at which any Registered Security is outstanding, a Registrar; 
(iii) 
at any time at which any Registered Security cleared through DTC is outstanding, an 
Exchange Agent in relation thereto;  
(iv) 
at any time at which any Registered Security is outstanding, a Transfer Agent in relation 
thereto; 
(v) 
a Calculation Agent where the Conditions so require one; 
(vi) 
a Paying Agent having a specified office in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated;

--- Page 351 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
323 
 
(vii) 
at any time while any Swedish Security is outstanding, a Swedish Securities Issuing and 
Paying Agent authorised to act as an issuing agent (Sw. emissionsinstitut) with Euroclear 
Sweden;  
(viii) at any time while any Finnish Security is outstanding, a Finnish Securities Issuing and 
Paying Agent authorised to act both as an account operator (Fin. tilinhoitaja) and issuer 
agent (Fin. liikkeeseenlaskijan asiamies) with Euroclear Finland;  
(ix) 
at any time while any French Cleared Security or French Law Security is outstanding, a 
French Securities Issuing and Paying Agent authorised to act as issuing and paying agent 
with Euroclear France and (if applicable) a French Law Securities Registration Agent 
for French Law Securities in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif); and 
(x) 
such other agents as may be required by the rules of any stock exchange on which the 
Securities may be listed. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office of the Fiscal Agent, any other 
Paying Agent, any Transfer Agent or the Registrar will promptly be given to the Securityholders 
in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
(g) 
Payment Days 
If, in respect of Securities other than Swedish Securities, any date for payment in respect of any 
Security is not a Payment Day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next 
following Payment Day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. 
In this paragraph, Payment Day means: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in: 
(A) 
in the case of Securities in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; 
and 
(B) 
such jurisdictions as shall be specified as "Business Day Jurisdictions" in the 
applicable Issue Terms and, if "Business Day Jurisdiction" is specified to be or 
include "TARGET" or "TARGET Business Day", Payment Day shall also be a 
TARGET Business Day; and 
(ii) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than Euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars 
shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (B) in relation to any sum payable in 
Euro, a TARGET Business Day; and 
(iii) 
in the case of any payment in respect of a Global Registered Security Certificate 
denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars and registered in the name 
of DTC or its nominee and in respect of which an accountholder of DTC (with interests 
in such Global Registered Security Certificate) has elected to receive any part of such 
payment in U.S. dollars, a day on which commercial banks are not authorised or required 
by law or regulation to be closed in New York City. 
If, in respect of Swedish Securities, any date for payment is not a Payment Day, the holder shall 
not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day nor to any interest or other sum 
in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, Payment Day means a day which is a 
Stockholm Banking Day and: 
(A) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than Euro) a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business

--- Page 352 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
324 
 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of such relevant currency; or 
(B) 
(in the case of a payment in Euro) a day which is a TARGET Business Day. 
If, in respect of Finnish Securities, any date for payment in respect of any Finnish Securities is 
not a Payment Day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment 
Day nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, 
Payment Day means a day which is a Helsinki Banking Day and a TARGET Business Day (if 
applicable). 
(h) 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in the Conditions is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be subject 
to adjustment in accordance with a business day convention (a Business Day Convention) and 
(x) such day would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day or (y) there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar months in which such date should occur, then, if 
the Business Day Convention specified in the applicable Issue Terms is (i) the Floating Rate 
Convention, (1) in the case of (x) above such date shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (A) such 
date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each 
subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have 
fallen had it not been subject to adjustment or (2) in the case of (y) above, shall be the last day 
that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (B) above shall apply mutatis 
mutandis, (ii) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next 
day which is a Business Day, (iii) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day or (iv) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
9. 
Taxation  
All references to the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee in the 
Conditions including but not limited to this Condition shall be ignored in relation to Securities 
issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. All references to the CGMFL Guarantor and the 
CGMFL Deed of Guarantee in the Conditions including but not limited to this Condition 
shall be ignored in relation to Securities issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI 
(a) 
The provisions of this paragraph (a) apply only where Citigroup Inc. is the Issuer 
The Issuer will, subject to the exceptions and limitations set forth below, pay as additional 
interest to the holder of any Security or entitled person under the Citigroup Inc. Deed of 
Covenant such amounts as may be necessary so that every net payment on such Security or the 
Citigroup Inc. Deed of Covenant, after deduction or withholding for or on account of any present 
or future tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed upon or as a result of such 
payment by the United States (or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein) 
will not be less than the amount provided in such Security or the Citigroup Inc. Deed of 
Covenant to be then due and payable. However, the Issuer will not be required to make any such 
payment of additional interest for or on account of: 
(i) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed but 
for (A) the existence of any present or former connection between such holder or 
beneficial owner or entitled person (or between a fiduciary, settlor or beneficiary of, or 
a person holding a power over, such holder or beneficial owner or entitled person, if such 
holder or beneficial owner or entitled person is an estate or a trust, or a member or 
shareholder of such holder or beneficial owner or entitled person, if such holder or 
beneficial owner or entitled person is a partnership or corporation) and the United States, 
including, without limitation, such holder or beneficial owner or entitled person (or such 
fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, person holding a power, member or shareholder) being or 
having been a citizen or resident thereof or being or having been engaged in trade or

--- Page 353 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
325 
 
business or present therein or having or having had a permanent establishment therein or 
(B) such holder's or beneficial owner's or entitled person's past or present status as a 
personal holding company or private foundation or other tax-exempt organisation with 
respect to the United States or as a corporation that accumulates earnings to avoid United 
States federal income tax; 
(ii) 
any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, transfer or personal property tax or any similar tax, 
assessment or other governmental charge; 
(iii) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed but 
for the presentation for payment or demand for payment, as the case may be, by the 
holder or beneficial owner or entitled person of a Security or under the Citigroup Inc. 
Deed of Covenant more than 15 days after the date on which such payment became due 
and payable or on which payment thereof was duly provided for, whichever occurs later 
(the Relevant Date); 
(iv) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that is payable otherwise than by 
deduction or withholding from a payment on a Security or under the Citigroup Inc. Deed 
of Covenant; 
(v) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge required to be deducted or withheld 
by any Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, from a payment on a Security 
or under the Citigroup Inc. Deed of Covenant if such payment can be made without such 
deduction or withholding by any other Paying Agent or the Registrar (if applicable); 
(vi) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed but 
for a failure to comply with applicable certification, documentation, information or other 
reporting requirement concerning the nationality, residence, identity or connection with 
the United States of the holder or beneficial owner of or entitled person under a Security 
or the Citigroup Inc. Deed of Covenant if, without regard to any tax treaty, such 
compliance is required by statute or regulation of the United States as a precondition to 
relief or exemption from such tax, assessment or other governmental charge; 
(vii) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed on a holder or beneficial 
owner or entitled person that actually or constructively owns 10 per cent. or more of the 
combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Issuer as described in Section 
871(h)(3)(B) of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
Code), that is a bank receiving interest described in Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, 
that receives contingent interest described in Section 871(h)(4) of the Code or that is a 
controlled foreign corporation related to the Issuer through stock ownership as described 
in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code; 
(viii) a payment on a Security or the Citigroup Inc. Deed of Covenant to a holder or entitled 
person that is a fiduciary or partnership or other than the sole beneficial owner of such 
payment to the extent a beneficiary or settlor with respect to such fiduciary or a member 
of such partnership or a beneficial owner would not have been entitled to the additional 
interest had such beneficiary, settlor, member or beneficial owner been the holder or 
entitled person of or under such Security or the Citigroup Inc. Deed of Covenant; 
(ix) 
taxes imposed under Sections 871(m) or 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations 
promulgated thereunder or official interpretations thereof, or any agreement entered into 
pursuant to such legislation or legislation enacted to comply with such an agreement;  
(x) 
any tax, assessment or governmental charge imposed in respect of any Security that the 
Issuer indicates in the applicable Issue Terms it will not treat as debt for United States 
federal income tax purposes; or 
(xi) 
French 30% flat tax imposed on interest and other similar revenues received by holders 
who are fiscally domiciled in France where the Paying Agent is established in France (or 
if the Paying Agent is established in an EU or EEA Member State and has been appointed 
by the tax payer to withhold, pay and report the flat tax on his behalf).

--- Page 354 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
326 
 
(b) 
The provisions of this paragraph (b) apply only where CGMHI is the Issuer 
The Issuer and the CGMHI Guarantor will, subject to the exceptions and limitations set forth 
below, pay as additional interest to the holder of any Security or entitled person under the 
CGMHI Deed of Covenant or the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee such amounts as may be necessary 
so that every net payment on such Security or the CGMHI Deed of Covenant or the CGMHI 
Deed of Guarantee, after deduction or withholding for or on account of any present or future 
tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed upon or as a result of such payment by 
the United States (or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein) will not be 
less than the amount provided in such Security, the CGMHI Deed of Covenant or the CGMHI 
Deed of Guarantee to be then due and payable. However, the Issuer and the CGMHI Guarantor 
will not be required to make any such payment of additional interest for or on account of: 
(i) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed but 
for (A) the existence of any present or former connection between such holder or 
beneficial owner or entitled person (or between a fiduciary, settlor or beneficiary of, or 
a person holding a power over such holder or beneficial owner or entitled person, if such 
holder or beneficial owner or entitled person is an estate or a trust, or a member or 
shareholder of such holder or beneficial owner or entitled person, if such holder or 
beneficial owner or entitled person is a partnership or corporation) and the United States, 
including, without limitation, such holder or beneficial owner or entitled person (or such 
fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, person holding a power, member or shareholder) being or 
having been a citizen or resident thereof or being or having been engaged in trade or 
business or present therein or having or having had a permanent establishment therein or 
(B) such holder's or beneficial owner's or entitled person's past or present status as a 
personal holding company or private foundation or other tax-exempt organisation with 
respect to the United States or as a corporation that accumulates earnings to avoid United 
States federal income tax; 
(ii) 
any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, transfer or personal property tax or any similar tax, 
assessment or other governmental charge; 
(iii) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed but 
for the presentation for payment or demand for payment, as the case may be, by the 
holder or beneficial owner or entitled person of a Security, under the CGMHI Deed of 
Covenant or under the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee more than 15 days after the date on 
which such payment became due and payable or on which payment thereof was duly 
provided for, whichever occurs later (the Relevant Date); 
(iv) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that is payable otherwise than by 
deduction or withholding from a payment on a Security, under the CGMHI Deed of 
Covenant or under the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee; 
(v) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge required to be deducted or withheld 
by any Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, from a payment on a Security, 
under the CGMHI Deed of Covenant or under the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee if such 
payment can be made without such deduction or withholding by any other Paying Agent 
or the Registrar (if applicable); 
(vi) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed but 
for a failure to comply with applicable certification, documentation, information or other 
reporting requirement concerning the nationality, residence, identity or connection with 
the United States of the holder or beneficial owner of or entitled person under a Security, 
the CGMHI Deed of Covenant or the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee if, without regard to 
any tax treaty, such compliance is required by statute or regulation of the United States 
as a precondition to relief or exemption from such tax, assessment or other governmental 
charge; 
(vii) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed on a holder or beneficial 
owner or entitled person that actually or constructively owns 10 per cent. or more of the 
combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Issuer as described in Section

--- Page 355 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
327 
 
871(h)(3)(B) of the Code that is a bank receiving interest described in Section 
881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, that receives contingent interest described in Section 871(h)(4) 
of the Code or that is a controlled foreign corporation related to the Issuer through stock 
ownership as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code; 
(viii) a payment on a Security, the CGMHI Deed of Covenant or the CGMHI Deed of 
Guarantee to a holder or entitled person that is a fiduciary or partnership or other than 
the sole beneficial owner of such payment to the extent a beneficiary or settlor with 
respect to such fiduciary or a member of such partnership or a beneficial owner would 
not have been entitled to the additional interest had such beneficiary, settlor, member or 
beneficial owner been the holder or entitled person of or under such Security, the CGMHI 
Deed of Covenant or the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee; 
(ix) 
taxes imposed under Sections 871(m) or 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations 
promulgated thereunder or official interpretations thereof, or any agreement entered into 
pursuant to such legislation or legislation enacted to comply with such agreement;  
(x) 
any tax, assessment or governmental charge imposed in respect of any Security that the 
Issuer indicates in the applicable Issue Terms it will not treat as a debt for United States 
federal income tax purposes; or 
(xi) 
French 30% flat tax imposed on interest and other similar revenues received by holders 
who are fiscally domiciled in France where the Paying Agent is established in France (or 
if the Paying Agent is established in an EU or EEA Member State and has been appointed 
by the tax payer to withhold, pay and report the flat tax on his behalf).  
(c) 
The provisions of this paragraph (c) apply only where CGMFL is the Issuer 
The Issuer and the CGMFL Guarantor will, subject to the exceptions and limitations set forth 
below, pay as additional interest to the holder of any Security or entitled person under the 
CGMFL Deed of Covenant or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee such amounts as may be 
necessary so that every net payment on such Security, the CGMFL Deed of Covenant or the 
CGMFL Deed of Guarantee, after deduction or withholding for or on account of any present or 
future tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed upon or as a result of such 
payment by Luxembourg (in the case of payments by CGMFL) or the United Kingdom (in the 
case of payments by the CGMFL Guarantor) or, in either case, any political subdivision or 
taxing authority thereof or therein, will not be less than the amount provided in such Security, 
the CGMFL Deed of Covenant or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee to be then due and payable. 
However, neither the Issuer nor the CGMFL Guarantor will be required to make any such 
payment of additional interest for or on account of: 
(i) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed but 
for the existence of any present or future connection between such holder or beneficial 
owner or entitled person and Luxembourg, (in the case of payments by CGMFL) or the 
United Kingdom (in the case of payments by the CGMFL Guarantor) other than the mere 
holding of the Security or being entitled under the CGMFL Deed of Covenant or the 
CGMFL Deed of Guarantee;  
(ii) 
any Security, the CGMFL Deed of Covenant or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee 
presented for payment in Luxembourg;  
(iii) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge to which such holder or beneficial 
owner or entitled person would not be liable or subject by making a declaration of non-
residence or other similar claim for exemption to the relevant tax authority;  
(iv) 
any tax, assessment or governmental charge that would not have been imposed but for 
the presentation for payment or demand for payment, as the case may be, by the holder 
or beneficial owner or entitled person of a Security or under the CGMFL Deed of 
Covenant or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee more than 15 days after the date on which 
such payment became due and payable or on which payment thereof was duly provided 
for, whichever occurs later (the Relevant Date);

--- Page 356 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
328 
 
(v) 
taxes imposed under Sections 871(m) or 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations 
promulgated thereunder or official interpretations thereof, or any agreement entered into 
pursuant to such legislation, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto; or 
(vi) 
French 30% flat tax imposed on interest and other similar revenues received by holders 
who are fiscally domiciled in France where the Paying Agent is established in France (or 
if the Paying Agent is established in an EU or EEA Member State and has been appointed 
by the tax payer to withhold, pay and report the flat tax on his behalf). 
(d) 
The provisions of this paragraph (d) apply to all Securities, regardless of the Issuer 
References in the Conditions to (i) principal shall be deemed to include any premium payable 
in respect of the Securities, any Redemption Amount, any Early Redemption Amount, any 
Optional Redemption Amount and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant 
to General Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase) and the Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
(and in the case of Credit Linked Notes, the Credit Linked Conditions or in the case of Index 
Skew Notes, the Index Skew Conditions) and the provisions of the applicable Issue Terms, (ii) 
interest shall be deemed to include any Interest Amount and all other amounts in the nature of 
interest payable pursuant to General Condition 5 (Interest) and the Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule (and in the case of Credit Linked Notes, the Credit Linked Conditions or in the case 
of Index Skew Notes, the Index Skew Conditions) and the provisions of the applicable Issue 
Terms and (iii) in any context, the payment of the principal of (or premium, if any) or interest 
on any Security, such mention shall be deemed to include mention of the payment of additional 
interest provided for in this General Condition 9 to the extent that, in such context, additional 
interest is, was or would be payable in respect thereof pursuant to the provisions of this General 
Condition 9 and express mention of the payment of additional interest (if applicable) in any 
provisions hereof shall not be construed as excluding additional interest in those provisions 
hereof where such express mention is not made. Where the Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
(and in the case of Credit Linked Notes, the Credit Linked Conditions or in the case of Index 
Skew Notes, the Index Skew Conditions) and the applicable Issue Terms do not provide for the 
payment of interest, references to interest in the Conditions shall be disregarded and the 
Conditions construed accordingly. 
10. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Securities (other than Swedish Securities 
and Finnish Securities) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within ten years (in 
the case of principal or termination amounts) or five years (in the case of interest) from the 
appropriate Relevant Date (as defined in General Condition 9 (Taxation)) in respect thereof. 
If the Securities are Swedish Securities, claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the 
Securities shall be prescribed and become void unless made within ten years (in the case of 
principal or termination amounts) or five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate 
Relevant Date in respect thereof. For the purposes of this paragraph, Relevant Date means the 
date on which such payment first becomes due, or such later date on which an interruption of 
the period of limitation (Sw. preskriptionsavbrott) is made in accordance with the Swedish 
Limitations Act 1981 (Sw. preskriptionslagen (1991: 130)). 
If the Securities are Finnish Securities, claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the 
Securities and any principal, interest or termination amounts shall be prescribed unless made 
within three years after the date on which such payment becomes due and payable therefor and 
thereafter any principal, interest or termination amounts payable in respect of such Securities 
shall be forfeited and revert to the Issuer. 
11. 
Events of Default 
All references to the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee in the 
Conditions including but not limited to this Condition shall be ignored in relation to Securities 
issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. All references to the CGMFL Guarantor and the

--- Page 357 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
329 
 
CGMFL Deed of Guarantee in the Conditions including but not limited to this Condition 
shall be ignored in relation to Securities issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI 
(a) 
Event of Default wherever used herein with respect to the Securities means any one of the 
following events: 
(i) 
default in the payment of any interest upon any Security when it becomes due and 
payable, and continuance of such default for a period of 30 days; or 
(ii) 
default in the payment of the principal or termination amounts of any Security at its due 
date or default in the delivery of any Entitlement in respect of any Security at its due 
date, and continuance of any such default for a period of 30 days; or 
(iii) 
default in the performance, or breach, of any covenant of the Issuer or the CGMFL 
Guarantor in the Conditions or the Fiscal Agency Agreement (other than a covenant a 
default in whose performance or whose breach is elsewhere in this General Condition 11 
specifically dealt with) or the CGMFL Guarantor under the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee 
and continuance of such default or breach for a period of 60 days after there has been 
given, by registered or certified mail, to the Issuer or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case 
may be, by the holders of at least 25 per cent. in principal amount or number of the 
Outstanding Securities, a written notice specifying such default or breach and requiring 
it to be remedied and stating that such notice is a "Notice of Default" hereunder; or 
(iv) 
THIS GENERAL CONDITION 11(a)(iv) ONLY APPLIES WHERE THE ISSUER IS 
CITIGROUP INC. OR CGMHI: the entry of a decree or order for relief in respect of the 
Issuer by a court having jurisdiction in the premises in an involuntary case under the 
United States Federal bankruptcy laws, as now or hereafter constituted, or any other 
applicable United States Federal or State bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or 
appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator (or other 
similar official) of the Issuer or of the whole or substantially the whole of its property, 
or ordering the winding up or liquidation of its affairs, and the continuance of any such 
decree or order unstayed and in effect for a period of 90 consecutive days; or 
(v) 
THIS GENERAL CONDITION 11(a)(v) ONLY APPLIES WHERE THE ISSUER IS 
CITIGROUP INC. OR CGMHI: the commencement by the Issuer of a voluntary case 
under the United States Federal bankruptcy laws, as now or hereafter constituted, or any 
other applicable United States Federal or State bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar 
law, or the consent by it to the entry of an order for relief in an involuntary case under 
any such law or to the appointment of a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, 
sequestrator (or other similar official) of the Issuer or of the whole or substantially the 
whole of its property, or the making by the Issuer of an assignment for the benefit of its 
creditors generally, or the admission by the Issuer in writing of its inability to pay its 
debts generally as they become due; or 
(vi) 
THIS GENERAL CONDITION 11(a)(vi) ONLY APPLIES WHERE THE ISSUER IS 
CGMFL:  
(A) 
any order is made by any component court or any resolution passed for the 
winding up or dissolution of the Issuer (including, without limitation, the opening 
of any bankruptcy (faillite), insolvency, voluntary or judicial liquidation, 
(insolvabilitié, liquidation volontaire or judiciaire), composition with creditors 
(concordat préventif de faillite), reprieve from payment (sursis de paiement), 
controlled management (gestion controlée), fraudulent conveyance (actio 
pauliana), general settlement with creditors or reorganisation proceedings or 
similar proceedings affecting the rights of creditors generally) or the appointment 
of a receiver of the Issuer (including, without limitation, the appointment of any 
receiver (curateur), liquidator (liquidateur), auditor (commissaire), verifier 
(expert vérificateur, juge délégué or juge commissaire) save for the purposes of 
amalgamation, 
merger, 
consolidation, reorganisation 
or 
other 
similar 
arrangement); or

--- Page 358 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
330 
 
(B) 
the entry of a decree or order for relief in respect of the CGMFL Guarantor by a 
court having jurisdiction in the premises in an involuntary case under the United 
Kingdom bankruptcy laws, as now or hereafter constituted, or any other 
applicable United Kingdom bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or 
appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator (or 
other similar official) of the CGMFL Guarantor or of the whole or substantially 
the whole of its property, or ordering the winding up or liquidation of its affairs, 
and the continuance of any such decree or order unstayed and in effect for a period 
of 90 consecutive days; or 
(C) 
the commencement by the CGMFL Guarantor of a voluntary case under the 
United Kingdom bankruptcy laws, as now or hereafter constituted, or any other 
applicable United Kingdom bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or the 
consent by it to the entry of an order for relief in an involuntary case under any 
such law or to the appointment of a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, 
trustee, sequestrator (or other similar official) of the CGMFL Guarantor or of the 
whole or substantially the whole of its property, or the making by the CGMFL 
Guarantor of an assignment for the benefit of its creditors generally, or the 
admission by the CGMFL Guarantor in writing of its inability to pay its debts 
generally as they become due; or 
(vii) 
THIS GENERAL CONDITION 11(a)(vii) ONLY APPLIES WHERE THE ISSUER IS 
CGMFL: the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee ceases to be, or is claimed by the CGMFL 
Guarantor not to be, in full force and effect (except, for the avoidance of doubt, where 
this is a result of the CGMFL Guarantor becoming the Issuer pursuant to the Conditions). 
For the avoidance of doubt, for the purposes of this provision, the CGMFL Deed of 
Guarantee shall be deemed not to have ceased to be in full force and effect in 
circumstances where there is a consolidation or merger of the CGMFL Guarantor in 
accordance with General Condition 16 (Consolidation or Merger) or where a substitution 
of the CGMFL Guarantor is effected in accordance with General Condition 17 
(Substitution of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor). 
(b) 
If an Event of Default with respect to the Securities at the time Outstanding occurs and is 
continuing, then in every such case the holders of not less than 25 per cent. in principal amount 
or number of the Outstanding Securities may declare the Securities, by a notice in writing to the 
Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor and the Fiscal Agent, to be immediately 
due and payable, whereupon each Security (in the case of a Note, representing a principal 
amount equal to the Calculation Amount) shall become due and repayable at the Early 
Redemption Amount as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. Upon such payment in respect 
of any Security, all obligations of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor 
in respect of such Security shall be discharged.  
(c) 
Outstanding when used with respect to the Securities, means, as of the date of determination, 
all Securities authenticated and delivered under the Conditions prior to such date, except: 
(i) 
Securities cancelled by the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar or delivered to the Fiscal Agent 
or the Registrar for cancellation; 
(ii) 
Securities or portions thereof for whose payment or redemption money in the necessary 
amount has been deposited with the Fiscal Agent or any other Paying Agent in 
accordance with the Fiscal Agency Agreement; provided, however, that if such 
Securities or portions thereof are to be redeemed, notice of such redemption has been 
duly given pursuant to the Conditions or provision therefor satisfactory to the Fiscal 
Agent has been made; and 
(iii) 
Securities in exchange for or in lieu of which other Securities have been authenticated 
and delivered pursuant to the Conditions, other than any such Securities in respect of 
which there shall have been presented to the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar proof 
satisfactory to it that such Securities are held by a bona fide purchaser in whose hands 
such Securities are valid obligations of the Issuer,

--- Page 359 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
331 
 
provided, however, that in determining whether the holders of the requisite principal amount or 
number of Securities Outstanding have performed any act hereunder, Securities owned by the 
Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor or any person directly or indirectly 
controlling or controlled by or under direct or indirect common control of the Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor shall be disregarded and deemed not to be Outstanding. 
Securities so owned that have been pledged in good faith may be regarded as Outstanding if the 
pledgee establishes to the satisfaction of the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar the pledgee's right to 
act with respect to such Securities and that the pledgee is not the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor 
or the CGMFL Guarantor or any person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or 
under direct or indirect common control of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL 
Guarantor.  
12. 
Meetings of Securityholders, Modifications, Determinations and Rounding 
(a) 
Meetings of Securityholders 
The Fiscal Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of holders of 
Securities (including Swedish Securities and Finnish Securities) to consider any matter affecting 
their interests, including modification by Extraordinary Resolution of the Securities (including 
the Conditions insofar as the same may apply to the Securities), the relevant Deed of Covenant, 
the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee, as applicable, as they relate 
to the Securities. The Fiscal Agency Agreement provides that (a) a resolution passed at a 
meeting duly convened and held in accordance with the Fiscal Agency Agreement by a majority 
consisting of not less than three-quarters of the votes cast on such resolution, (b) a resolution in 
writing signed by or on behalf of all the Securityholders, or (c) consent given by way of 
electronic consents through the relevant Clearing System(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Fiscal 
Agent) by or on behalf of all the Securityholders, shall, in each case, be effective as an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Securityholders. An Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at 
any such meeting shall be binding on all the holders of the Securities, whether present or not, 
except that any Extraordinary Resolution proposed, inter alia, (i) to amend the dates of maturity 
or redemption of the Securities, or any date for payment of interest thereon, (ii) to reduce or 
cancel the principal amount or number of the Securities, the Early Redemption Amount, the 
Optional Redemption Amount, the Merger Redemption Amount (as defined in the Credit 
Linked Conditions), the Substitution Event Redemption Amount (as defined in the Credit 
Linked Conditions), the Redemption Amount or any other amount payable or deliverable on 
redemption of the Securities, (iii) to reduce the rate or rates of interest in respect of the Securities 
or to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of interest, (iv) if a 
Minimum Interest Rate and/or a Maximum Interest Rate is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, to reduce any such Minimum and/or Maximum Interest Rate, (v) to change any method 
of calculating the Early Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount, the Merger 
Redemption Amount (as defined in the Credit Linked Conditions), the Substitution Event 
Redemption Amount (as defined in the Credit Linked Conditions), the Redemption Amount or 
any Entitlement, (vi) to change the currency or currencies of payment of the Securities, (vii) to 
modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of holders of Securities 
or any adjournment thereof or the majority required to pass the Extraordinary Resolution or 
(viii) to take any steps which as specified in the applicable Issue Terms may only be taken 
following approval by an Extraordinary Resolution to which the special quorum provisions 
apply, will only be binding if passed at a meeting of the holders of Securities (or at any 
adjournment thereof) at which a special quorum (provided for in the Fiscal Agency Agreement) 
is present. 
If a holder of Swedish Securities held through a nominee (a Swedish Indirect Securityholder) 
attends the meeting (in person or through a duly authorised agent) and shows a certificate from 
the relevant nominee showing that such Swedish Indirect Securityholder on the fifth (5th) 
Stockholm Business Day prior to the meeting was a holder of Swedish Securities, the Swedish 
Indirect Securityholder shall be regarded the holder of such Swedish Securities for the purposes 
of this General Condition 12. 
In connection with a meeting of holders of such Swedish Securities, the Swedish Securities 
Issuing and Paying Agent shall, to the fullest extent permitted under the Swedish CSD Rules, 
have access to the CSD Register (Sw. avstämningsregistret) for the Swedish Securities.

--- Page 360 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
332 
 
The Issuer shall notify Euroclear Finland of meetings of holders of Finnish Securities no later 
than eight Helsinki Banking Days before the meeting. The notification shall include the time 
and place of the meeting, its agenda, record date (if applicable) as well as instructions on how 
to participate in the meeting. The Issuer shall notify Euroclear Finland of any decisions by the 
meeting without undue delay.  
Securityholders holding Finnish Securities through a nominee in the Euroclear Finland register 
shall before participating in the meeting in person or through a duly authorised agent register 
their holdings in the temporary shareholder register in accordance with the Euroclear Finland 
Rules and Euroclear Finland CEO decisions. 
In the case of French Law Securities, the following provisions of this General Condition 12(a) 
below shall apply in lieu of the foregoing provisions. 
Full Masse 
In respect of French domestic issues of French Law Securities with a Specified Denomination 
of less than EUR 100,000 or for which the minimum purchase amount per investor and per 
transaction is less than EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue 
Date), the relevant Issue Terms shall specify "Full Masse" with respect to "Representation of 
Securityholders / Masse". "Full Masse" may also be specified in respect of French Law 
Securities with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000 or for which the minimum 
purchase amount per investor and per transaction is at least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in 
the relevant currency as of the Issue Date), or are issued outside France. If the relevant Issue 
Terms specify "Full Masse" with respect to "Representation of Securityholders / Masse" the 
following provisions of this General Condition 12(a) shall apply with respect to the full 
provisions of the French Code de commerce relating to the Masse (in each case, the "Masse"). 
In this case, the Securityholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped 
automatically for the defence of their common interests in a Masse in accordance with the full 
provisions of the French Code de commerce relating to the Masse. 
(i) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the 
"Representative") and in part through a general meeting of the Securityholders (the 
"General Meeting").  
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Securityholders, shall exercise the 
common rights, actions and benefits which now or in the future may accrue respectively 
with respect to the French Law Securities. The provisions of the French Code de 
commerce relating to the Masse shall apply, as completed by, and subject to, the 
provisions of this Condition 12(a). 
(ii) 
Representative 
The office of Representative may be conferred on a person of any nationality who agrees 
to perform such a function. However, the following persons may not be chosen as 
Representatives in respect of Article L.228-49 of the French Code de commerce: 
(A) 
the Issuer, the members of its Board of Directors (Conseil d'administration), their 
Supervisory Board (Conseil de surveillance), its general managers (directeurs 
généraux), its statutory auditors, its employees as well as its ascendants, 
descendants and spouse; 
(B) 
the Guarantor, and more generally companies guaranteeing all or part of the 
obligations of the Issuer, their respective managers (gérants), general managers 
(directeurs généraux), members of their Board of Directors (Conseil 
d'administration), Executive Board (Directoire), or Supervisory Board (Conseil 
de surveillance), their statutory auditors, or employees as well as their ascendants, 
descendants and spouse;

--- Page 361 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
333 
 
(C) 
companies holding ten per cent. or more of the share capital of the Issuer or 
companies having ten per cent. or more of their share capital held by the Issuer; 
or 
(D) 
persons to whom the practice of banker is forbidden or who have been deprived 
of the right of directing, administering or managing an enterprise in whatever 
capacity. 
Pursuant to Article L.228-51 of the French Code de commerce, the names and addresses 
of the initial Representative of the Masse and its alternate will be set out in the relevant 
Issue Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series 
of French Law Securities will be the Representative of the single Masse of all Tranches 
in such Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions 
or duties as set out in the relevant Issue Terms. 
In the event of death, retirement or revocation of appointment of the Representative, such 
Representative will be replaced by another Representative. In the event of death, 
retirement or revocation of appointment of the alternate Representative, an alternate will 
be elected by the General Meeting. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of 
the Representative and the alternate Representative at the head office of the Issuer and 
the specified offices of any of the relevant Agents. 
(iii) 
Powers of Representative 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any decision to the contrary of the General 
Meeting) have the power to take all acts of management necessary in order to defend the 
common interest of the Securityholders. 
All legal proceedings against the Securityholders or initiated by them, must be brought 
by or against the Representative. 
The Representative may not be involved in the management of the affairs of the Issuer.  
The Representative may delegate his powers to a third party, subject to the prescriptions 
specified in Articles L. 228-49, L. 228-62 and L. 228-63 of the French Code de 
commerce.  
(iv) 
General Meeting 
In accordance with Article R. 228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of each 
Securityholder of French Law Securities to participate in General Meetings will be 
evidenced by the entries in the books of the relevant Euroclear France Accountholder of 
the name of such Securityholder of French Law Securities on the second business day in 
Paris preceding the date set for the meeting of the relevant General Meeting at 0:00, Paris 
time. 
In accordance with Articles L.228-59 and R.228-67 of the French Code de commerce, 
notice of date, hour, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published in 
accordance with General Condition 15 not less than 15 days prior to the date of such 
General Meeting on first convocation, and five days on second convocation. 
Each Securityholder of French Law Securities has the right to participate in a General 
Meeting in person, by proxy, correspondence, and in accordance with Article L.228-61 
of the French Code de commerce, videoconference or any other means of 
telecommunication allowing the identification of the participating Securityholders.  
Each French Law Security carries the right to one vote.

--- Page 362 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
334 
 
(v) 
Written Decision and Electronic Consent 
Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de Commerce, the Issuer shall be 
entitled, in lieu of convening a General Meeting, to seek approval of a decision from the 
Securityholders by way of a written decision (the Written Decision). Subject to the 
following sentence, a Written Decision may be contained in one document or in several 
documents in like form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the 
Securityholders. Pursuant to Article L. 228-46 of the French Code de Commerce, 
approval of a Written Decision may also be given by way of electronic communication 
(Electronic Consent). 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Decision (including by way of Electronic 
Consent) will be published as provided under General Condition 15 (Notices) not less 
than five days prior to the date fixed for the passing of such Written Decision (the 
Written Decision Date). Notices seeking the approval of a Written Decision will contain 
the conditions of form and time-limits to be complied with by the Securityholders who 
wish to express their approval or rejection of such proposed Written Decision. 
Securityholders expressing their approval or rejection before the Written Decision Date 
will undertake not to dispose of their French Law Security until after the Written 
Decision Date. 
Contractual Masse  
In respect of (i) issues of French Law Securities with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 
100,000 or for which the minimum purchase amount per investor and per transaction is at least 
EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date), or (ii) issued 
outside France ("à l'étranger"), if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Contractual Masse" the  
Securityholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for the 
defence of their common interests in a Masse in accordance with this General Condition 12(a) 
below. The Masse will be governed by the provisions of the French Code de commerce relating 
to the Masse provided that Article L. 228-65 I 3° shall not apply in the event of a transfer of 
assets from the Issuer to any fully consolidated subsidiary, and with the exception of Articles 
L.228-48, L.228-65 sub-paragraphs 1°, 4° and 6° of I and II, R.228-63 and R.228-69 and further 
subject to provisions below.  
(i) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a Representative 
and in part through a General Meeting.  
(ii) 
Representative 
The office of Representative may be conferred on a person of any nationality who agrees 
to perform such a function. However, the following persons may not be chosen as 
Representatives in respect of Article L.228-49 of the French Code de commerce: 
(A) 
the Issuer, the members of its Board of Directors (Conseil d'administration), their 
Supervisory Board (Conseil de surveillance), its general managers (directeurs 
généraux), its statutory auditors, its employees as well as its ascendants, 
descendants and spouse; 
(B) 
the Guarantor, and more generally companies guaranteeing all or part of the 
obligations of the Issuer, their respective managers (gérants), general managers 
(directeurs généraux), members of their Board of Directors (Conseil 
d'administration), Executive Board (Directoire), or Supervisory Board (Conseil 
de surveillance), their statutory auditors, or employees as well as their ascendants, 
descendants and spouse; 
(C) 
companies holding ten per cent. or more of the share capital of the Issuer or 
companies having ten per cent. or more of their share capital held by the Issuer; 
or

--- Page 363 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
335 
 
(D) 
persons to whom the practice of banker is forbidden or who have been deprived 
of the right of directing, administering or managing an enterprise in whatever 
capacity. 
Pursuant to Article L.228-51 of the French Code de commerce, the names and addresses 
of the initial Representative of the Masse and its alternate will be set out in the relevant 
Issue Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series 
of French Law Securities will be the Representative of the single Masse of all Tranches 
in such Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions 
or duties as set out in the relevant Issue Terms. 
In the event of death, retirement or revocation of appointment of the Representative, such 
Representative will be replaced by another Representative. In the event of death, 
retirement or revocation of appointment of the alternate Representative, an alternate will 
be elected by the General Meeting. 
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of 
the Representative and the alternate Representative at the head office of the Issuer and 
the specified offices of any of the relevant Agents. 
(iii) 
Powers of Representative 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any decision to the contrary of the General 
Meeting) have the power to take all acts of management necessary in order to defend the 
common interest of the Securityholders. 
All legal proceedings against the Securityholders or initiated by them, must be brought 
by or against the Representative. 
The Representative may not be involved in the management of the affairs of the Issuer.  
The Representative may delegate his powers to a third party, subject to the prescriptions 
specified in Articles L. 228-49, L. 228-62 and L. 228-63 of the French Code de 
commerce.  
(iv) 
General Meeting 
In accordance with Article R. 228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of each 
Securityholder of French Law Securities to participate in General Meetings will be 
evidenced by the entries in the books of the relevant Euroclear France Accountholder of 
the name of such Securityholder of French Law Securities on the second business day in 
Paris preceding the date set for the meeting of the relevant General Meeting at 0:00, Paris 
time. 
In accordance with Articles L.228-59 and R.228-67 of the French Code de commerce, 
notice of date, hour, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published in 
accordance with General Condition 15 not less than 15 days prior to the date of such 
General Meeting on first convocation, and five days on second convocation. 
Each Securityholder of French Law Securities has the right to participate in a General 
Meeting in person, by proxy, correspondence, and in accordance with Article L.228-61 
of the French Code de commerce, videoconference or any other means of 
telecommunication allowing the identification of the participating Securityholders.  
Each French Law Security carries the right to one vote. 
(v) 
Written Decision and Electronic Consent 
Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de Commerce, the Issuer shall be 
entitled, in lieu of convening a General Meeting, to seek approval of a decision from the

--- Page 364 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
336 
 
Securityholders by way of a Written Decision. Subject to the following sentence, a 
Written Decision may be contained in one document or in several documents in like 
form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the Securityholders. Pursuant to 
Article L. 228-46 of the French Code de Commerce, approval of a Written Decision may 
also be given by way of Electronic Consent. 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Decision (including by way of Electronic 
Consent) will be published as provided under General Condition 15 (Notices) not less 
than five days prior to the date fixed for the passing of such Written Decision Date. 
Notices seeking the approval of a Written Decision will contain the conditions of form 
and time-limits to be complied with by the Securityholders who wish to express their 
approval or rejection of such proposed Written Decision. Securityholders expressing 
their approval or rejection before the Written Decision Date will undertake not to dispose 
of their French Law Security until after the Written Decision Date. 
Contractual Representation of Securityholders / No Masse 
In respect of (i) issues of French Law Securities with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 
100,000 or for which the minimum purchase amount per investor and per transaction is at least 
EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date), or (ii) issued 
outside of France ("à l'étranger"), if the relevant Issue Terms specify "Contractual 
Representation of Securityholders / No Masse" with respect to "Representation of 
Securityholders / Masse", the following provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
General 
Pursuant to Article L.213-6-3 I of the French Code monétaire et financier: 
(A) 
the Securityholder shall not be grouped in a Masse having separate legal 
personality and acting in part through a Representative (représentant de la masse) 
and in part through General Meetings; 
(B) 
however, the following provisions of the French Code de commerce shall apply: 
Articles L.228-46-1, L.228-57, L.228-61 (with the exception of the first 
paragraph thereof), L.228-65 (with the exception of (i) sub-paragraphs 1°, 3°, 4° 
and 6° of paragraph I and (ii) paragraph II), L.228-66, L.228-67, L.228-76, L.228-
88, R.228-65 to R.228-68, and R.228-70 to R.228-75 of the French Code de 
commerce, and 
(C) 
whenever the words "de la masse", "d'une même masse", "par les représentants 
de la masse", "d'une masse", "et au représentant de la masse", "de la masse 
intéressée", "dont la masse est convoquée en assemblée" or "par un représentant 
de la masse", appear in those provisions, they shall be deemed to be deleted, and 
subject to the following provisions of this General Condition. 
(ii) 
Powers of General Meetings 
Subject to this General Condition, the General Meeting may deliberate with respect to 
any matter that relates to the common rights (intérêts communs) of the Securityholder. 
The General Meeting may deliberate on any proposal relating to the modification of the 
Conditions including any proposal, whether for a compromise or settlement, regarding 
rights which are the subject of litigation or in respect of which a judicial decision has 
been rendered, and relating to a total or partial waiver of the guarantees granted to the 
Securityholder, the deferral of any interest payment and the modification of the 
amortisation or interest rate provisions. For the avoidance of doubt, the General Meeting 
may not establish any inequality of treatment between Securityholders. 
The Securityholder may appoint a nominee to file a proof of claim in the name of all 
Securityholders in the event of judicial reorganisation procedure or judicial liquidation 
of the Issuer.

--- Page 365 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
337 
 
Pursuant to Article L.228-85 of the French Code de commerce, in the absence of such 
appointment of a nominee, the judicial representative (mandataire judiciaire), at its own 
initiative or at the request of any Securityholder, will ask the court to appoint a 
representative of the Securityholder who will file the proof of noteholders' claim. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a General Meeting has no power to deliberate on any 
proposal relating to (a) the modification of the objects or form of the Issuer, (b) the issue 
of notes benefiting from a security over assets (surêté réelle) which will not benefit the 
Securityholder, (c) the potential merger (fusion) or demerger (scission) including partial 
transfers of assets (apports partiels d'actifs) under the demerger regime of or by the 
Issuer or (d) the transfer of the registered office of a European Company (Societas 
Europaea –SE) to a different Member State of the European Union. 
However, each Securityholder is a creditor of the Issuer and as such enjoys, pursuant to 
Article L.213-6-3 IV of the French Code monétaire et financier, all the rights and 
prerogatives of individual creditors in the circumstances described above, including any 
right to object (former opposition). 
Each Securityholder is entitled to bring a legal action against the Issuer for the defence 
of its own interests; such a legal action does not require the authorisation of the General 
Meeting. 
(iii) 
Convening of a General Meeting 
A General Meeting may be held at any time, on convocation by the Issuer. One or more 
Securityholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth (by number) of the French Law 
Securities outstanding, may address to the Issuer a demand for convocation of the 
General Meeting. If such General Meeting has not been convened within two months 
after such demand, the Securityholder may commission one of their members to petition 
a competent court in Paris to appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the General 
Meeting. 
Notice of the date, hour, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published as 
provided under General Condition 15 (Notices), not less than fifteen days prior to the 
date of such General Meeting on first convocation and not less than five days prior to the 
date of such General Meeting on second convocation. 
(iv) 
Arrangements for Voting 
Each Securityholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy, 
by correspondence or by video conference or by any other means of telecommunication 
allowing the identification of a participating Securityholder. Each French Law Security 
carries the right to one vote. In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de 
commerce, the right of each Securityholder to participate in General Meetings will be 
evidenced by the entries in the books of the relevant Euroclear France Account Holder 
of the name of such Securityholder as of 0:00, Paris time, on the second business day 
preceding the date set for the meeting of the relevant General Meeting.  
Decisions of General Meetings must be published in accordance with the provisions set 
forth in General Condition 15 (Notices). 
(v) 
Chairman 
The Securityholders present at a General Meeting shall choose one of them to be 
chairman (the Chairman) by a simple majority of votes present or represented at such 
General Meeting (notwithstanding the absence of a quorum at the time of such vote). If 
the Securityholders fail to designate a Chairman, the Securityholder holding or 
representing the highest number of French Law Securities and present at such meeting 
shall be appointed Chairman, failing which the Issuer may appoint a Chairman. The 
Chairman appointed by the Issuer need not be a Securityholder. The Chairman of an 
adjourned meeting need not be the same person as the Chairman of the original meeting 
from which the adjournment took place.

--- Page 366 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
338 
 
(vi) 
Quorum and Voting 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if Securityholders 
present or represented hold at least one-fifth (by number) of the French Law Securities 
then outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum shall be required. Decisions at 
meetings shall be taken by a simple majority of votes cast by Securityholders attending 
(including by video conference or by any other means of telecommunication allowing 
the identification of participating Securityholders) such General Meetings or represented 
thereat. 
(vii) 
Written Decision and Electronic Consent 
Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce the Issuer shall be 
entitled, in lieu of convening a General Meeting, to seek approval of a resolution from 
the Securityholder by way of a Written Decision. Subject to the paragraph below, a 
Written Decision may be contained in one document or in several documents in like 
form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the Securityholders. Pursuant to 
Article L.228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce, approval of a Written Decision 
may also be given by way of Electronic Consent. 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Decision (including by way of Electronic 
Consent) will be published as provided under General Condition 15 (Notices) not less 
than five days prior to the date fixed for the passing of such Written Decision Date. 
Notices seeking the approval of a Written Decision will contain the conditions of form 
and time-limits to be complied with by the Securityholders who wish to express their 
approval or rejection of such proposed Written Decision. Securityholders expressing 
their approval or rejection before the Written Decision Date will undertake not to dispose 
of their French Law Securities until the Written Decision Date. 
(viii) Effect of Resolutions 
A decision passed at a General Meeting or a Written Decision (including by Electronic 
Consent), shall be binding on all Securityholders, whether or not present or represented 
at the General Meeting and whether or not, in the case of a Written Decision (including 
by Electronic Consent), they have participated in such Written Decision (including by 
Electronic Consent) and each of them shall be bound to give effect to the decision 
accordingly. 
Information to Securityholders 
Each Securityholder will have the right, during (i) the 15-day period preceding the holding of 
the relevant General Meeting on first convocation, (ii) the 5-day period preceding the holding 
of the relevant General Meeting on second convocation or (iii) in the case of a Written Decision, 
a period of not less than five days preceding the Written Decision Date, as the case may be, to 
consult or make a copy of the text of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports 
which will be prepared in connection with such resolution, all of which will be available for 
inspection by the relevant Securityholders at the registered office of the Issuer, at the specified 
offices of any of the French Securities Issuing and Paying Agent during usual business hours 
and at any other place specified in the notice of the General Meeting or the Written Decision.  
Decisions of General Meetings and Written Decision, once approved, will be published in 
accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
Expenses 
If "Contractual Representation of Holders/No Masse" or "Contractual Masse" are specified in 
the relevant Issuer Terms, the Issuer will pay all expenses relating to the operation of the Masse, 
including expenses relating to the calling and holding of General Meetings and seeking the 
approval of a Written Decision, and, more generally, all administrative expenses resolved upon 
by the General Meeting or in writing through Written Decision by the Securityholders, it being 
expressly stipulated that no expenses may be imputed against interest payable under the French 
Law Securities.

--- Page 367 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
339 
 
If "Full Masse" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, Article L.228-71 of the French Code de 
commerce shall apply.  
Single Masse 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify "Full Masse" or "Contractual Masse", the 
Securityholders of the same Series and the Securityholders of any other Series being assimilated 
to the French Law Securities of the said first indicated Series, in accordance with General 
Condition 12 (Meetings of Securityholders, Modifications, Determinations and Rounding), shall 
be grouped into a single Masse for the purpose of defending their respective common interests. 
The Representative appointed for the first Tranche of a Series of French Law Securities will be 
the Representative of the single Masse of that entire Series. 
Single Securityholder 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify "Full Masse" or "Contractual Masse", if and for so 
long as the Notes of a given Series are held by a single Securityholder, the relevant 
Securityholder will exercise directly the powers delegated to the Representative and General 
Meetings of Securityholder under General Condition 12 (Meetings of Securityholders, 
Modifications, Determinations and Rounding), as the case may be, whether or not a 
Representative has been appointed. For the avoidance of doubt, if a Representative has been 
appointed while the French Law Securities of a given Series are held by a single Securityholder, 
such Representative shall be devoid of powers. A Representative shall only be appointed if the 
French Law Securities of a Series are held by more than one Securityholder. If a Representative 
has been appointed while the French Law Securities of any Series were held by a sole 
Securityholder, such Representative shall have no authority. 
(b) 
Modifications 
The Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor may make, without the consent 
of the Securityholders: 
(i) 
any modification (except as mentioned above) to, as applicable, the Securities, the Fiscal 
Agency Agreement, the relevant Deed of Covenant, the relevant Swedish Agency 
Agreement, the Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, the CGMHI 
Deed of Guarantee and/or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee, as applicable, which is, in the 
opinion of the Issuer, not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Securityholders 
(without considering the individual circumstances of any Securityholder or the tax or 
other consequences of such modification in any particular jurisdiction); or 
(ii) 
any modification to the Securities, the Fiscal Agency Agreement, the relevant Deed of 
Covenant, the relevant Swedish Agency Agreement, the Finnish Securities Issuing and 
Paying Agency Agreement, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and/or the CGMFL Deed of 
Guarantee, as applicable, which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to 
correct a manifest error or proven error or to comply with mandatory provisions of law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Securityholders and any such modification shall 
be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices) as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
Save as provided therein and subject as provided above, each Swedish Agency Agreement may 
be amended by agreement among the parties thereto and without the consent of any holders of 
the Securities. 
In the case of French Law Securities, the following provisions of this General Condition 12(b) 
below shall apply in lieu of the foregoing provisions. 
The Issuer may from time to time amend the Conditions of any French Law Securities in 
accordance with General Condition 12(a) (Meetings of Securityholders). 
In respect of French Law Securities which have a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 
100,000 or which can be traded in amounts of at least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in the

--- Page 368 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
340 
 
relevant currency as of the Issue Date), the Issuer may modify the Conditions of the Securities 
without the consent of the Securityholders to correct a manifest error. Notice of any such 
modification will be given to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 15 
(Notices). In other circumstances, the consent of a defined majority of Securityholders is 
required to make amendments. The Conditions of the French Law Securities contain provisions 
for Securityholders to call and attend meetings to vote upon such matters or to pass a written 
resolution in the absence of such a meeting. Resolutions passed at such a meeting, or passed in 
writing, can bind all Securityholders of French Law Securities, including investors that did not 
attend or vote, or who do not consent to the amendments. 
(c) 
Determinations 
Whenever any matter falls to be determined, considered, elected, selected or otherwise decided 
upon by the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other person (including where a matter is to be 
decided by reference to the Issuer or the Calculation Agent's or such other person's opinion), 
that matter shall be determined, considered, elected, selected or otherwise decided upon by the 
Issuer, the Calculation Agent or such other person, as the case may be, in good faith and (i) 
where "Sole and Absolute Determination" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, in its sole 
and absolute discretion or (ii) where "Commercial Determination" is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, in a commercially reasonable manner. Notwithstanding anything else in the 
Conditions, in respect of French Law Securities only, whenever any matter falls to be 
determined, considered, elected, selected or otherwise decided upon by the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent or any other person (including where a matter is to be decided by reference 
to the Issuer or the Calculation Agent's or such other person's opinion), that matter shall be 
determined, considered, elected, selected or otherwise decided upon by the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent or such other person, as the case may be, in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, including without limitation any such determination, consideration, 
election, selection or otherwise which is expressed in the Conditions to be in the sole and 
absolute discretion of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other person. 
The Calculation Agent or such other person may, with the consent of the Issuer, delegate any of 
its obligations and functions to a third party as it deems appropriate. The Issuer may delegate 
any of its obligations and functions to a third party as it deems appropriate. 
All discretions exercised and determinations, considerations, elections, selections or other 
decisions made in respect of the Securities by the Calculation Agent shall (save in the case of 
manifest error) be final, conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the Securityholders and (in 
the absence of wilful default or bad faith) neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent shall have 
any responsibility to any person for any errors or omissions in any (a) calculation by the 
Calculation Agent or the Issuer, as the case may be, of any amount due in respect of the 
Securities or (b) determination made by the Calculation Agent or the Issuer, as the case may be. 
Notwithstanding anything else in the Conditions (save as provided in the next sentence), if the 
terms of the Securities provide that the Redemption Amount payable on the Maturity Date is a 
fixed amount or is determined by reference to a formula, which provides for a minimum amount 
to be payable on the Maturity Date, no modification or adjustment to or calculation under the 
Conditions may be made by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to reduce the amount so payable 
on such date to less than such fixed amount or minimum amount (as applicable), PROVIDED 
THAT the foregoing shall not apply if the applicable Issue Terms provide that "Minimum 
Amount Adjustment Prohibition" is not applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, the preceding 
sentence shall not apply in relation to the rights of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the 
CGMFL Guarantor to make any modification to the Securities pursuant to General Condition 
12(b) above. 
(d) 
(i) 
Exercise of Discretion 
In exercising its discretion in respect of the Securities as provided herein, each of the 
Issuer and the Calculation Agent or such other person (described in (c) above) may take 
into account such factors as it determines appropriate in each case, which may include, 
in particular, any circumstances or events which have or may have a material impact on 
the hedging arrangements entered into by a Hedging Party (as defined in the Valuation

--- Page 369 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
341 
 
and Settlement Schedule) in respect of the Securities PROVIDED THAT, where the 
Securities are issued as Italian Listed Certificates and for so long as they are traded on 
SeDeX or EuroTLX, any such exercise of discretion shall only take into account such 
factors that do not result in a non-compliance with the rules of SeDeX or EuroTLX from 
time to time in effect. The exercise of the Issuer's and/or the Calculation Agent's and/or 
such other person's discretion in respect of the Securities as provided herein are necessary 
because certain circumstances or events (for example a material modification or 
disruption to an Underlying to which the Securities are linked) may occur subsequent to 
the issuance of the Securities which may materially affect the costs to a Hedging Party 
of maintaining the relevant Securities or relevant hedging arrangements. Such 
circumstances or events may not have been reflected in the pricing of the Securities. In 
addition, as a result of certain circumstances or events (e.g. unavailability or disruption 
to any reference source), it may no longer be reasonably practicable or otherwise 
appropriate for certain valuations in respect of any Underlying or otherwise in connection 
with the Securities to be made, thus making it necessary for the Issuer and/or the 
Calculation Agent to exercise its discretion in such a case. 
(ii) 
Determinations and Exercise of Discretion (BEC) 
Notwithstanding anything else in the Conditions, if the applicable Issue Terms specifies 
that "Determinations and Exercise of Discretion (BEC)" is applicable, then: 
(A) 
General Condition 12(d)(i) (Exercise of Discretion) shall not apply and any 
hedging arrangements shall not be taken into consideration by the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent or any other person in respect of any matter which falls to be 
determined, considered, elected, selected or otherwise decided upon by the Issuer, 
the Calculation Agent or any other person, as the case may be; 
(B) 
whenever any matter falls to be determined, considered, elected, selected or 
otherwise decided upon by the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other person, 
that matter shall be determined, considered, elected, selected or otherwise decided 
upon by the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other person, as the case may 
be, in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, including without 
limitation any such determination, consideration, election, selection or otherwise 
which is expressed in the Conditions to be in the sole and absolute discretion of 
the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other person; 
(C) 
in respect of each provision in the Conditions pursuant to which the Calculation 
Agent or Issuer may adjust the terms of the Securities (without the prior consent 
of the Securityholders), the Calculation Agent or Issuer (as applicable) shall take 
all reasonable measures to continue the Securities under similar terms and 
conditions so that any adjustment or alteration made to the essential 
characteristics of the Securities is not substantial and is made in order to preserve 
the original economic rationale and objectives of the Securities; 
(D) 
in respect of each provision in the Conditions pursuant to which the Calculation 
Agent or Issuer may substitute or replace an Underlying or Reference Asset or 
other asset (without the prior consent of the holders), the Calculation Agent or 
Issuer (as applicable) may only replace the applicable original Underlying or 
Reference Asset or other asset (as applicable) with a replacement asset which is 
as similar as possible to the original Underlying or Reference Asset or other asset 
(as applicable) being replaced or substituted; and 
(E) 
the holders may not be charged any costs (such as settlement cost) in relation to 
adjustments or replacements as described in (C) and (D) above. 
In the case of any inconsistency with any other term of the Conditions, this General 
Condition 12(d)(ii) (Determinations and Exercise of Discretion (BEC)) shall prevail 
(save that in the case of any inconsistency General Condition 12(b) (Modifications) shall 
prevail over this General Condition 12(d)(ii) (Determinations and Exercise of Discretion 
(BEC))).

--- Page 370 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
342 
 
(e) 
Hedging Arrangements 
As used in this General Condition 12, hedging arrangements means the arrangements, if any, 
the Issuer makes to have available to it the relevant cash amounts to be paid or assets to be 
delivered under the Securities as these fall due. This may involve a Hedging Party investing 
directly in an Underlying or by entering into securities transactions or loan transactions or 
derivative transactions or any combination thereof. Alternatively, a Hedging Party may make 
an indirect investment by entering into or acquiring a derivative contract referencing an 
Underlying, or in the case of Credit Linked Notes or Index Skew Notes, by entering into 
securities transactions, loan transactions, one or more credit derivative transactions in unfunded 
form with economically equivalent terms to the Credit Linked Notes or a combination of such 
credit derivative transactions with one or more other derivative contracts. Such hedging 
arrangements may be carried out on a portfolio basis (i.e. where the Hedging Party maintains 
arrangements for hedging the Securities together with other obligations of the Issuer and/or its 
Affiliates). A Hedging Party will seek to select hedging arrangements which are efficient for it 
in the context of the tax, regulatory and business environment in which it operates, but will do 
so without having regard to the interests of Securityholders. A Hedging Party may also adjust 
hedging arrangements from time to time but will not always be able to avoid adverse costs, taxes 
or regulatory changes which affect its hedging arrangements. For the avoidance of doubt, no 
Hedging Party is under any obligation to enter into any hedging arrangements and, if any 
hedging arrangements are entered into, such arrangements will not confer any rights or 
entitlements on any Securityholder and no Securityholder will have recourse to any such 
hedging arrangements. 
(f) 
Determination of amounts payable or deliverable 
The Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent and/or such other person will employ the methodology 
described in the Conditions (including the Valuation and Settlement Schedule) to determine 
amounts payable or deliverable in respect of the Securities. When making any such 
determination in relation to any amounts so payable or deliverable, the Issuer and/or the 
Calculation Agent and/or such other person may in its/their sole and absolute discretion (or in 
case of Italian Listed Certificates, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) 
consider any relevant information, which may but is not required to include, without limitation, 
one or more of the following: 
(i) 
quotations (either firm or indicative) supplied by one or more third parties or information 
sources; 
(ii) 
information consisting of relevant market data in the relevant markets supplied by one 
or more third parties or information sources including, without limitation, relevant rates, 
prices, yields, yield curves, volatilities, spreads correlation or other relevant market data 
in the relevant market; or 
(iii) 
information of the types described in (i) or (ii) above from internal sources (including 
any Affiliates of the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent and/or such other persons) or 
other information of a type used by the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent and/or such 
other persons in the regular course of its business or in connection with similar 
transactions. 
Whenever any of the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent and/or such other person is required 
to make any determination it may, inter alia, decide issues of construction and legal 
interpretation. Any delay, deferral or forbearance by the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent 
and/or such other person in the performance or exercise of any of its obligations or discretions 
under the Securities including, without limitation, the giving of any notice by it to any person, 
shall not affect the validity or binding nature of any later performance or exercise of such 
obligation or discretion. 
(g) 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to the Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified), (i) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to

--- Page 371 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
343 
 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (ii) 
all figures will be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (iii) 
all currency amounts which fall due and payable will be rounded to the nearest unit of such 
currency (with halves being rounded up), save in the case of Yen, which shall be rounded down 
to the nearest Yen. For these purposes "unit" means the lowest amount of such currency which 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency.  
(h) 
Disclaimer of liability and responsibility  
None of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and any such other person makes any express or 
implied representations or warranties as to (i) the advisability of investing in or obtaining 
exposure to the Securities, (ii) the value of the Securities at any particular time on any particular 
date, or (iii) any amounts that may become payable or deliverable in respect of the Securities. 
Without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall the Calculation Agent and/or such other 
persons have any liability (whether in negligence or otherwise) to any Securityholders for any 
direct, indirect, special, punitive, consequential or any other damages (including loss of profits) 
even if notified of the possibility of such damages. 
The Calculation Agent and/or such other persons shall not have any responsibility to any holder 
for any errors or omissions in any calculations or determinations in respect of the Securities and 
act solely as agents of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor and do not 
assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any holder. 
In respect of French Law Securities, neither the Issuer nor any Agent shall be held responsible 
for any loss or damage, resulting from any force majeure event as defined in article 1218 of the 
French Code Civil. Where the Issuer or any of the Agents is prevented from effecting payment 
or delivery due to such event, payment or delivery may be postponed until the time the event or 
circumstance impeding payment has ceased, and shall have no obligation to pay or deliver any 
additional amounts in respect of such postponement. 
(i) 
Conflict of Interest 
In addition to providing calculation agency services to the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any 
of its Affiliates may perform further or alternative roles relating to the Issuer and any Series of 
Securities including, but not limited to, for example, being involved in arrangements relating to 
any Underlying(s) (for example as a calculation agent or, in the case of a proprietary index for 
example, as index sponsor). Furthermore, the Calculation Agent or any of its Affiliates may 
contract with the Issuer and/or enter into transactions which relate to the Issuer, the Securities 
or any Underlying and as a result the Calculation Agent may face a conflict between its 
obligations as Calculation Agent and its and/or its Affiliates' interests in other capacities. Subject 
to all regulatory obligations, neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent in respect of the 
Securities shall owe any duty or responsibility to any Securityholder to avoid any conflict or to 
act in the interests of any Securityholder. 
13. 
Replacement of Securities 
If, in respect of Securities other than Swedish Securities, Finnish Securities or French Law 
Securities, a Security is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject 
to applicable laws and stock exchange regulations, at the specified office of the Registrar or 
such other Paying Agent or Transfer Agent as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer 
for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to holders in accordance with General 
Condition 15 (Notices), in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred 
in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may 
provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Security is subsequently 
presented for payment or delivery (where applicable), there will be paid to the Issuer on demand 
the amount payable or an amount equal to the amount so deliverable by the Issuer in respect of 
such Security) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Securities must be 
surrendered before replacements will be issued. This Condition shall not apply to Swedish 
Securities, Finnish Securities or French Law Securities.

--- Page 372 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
344 
 
14. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Securityholders create and issue 
further securities having the same terms and conditions as the Securities (or the same in all 
respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon) PROVIDED 
THAT, for the avoidance of doubt and unless otherwise specified, references in the Conditions 
to "Issue Date" shall be to the first issue date of the Securities and so that the same shall be 
consolidated (with respect to French Law Securities, assimilées) and form a single Series with 
such Securities, and references in the Conditions to "Securities" shall be construed accordingly. 
15. 
Notices 
(a) 
Notices in relation to Securities other than Finnish Securities, Swedish Securities and French 
Law Securities 
All notices to the holders of Registered Securities will be deemed validly given if mailed to 
them at their respective addresses in the Register and any such notice will be deemed to have 
been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the date 
of mailing. 
Until such time as any definitive Securities are issued, there may, so long as any Global 
Registered Security Certificate(s) representing the Securities are held in its or their entirety (as 
applicable) on behalf of any Relevant Clearing System, be substituted for such mailing as 
provided above, the delivery of the relevant notice to each Relevant Clearing System for 
communication by them to the holders of the Securities. Any such notice shall be deemed to 
have been given to the holders of the Securities on the day on which the said notice was given 
to the Relevant Clearing System or, where there is more than one Relevant Clearing System the 
first such Relevant Clearing System. 
For so long as the Securities are listed or admitted to trading on a stock exchange or are admitted 
to trading by any other relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or other relevant 
authority so require, such notice will be published in the manner and/or place or places required 
by those rules. 
Any such notice will be deemed validly given on the date specified above or, if deemed given 
more than once or on different dates, on the date first so deemed given as provided above. 
Notices to be given by any Securityholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together (in the case of any Security in definitive form) with the relative Security or Securities, 
with the Registrar. Whilst any of the Securities are represented by a Global Registered Security 
Certificate, such notice may be given by any Securityholder to the Registrar through the 
Relevant Clearing System in such manner as the Registrar and the Relevant Clearing System 
may approve for this purpose. 
For so long as the Securities are listed or admitted to trading on a stock exchange and the rules 
of that stock exchange so require, such notice will be published in the manner and/or place or 
places required by those rules.  
So long as any Securities are admitted to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market or Euro MTF Market, all 
notices to the holders of such Securities shall be published on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
Any such notices will be deemed validly given the date specified above or on the date of such 
publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the date first deemed given 
or published as provided above. 
(b) 
Notices in relation to Finnish Securities 
Notices to holders of Finnish Securities will be deemed to be validly given if sent by mail to a 
Securityholder on the address registered for such Securityholder in the Euroclear Finland

--- Page 373 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
345 
 
Register maintained by the Euroclear Finland Registrar in accordance with the Euroclear 
Finland Rules. 
With respect to Finnish Securities listed on the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext 
Dublin (Euronext Dublin) (or other stock exchange or relevant authority, as applicable) and so 
long as the rules of that exchange so require, any notices to holders must also be published on 
the website of Euronext Dublin (or other relevant stock exchange or relevant authority) and any 
such notice will be deemed validly given on the date of such publication or, if published more 
than once on different dates, on the date of first publication as provided above. 
(c) 
Notices in relation to Swedish Securities 
Notices to holders of Swedish Securities will be deemed to be validly given if sent by mail to a 
holder of Securities to the address registered for such holder in the system of Euroclear Sweden 
or in accordance with the Swedish CSD Rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been 
given, if sent by mail to the holder, on the fourth day following the day the notice was sent by 
mail. 
Notices to be given by any holder of Securities shall be in writing and given by lodging the same 
with the Swedish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent. 
With respect to Swedish Securities listed on Euronext Dublin (or another stock exchange, as 
applicable) and so long as the rules of that exchange so require, any notices to holders must also 
be published on the website of Euronext Dublin (or other relevant stock exchange) and any such 
notice will be deemed validly given on the date of such publication or, if published more than 
once or on different dates, on the date of first publication as provided above. 
(d) 
Notices in relation to French Law Securities 
(i) 
Notices to the Securityholders of French Law Securities in registered dematerialised 
form (au nominatif) shall be valid if either, (A) they are mailed to them at their respective 
addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday 
(being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, or, (B) at the option of 
the Issuer, they are published (I) as long as such French Law Securities are listed and 
admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, in a leading daily newspaper having general 
circulation in Paris (which is expected to be Les Echos), or (II) they are published in a 
leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe (which is expected to be the 
Financial Times) or (III) they are published in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-
4 of the General Regulations (Règlement Général) of the AMF and so long as such 
French Law Securities are listed and admitted to trading on any regulated market in a 
leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city where the regulated market 
on which such French Law Securities are listed and admitted to trading is located and on 
the website of any other competent authority or regulated market of the EEA Member 
State where the French Law Securities are listed and admitted to trading. 
(ii) 
Notices to the Securityholders of French Law Securities in bearer form (au porteur) shall 
be valid if published (A) so long as such French Law Securities are listed and admitted 
to trading on Euronext Paris, in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Paris 
(which is expected to be Les Echos), or (B) in a leading daily newspaper of general 
circulation in Europe (which is expected to be the Financial Times) or (C) in accordance 
with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations (Règlement Général) of the 
AMF and so long as such French Law Securities are listed and admitted to trading on 
any regulated market in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city 
where the regulated market on which such French Law Securities are listed and admitted 
to trading is located and on the website of any other competent authority or regulated 
market of the EEA member state where the French Law Securities are listed and admitted 
to trading. 
(iii) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in 
another leading daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe.

--- Page 374 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
346 
 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, 
if published more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first such publication. 
(iv) 
Notices required to be given to the Securityholders of French Law Securities (whether 
in registered or in bearer form) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of 
the relevant notice to Euroclear France and any other clearing system through which the 
French Law Securities are for the time being cleared in substitution for the mailing and 
publication of a notice required by General Conditions 15(d)(i), (ii) and (iii) above; 
except that so long as the French Law Securities are listed and admitted to trading on a 
regulated market or other stock exchange and the rules of such regulated market or other 
stock exchange so require, notices shall also be published in a leading daily newspaper 
of general circulation in the city where the regulated market or other stock exchange on 
which such French Law Securities are listed and admitted to trading is located. 
(v) 
Notices relating to convocation and decision(s) pursuant to General Condition 12(a) 
(Meetings of Securityholders) and pursuant to Articles R.228-79 and R.236-11 of the 
French Code de commerce shall be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear 
France and any other clearing system through which the French Law Securities are for 
the time being cleared. For the avoidance of doubt, General Conditions 15(d)(i), (ii), (iii) 
and (iv) above shall not apply to such notices. 
(vi) 
Notices will, if published more than once, be deemed to have been given on the date of 
the first publication. 
16. 
Consolidation or Merger 
(a) 
The Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor shall not consolidate with or merge 
into any other corporation or convey, transfer or lease its properties and assets substantially as 
an entirety to any Person (as defined below), other than (i) in the case of Securities issued by 
Citigroup Inc. and in relation to the Issuer or (ii) in the case of Securities issued by CGMHI and 
in relation to the CGMHI Guarantor only, by way of a conveyance, transfer or lease to one or 
more of its respective Subsidiaries (as defined below), unless  
(i) 
the corporation formed by such consolidation or into which the Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor is merged or the Person which acquires by 
conveyance or transfer, or which leases, the properties and assets of the Issuer 
substantially as an entirety (the successor corporation) shall be a corporation organised 
and existing under the laws of any of the United States, the United Kingdom, 
Luxembourg, France, Germany, Belgium or The Netherlands or, in any such case, any 
political subdivision thereof and shall, by taking such action as may be required to be 
taken were such successor corporation the Substitute for the purposes of General 
Condition 17 (Substitution of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL 
Guarantor), expressly assume, the due and punctual payment of, in the case of a 
consolidation or merger in respect of the Issuer, the principal, interest or termination 
amounts and the due and punctual delivery of all assets on all the Securities and the 
performance of the Conditions on the part of the Issuer to be performed or observed, in 
the case of a consolidation or merger in respect of the CGMHI Guarantor, all amounts 
due under the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee, as applicable, in respect of the Securities and 
the performance of the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee on the part of the CGMHI Guarantor 
to be performed or observed, or, in the case of a consolidation or merger in respect of the 
CGMFL Guarantor, all amounts due under the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee, as 
applicable, in respect of the Securities and the performance of the CGMFL Deed of 
Guarantee on the part of the CGMFL Guarantor to be performed or observed; and 
(ii) 
if the Securities are listed or traded on any stock exchange, each such stock exchange 
shall have confirmed that, following the proposed substitution of the Substitute, the 
Securities will continue to be listed or traded on such stock exchange. 
For the purposes of the Conditions, "Person" means any individual, corporation, partnership, 
joint venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, estate, incorporated organisation or 
government or agency or any political subdivision thereof, and "Subsidiary" means any Person

--- Page 375 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
347 
 
of which a majority of the voting power of the outstanding ownership interests (excluding 
ownership interests entitled to voting power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) 
shall at the time be owned, directly or indirectly, by the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, as 
applicable, and/or one or more relevant Subsidiaries.  For this purpose, "voting power" means 
power to vote in an ordinary election of directors (or, in the case of a Person that is not a 
corporation, ordinarily to appoint or approve the appointment of Persons holding similar 
positions). 
(b) 
Upon any consolidation with or merger into any other corporation, or any conveyance, transfer 
or lease of the properties and assets of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL 
Guarantor substantially as an entirety in accordance with General Condition 16(a) 
(Consolidation or Merger) above, the successor corporation formed by such consolidation or 
into which the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as applicable, is merged 
or to which such conveyance, transfer or lease is made shall succeed to, and be substituted for, 
and may exercise every right and power of, the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL 
Guarantor, as applicable, with the same effect as if such successor corporation had been named 
as the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as applicable, herein (subject as 
provided in General Condition 17(i) (Substitution of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the 
CGMFL Guarantor)), and thereafter, except in the case of a lease, the predecessor corporation 
shall be relieved of all obligations and covenants under the Conditions, the Securities, the 
relevant Deed of Covenant, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee (in the case of a consolidation or 
merger in respect of the CGMHI Guarantor only), the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee (in the case 
of a consolidation or merger in respect of the CGMFL Guarantor only) and the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement. 
17. 
Substitution of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor 
THIS GENERAL CONDITION 17 ONLY APPLIES IN RESPECT OF CGMFL AND THE 
CGMFL GUARANTOR IF "SUBSTITUTION PROVISIONS" ARE SPECIFIED AS 
APPLICABLE IN THE APPLICABLE ISSUE TERMS. 
All references to the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee in the 
Conditions including but not limited to this Condition shall be ignored in relation to Securities 
issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. All references to the CGMFL Guarantor and the 
CGMFL Deed of Guarantee in the Conditions including but not limited to this Condition 
shall be ignored in relation to Securities issued by Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI. 
(a) 
If "Substitution provisions" are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Issuer or the CGMFL Guarantor may, at any time, without the consent of the Securityholders, 
substitute for itself any company (the Substitute), subject to: 
(i) 
save where "Additional Requirements" are specified in the applicable Issue Terms as 
being applicable, on the date of such substitution, the Substitute being, in the opinion of 
the Issuer or the CGMFL Guarantor (as the case may be) being substituted, of at least 
the equivalent standing and creditworthiness to the Issuer, or the CGMFL Guarantor (as 
the case may be) being substituted;  
(ii) 
where "Additional Requirements" are specified in the applicable Issue Terms as being 
applicable, each of (A) – (D) below shall apply (together, the Additional 
Requirements): 
(A) 
save where the Issuer or the CGMFL Guarantor (as the case may be) being 
substituted is subject to legal restructuring (including without limitation voluntary 
or involuntary liquidation, winding-up, dissolution, bankruptcy or insolvency or 
analogous proceedings), the Issuer or the CGMFL Guarantor (as the case may be) 
being substituted unconditionally guaranteeing the fulfilment of the obligations 
of the Substitute arising from the Conditions; 
(B) 
if no guarantee by the Issuer or the CGMFL Guarantor (as the case may be) 
pursuant to (A) above is required, both (I) the Substitute being an Affiliate of the 
Issuer or the CGMFL Guarantor (as the case may be) being substituted and (B)

--- Page 376 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
348 
 
the Substitute, on the date of such substitution, having a long term credit rating 
from at least one internationally recognised credit rating agency active in the 
international capital markets (including but not limited to the relevant entity from 
the following rating groups: Standard & Poor's, Moody's Investors Service and 
Fitch Ratings) which is at least as high as that of the Issuer or the CGMFL 
Guarantor (as the case may be) being substituted; 
(C) 
the Issuer, or the CGMFL Guarantor (as the case may be) being substituted 
provides an indemnity in favour of the Securityholders in relation to any 
additional tax or duties or losses suffered by Securityholders due to a different 
regulatory or tax regime of the Substitute from that of the Issuer or the CGMFL 
Guarantor (as the case may be) being substituted, in each case which arise and 
become payable solely as a result of the substitution of the Issuer or the CGMFL 
Guarantor (as the case may be) for the Substitute; and 
(D) 
on the date of such substitution there being no Event of Default in existence and 
no event having occurred which remains in existence on such date which, in the 
absence of the relevant grace period, would otherwise constitute an Event of 
Default, in relation to the Securities; 
(iii) 
all actions, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the 
obtaining of necessary consents) to ensure that, in the case of a substitution of the Issuer, 
the Securities and the relevant Deed of Covenant, in the case of a substitution of the 
CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee or, in the case of a substitution of 
the CGMFL Guarantor, the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee, as applicable, represent legal, 
valid and binding obligations of the Substitute having been taken, fulfilled and done, and 
are in full force and effect; 
(iv) 
the Substitute becoming party to the Fiscal Agency Agreement with any appropriate 
consequential amendments, as if it had been an original party to it in place of the Issuer, 
the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be; 
(v) 
(A) 
the Substitute and the Issuer having obtained (a) legal opinions from independent 
legal advisers of recognised standing in the country of incorporation of the 
Substitute and in England that the obligations of the Substitute, in the case of a 
substitution of the Issuer, under the Securities and the relevant Deed of Covenant, 
in the case of a substitution of the CGMHI Guarantor, under the CGMHI Deed of 
Guarantee, or, in the case of a substitution of the CGMFL Guarantor, under the 
CGMFL Deed of Guarantee, are legal, valid and binding obligations of the 
Substitute and (b) in the case of the substitution of the Issuer which is CGMHI 
(or any substitute thereof), a legal opinion from an independent legal adviser in 
England, that the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee will apply to the Substitute mutatis 
mutandis as it applies to the Issuer prior to the substitution and will constitute 
legal, valid and binding obligations of the CGMHI Guarantor, in respect of the 
Substitute (PROVIDED THAT no opinion as referred to in this sub-paragraph (b) 
shall be required where the Substitute is the CGMHI Guarantor with respect to 
Securities issued by CGMHI) and (c) in the case of the substitution of the Issuer 
which is CGMFL (or any substitute thereof), a legal opinion from an independent 
legal adviser in England, that the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee will apply to the 
Substitute mutatis mutandis as it applies to the Issuer prior to the substitution and 
will constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the CGMFL Guarantor, in 
respect of the Substitute (PROVIDED THAT no opinion as referred to in this sub-
paragraph (c) shall be required where the Substitute is the CGMFL Guarantor 
with respect to Securities issued by CGMFL); and 
(B) 
all consents and approvals as required have been obtained and that the Substitute 
and the Securities comply with all applicable requirements of the Securities Act; 
(vi) 
such substitution being permitted by the rules of any stock exchange on which the 
Securities are listed and each such stock exchange confirming that, following the

--- Page 377 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
349 
 
proposed substitution of the Substitute, the Securities will continue to be listed on such 
stock exchange; 
(vii) 
if appropriate, the Substitute appointing a process agent as its agent in England to receive 
service of process on its behalf in relation to any legal action or proceedings arising out 
of or in connection with the Securities; 
(viii) the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, giving 
notice of the date of such substitution to the holders in accordance with General 
Condition 15 (Notices); 
(ix) 
in the case of Finnish Securities only, such substitution being permitted by Euroclear 
Finland;  
(x) 
in the case of Swedish Securities only, such substitution being permitted by Euroclear 
Sweden; and 
(xi) 
where "Additional French Law Securities Requirements" are specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms as being applicable, each of (A) - (C) below shall apply (together, the 
Additional French Law Securities Requirements): 
(A) 
the Substitute assuming all obligations of the Issuer or any previous substituted 
company arising from or in connection with the French Law Securities;  
(B) 
the Issuer and the Substitute having obtained all necessary authorisations and 
being able to transfer all amounts required for the fulfilment of the payment 
obligations under the French Law Securities to the relevant Agent (in the currency 
required under the French Law Securities) without being obliged to deduct or 
withhold any taxes or other duties of whatever nature levied by the country in 
which the Substitute or the Issuer has its domicile or tax residence; and  
(C) 
the Substitute agreeing to indemnify and hold harmless each French 
Securityholder against (I) any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge 
imposed on such Securityholder by (or by any authority in or of) the jurisdiction 
of the country of the Substitute's residence for tax purposes and, if different, of its 
incorporation which would not have been so imposed if the substitution had not 
been made and (II) any tax, duty, assessment or governmental charge, any cost or 
expense in respect of such substitution imposed by the jurisdiction of the country 
of the Substitute's residence for tax purposes and, if different, of its incorporation. 
(b) 
Upon such substitution, any reference in the Conditions to the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or 
the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, shall be deemed to be a reference to the Substitute. 
(c) 
After a substitution pursuant to General Condition 17(a) (Substitution of the Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor), the Substitute may, without the consent of any holder, 
effect a further substitution. All the provisions specified in General Condition 17(a) and 17(b) 
(Substitution of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor) shall apply 
mutatis mutandis, and references in the Conditions to the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or 
CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, shall, where the context so requires, be deemed to be 
or include references to any such further Substitute. For the avoidance of doubt, the CGMHI 
Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor may be a Substitute for the Issuer and in such cases 
references to the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee or the CGMFL 
Guarantor and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee should be construed accordingly. 
(d) 
After a substitution pursuant to General Condition 17(a) or 17(c) (Substitution of the Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor), any Substitute may, without the consent of 
any holder, reverse the substitution, mutatis mutandis. 
(e) 
For the avoidance of doubt, CGMHI may (i) be substituted as the Issuer by Citigroup Inc., 
pursuant to this Condition albeit that it is the CGMHI Guarantor or (ii) merge or be consolidated 
into Citigroup Inc. pursuant to General Condition 16 (Consolidation or Merger), albeit that it is

--- Page 378 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
350 
 
the CGMHI Guarantor without, in either case, there being any breach of the Conditions which 
shall be construed accordingly. 
(f) 
For the avoidance of doubt, CGMFL may (i) be substituted as the Issuer by CGML, pursuant to 
this Condition albeit that it is the CGMFL Guarantor or (ii) merge or be consolidated into CGML 
pursuant to General Condition 16 (Consolidation or Merger), albeit that it is the CGMFL 
Guarantor without, in either case, there being any breach of the Conditions which shall be 
construed accordingly. 
(g) 
Nothing in this General Condition 17 shall prohibit the substitution of the CGMHI Guarantor 
under the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee or the substitution of the CGMFL Guarantor under the 
CGMFL Deed of Guarantee by another entity as part of any resolution, restructuring, or 
reorganization of the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as applicable, upon or 
following the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as applicable, becoming subject to 
any receivership, insolvency, liquidation, resolution, or similar proceeding. 
(h) 
For so long as any Securities are listed on a stock exchange, such stock exchange shall be 
notified of any such consolidation, merger or substitution and the requirements of such stock 
exchange in respect of such consolidation, merger or substitution shall be complied with 
(including any requirement to publish a supplement). 
(i) 
(i) 
If the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. and pursuant to General Condition 16 (Consolidation or 
Merger) or General Condition 17(a) (Substitution of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor 
and the CGMFL Guarantor), there is a successor corporation or Substitute of Citigroup 
Inc. the successor corporation or the Substitute of Citigroup Inc., as the case may be, is 
organised and existing under the laws of a jurisdiction other than the United States (or 
any jurisdiction substituted therefor pursuant to the Conditions), there shall be substituted 
in General Condition 9(a) (Taxation) and General Conditions 11(a)(iv) and 11(a)(v) 
(Events of Default) for the United States (or such other jurisdiction) and related 
expressions as determined by the Issuer, the jurisdiction under which such successor 
corporation or Substitute, as the case may be, is organised and existing. 
(ii) 
If the Issuer is CGMHI and pursuant to General Condition 16 (Consolidation or Merger) 
or General Condition 17(a) (Substitution of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the 
CGMFL Guarantor), there is a successor corporation or Substitute of CGMHI, the 
successor corporation or the Substitute of CGMHI, as the case may be, is organised and 
existing under the laws of a jurisdiction other than the United States (or any jurisdiction 
substituted therefor pursuant to Conditions), there shall be substituted in General 
Condition 9(b) (Taxation) and General Conditions 11(a)(iv) and 11(a)(v) (Events of 
Default) for the United States (or such other jurisdiction) and related expressions as 
determined by the Issuer, the jurisdiction under which such successor corporation or 
Substitute, as the case may be, is organised and existing. 
(iii) 
If the Issuer is CGMHI and pursuant to General Condition 16 (Consolidation or Merger) 
or General Condition 17(a) (Substitution of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the 
CGMFL Guarantor), there is a successor corporation or Substitute of the CGMHI 
Guarantor and the successor corporation or Substitute, as the case may be, is organised 
and existing under the laws of a jurisdiction other than the United States (or any 
jurisdiction substituted therefor pursuant to the Conditions), there shall be (i) substituted 
in General Condition 9(b) (Taxation) for the United States (or such other jurisdiction) 
and related expressions as determined by the Issuer, the jurisdiction under which such 
successor corporation or Substitute, as the case may be, is organised and existing. 
(iv) 
If the Issuer is CGMFL and pursuant to General Condition 16 (Consolidation or Merger) 
or General Condition 17(a) (Substitution of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the 
CGMFL Guarantor), there is a successor corporation or Substitute of CGMFL and the 
successor corporation or the Substitute of CGMFL, as the case may be, is organised and 
existing under the laws of a jurisdiction other than Luxembourg (or any jurisdiction 
substituted therefor pursuant to the Conditions), there shall be (i) substituted in General 
Condition 9(c) (Taxation) for Luxembourg (or such other jurisdiction) and related 
expressions as determined by the Issuer, the jurisdiction under which such successor

--- Page 379 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
351 
 
corporation or Substitute, as the case may be, is organised and existing and (ii) added to 
the end of General Condition 11(a)(vi)(A) (Events of Default) immediately after the 
words "or other similar arrangement" the following: 
", or, if the Issuer is not organised and existing under the laws of Luxembourg, any event 
occurs which under the laws of the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is organised and 
existing has an analogous effect to any of the events referred to above in this General 
Condition 11(a)(vi)(A) (Events of Default)". 
(v) 
If the Issuer is CGMFL and pursuant to General Condition 16 (Consolidation or Merger) 
or General Condition 17(a) (Substitution of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the 
CGMFL Guarantor), there is a successor corporation or Substitute of the CGMFL 
Guarantor and the successor corporation or Substitute, as the case may be, is organised 
and existing under the laws of a jurisdiction other than the United Kingdom (or any 
jurisdiction substituted therefor pursuant to the Conditions), there shall be (i) substituted 
in General Condition 9(c) (Taxation) and General Conditions 11(a)(vi)(B) and 
11(a)(vi)(C) (Events of Default) for the United Kingdom (or such other jurisdiction) and 
related expressions as determined by the Issuer, the jurisdiction under which such 
successor corporation or Substitute, as the case may be, is organised and existing. 
(vi) 
For the purposes of this General Condition 17 and article 1275 of the Luxembourg civil 
code, the Securityholders, by subscribing for, or otherwise acquiring the Securities, are 
expressly deemed to have consented to any substitution of CGMFL effected in 
accordance with this General Condition 17 and to the release of CGMFL from any and 
all obligations in respect of the Securities.  
(j) 
On the substitution of any successor corporation or Substitute, amendments may be made to the 
Conditions to reflect the regulatory position of such successor corporation or Substitute, 
including without limitation, to reflect the requirements of Directive 2014/59/EU establishing a 
framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms or the U.S. 
Special Resolution Regime.  
18. 
Redenomination 
If Redenomination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as being applicable, the Issuer 
may, without the consent of the Securityholders, on giving at least 30 days' prior notice to the 
Securityholders, the Fiscal Agent and the Paying Agents, designate a Redenomination Date, 
being a date (which in the case of interest-bearing Securities shall be a date for payment of 
interest under the Securities) falling on or after the date on which the country of the relevant 
Specified Currency specified adopts the Euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the 
Treaty. 
With effect from the Redenomination Date, notwithstanding the other provisions of the 
Conditions: 
(a) 
(in the case of Notes) each Specified Denomination will be deemed to be denominated 
in such amount of Euro as is equivalent to its denomination so specified in the relevant 
Specified Currency at the Established Rate, rounded down to the nearest Euro 0.01; 
(b) 
after the Redenomination Date, all payments in respect of the Securities, other than 
payments of interest in respect of periods commencing before the Redenomination Date, 
will be made solely in Euro as though references in the Securities to the relevant 
Specified Currency were to Euro. Payments will be made in Euro by credit or transfer to 
a Euro account (or any other account to which Euro may be credited or transferred) 
specified by the payee; and 
(c) 
such other changes shall be made to the Conditions as the Issuer may decide, with the 
agreement of Fiscal Agent, and as may be specified in the notice, to conform them to 
conventions then applicable to Securities denominated in Euro including but not limited 
to where the securities are in global form. Any such other changes will not take effect

--- Page 380 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
352 
 
until after they have been notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General 
Condition 15 (Notices). 
As used in the Conditions: 
Established Rate means the rate for conversion of the Specified Currency (including 
compliance with rules relating to roundings in accordance with applicable European Union 
regulations) into Euro established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 140 
of the Treaty. 
Redenomination Date means (in the case of interest-bearing Securities) any date for payment 
of interest under the Securities or (in the case of non-interest-bearing Securities) any date, in 
each case specified by the Issuer in the notice given to the Securityholders pursuant to General 
Condition 15 (Notices) and which falls on or after such date as when the country of the Specified 
Currency participates in the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to 
the Treaty. 
Treaty means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
None of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor, the Registrar, the Fiscal 
Agent and any other Paying Agent will be liable to any Securityholder or other person for any 
commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or resulting from the credit or transfer of 
Euro or any currency conversion or rounding effected in connection therewith. 
Determinations by the Issuer or the Fiscal Agent pursuant to this General Condition 18 will, in 
the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, 
the CGMFL Guarantor, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar and the 
Securityholders. 
19. 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Securities (other than as provided below in relation to Finnish Securities, Swedish 
Securities and Irish Law Securities) and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law 
or French Law (such Securities governed by French Law, French Law Securities). For the 
avoidance of doubt, where CGMFL is the Issuer, Articles 470-3 to 470-19 of the Companies 
Act 1915, are hereby excluded. 
In addition, no Securityholder may initiate proceedings against CGMFL based on article 470-
21 of the Companies Act 1915. 
In relation to each Series of Securities, the Fiscal Agency Agreement in respect of such Series 
and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with such agreement shall 
be governed by the governing law of such Securities.  
The Finnish Securities and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. Notwithstanding 
this, the registration and transfer of the Finnish Securities in Euroclear Finland's system for the 
registration of financial instruments shall be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, Finnish law. 
The Swedish Securities and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. Notwithstanding 
this, the registration of the Swedish Securities in Euroclear Sweden's system for the registration 
of financial instruments shall be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
Swedish law. 
The Irish Law Securities and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Irish law.

--- Page 381 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
353 
 
The French Cleared Securities and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
Notwithstanding this, the registration of the French Cleared Securities in Euroclear France's 
system for the registration of financial instruments shall be governed by, and shall be construed 
in accordance with, French law. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee in respect of French Law Securities 
issued by CGMHI (and any dispute, controversy, proceedings or claim of whatever nature 
(whether contractual, non-contractual or otherwise) arising out of or in any way relating to the 
CGMHI Deed of Guarantee or its formation) shall be governed by English law. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee and the All Monies Guarantee, as 
applicable, in respect of French Law Securities issued by CGMFL (and any dispute, 
controversy, proceedings or claim of whatever nature (whether contractual, non-contractual or 
otherwise) arising out of or in any way relating to the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee, the All 
Monies Guarantee or its formation) shall be governed by English law. 
(b) 
Submission to Jurisdiction 
Securities (other than French Law Securities) 
The English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in 
connection with the Securities (other than the French Law Securities and the Irish Law 
Securities), including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, 
breach or termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Securities (other than the French 
Law Securities and the Irish Law Securities) (a Dispute) and all Disputes will be submitted to 
the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
Each of the Issuer and any Securityholders (other than any Securityholders that hold French 
Law Securities or Irish Law Securities) irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the 
English courts and each of the Issuer and any Securityholders (other than any Securityholders 
that hold French Law Securities or Irish Law Securities) taking proceedings in relation to any 
Dispute waives any objection to the English courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient 
or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute.  
The Irish courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection 
with the Irish Law Securities, including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, 
performance, breach or termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating 
to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Irish Law Securities 
(an Irish Law Dispute) and all Irish Law Disputes will be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction 
of the Irish courts. 
Each of the Issuer and any Securityholders that hold Irish Law Securities irrevocably submit to 
the exclusive jurisdiction of the Irish courts and each of the Issuer and any Securityholders that 
hold Irish Law Securities taking proceedings in relation to any Irish Law Dispute waives any 
objection to the Irish courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum 
to settle any Irish Law Dispute. 
French Law Securities 
In respect of French Law Securities only, the Paris courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle 
any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Securities, including any Dispute and all 
Disputes will be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Paris courts. 
Each of the Issuer and any Securityholders irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of 
the Paris courts and each of the Issuer and any Securityholders taking proceedings in relation to 
any Dispute waives any objection to the Paris courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient 
or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute.

--- Page 382 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
354 
 
(c) 
Waiver of any rights to a trial by jury 
EACH 
SECURITYHOLDER 
HEREBY 
KNOWINGLY, 
VOLUNTARILY 
AND 
INTENTIONALLY WAIVES (TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW) 
ANY RIGHTS IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION 
BASED THEREON, OR ARISING OUT OF, UNDER, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THE 
SECURITIES OR ANY OTHER RELATED DOCUMENTS, OR ANY COURSE OF 
CONDUCT, COURSE OF DEALING, STATEMENTS (WHETHER VERBAL OR 
WRITTEN), OR ACTIONS OF THE SECURITYHOLDERS 
(d) 
Service of Process 
The Issuer irrevocably appoints Citibank Europe plc, UK branch of Citigroup Centre, Canada 
Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, United Kingdom (correspondence to be marked for 
the attention of the Company Secretary) as its agent for service of process in any proceedings 
before the English courts in relation to any Dispute and agrees that, in the event of Citibank 
Europe plc, UK branch being unable or unwilling for any reason so to act, it will immediately 
appoint another person as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any Dispute 
and shall immediately notify holders of Securities of such appointment in accordance with 
General Condition 15 (Notices). The Issuer agrees that failure by a process agent to notify it of 
any process will not invalidate service. Nothing shall affect the right to serve process in any 
other manner permitted by law. 
The Issuer irrevocably appoints Citibank Europe plc, having its registered office at 1 North Wall 
Quay, Dublin 1, Ireland (correspondence to be marked for the attention of the General Counsel, 
c.c. Markets Legal Team) as its agent for service of process in any proceedings before the Irish 
courts in relation to any Irish Law Dispute and agrees that, in the event of Citibank Europe plc 
being unable or unwilling for any reason so to act, it will immediately appoint another person 
as its agent for service of process in Ireland in respect of any Irish Law Dispute and shall 
immediately notify holders of Securities of such appointment in accordance with General 
Condition 15 (Notices). The Issuer agrees that failure by a process agent to notify it of any 
process will not invalidate service. Nothing shall affect the right to serve process in any other 
manner permitted by law. 
In respect of French Law Securities only, an agent for service of process in any proceedings 
before the Paris courts may be appointed through an "election de domicile" in France as provided 
by French law. Nothing in this General Condition 19(d) shall affect the right to serve process in 
any manner permitted by law. 
20. 
Rights of Third Parties 
The Securities (other than the Irish Law Securities) confer no right under the Contracts (Rights 
of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any term of the Securities (other than the Irish Law 
Securities), but this does not affect any right or remedy of a third party which exists or is 
available apart from that Act. This General Condition 20 shall not apply to French Law 
Securities. 
21. 
Definitions 
In the Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have 
the meanings set out below:  
Affiliate means in relation to any entity (the First Entity), any entity controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by the First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or 
any entity directly or indirectly under common control with the First Entity. For these purposes 
control means ownership of a majority of the voting power of an entity. 
Business Day means: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in each Business Centre specified in the applicable Issue Terms, and if

--- Page 383 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
355 
 
"Business Centre" is specified to be or to include: (a) "U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day" then "Business Day" shall also be any day except a Saturday, a Sunday 
or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association (or any 
successor) recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for 
the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities; or (b) "TARGET" 
or "TARGET Business Day", then "Business Day" shall also be a day on which the 
TARGET2 System (as defined below) is operating; and 
(b) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency (if other than any Business Centre and which if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) 
or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the Trans-European 
Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System or any 
successor thereto (the TARGET2 System) is operating. 
Calculation Amount has the meaning given in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Euro-zone means the member states of the European Union that are participating in the third 
stage of Economic and Monetary Union. 
sub unit means, with respect to any currency other than Euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to 
Euro, one cent. 
TARGET Business Day means a day on which the TARGET2 System is operating. 
22. 
Italian Listed Certificates 
Where the Securities are Italian Listed Certificates then, notwithstanding any other provision of 
the Conditions, such Securities shall be deemed to be automatically exercised on the Expiry 
Date (Data di Scadenza) specified in the applicable Final Terms (the Expiry Date). 
No charges or other deductions shall be applied by the Registrar, any Paying Agent, the Issuer 
or the CGMFL Guarantor in respect of the automatic exercise of the Italian Listed Certificates. 
No other taxes, duties and/or expenses, including any applicable depository charges, transaction 
or exercise charges, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax, issue, registration, securities transfer 
and/or other taxes or duties which may arise in connection with the automatic exercise of any 
Italian Listed Certificates which are due by the holder thereof will be payable by such holder. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Conditions including any provision which purports 
to amend or supersede this provision, neither the Issuer nor the CGMFL Guarantor shall make 
any deduction from amounts due in respect of Italian Listed Certificates for or on account of 
unwinding any hedging arrangements (as defined in General Condition 12) or otherwise pass 
on to holders any increased cost of maintaining and/or entering into any hedging arrangements. 
23. 
Acknowledgement of the United States Special Resolution Regimes  
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein: 
(a) 
in the event the relevant Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as applicable, 
becomes subject to a proceeding under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act or Title II of the Dodd-
Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (each, a U.S. Special Resolution 
Regime), the transfer of the Securities (where the Securities are Covered Instruments) and/or 
(in the case of Covered Instruments issued by CGMHI) the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee or (in 
the case of Covered Instruments issued by CGMFL) the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee (together, 
the Relevant Agreements) (and the transfer of any interest and obligation in or under the 
Relevant Agreements)  from the Issuer or the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as 
applicable, will be effective to the same extent as the relevant transfer would be effective under 
such U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Relevant Agreements, and any interest and

--- Page 384 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
356 
 
obligation in or under the Relevant Agreements, were governed by the laws of the United States 
or a state of the United States; and  
(b) 
in the event the relevant Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, or any of their 
respective affiliates (as such term is defined in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 
United States Code (U.S.C.) 1841(k)) becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special 
Resolution Regime, default rights against the relevant Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the 
CGMFL Guarantor with respect to the Relevant Agreements are permitted to be exercised to no 
greater extent than such default rights could be exercised under such U.S. Special Resolution 
Regime if the Relevant Agreements were governed by the laws of the United States or a state 
of the United States. For purposes of this paragraph "default right" has the meaning assigned 
to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with 12 Code of Federal Regulations 
(C.F.R.) 252.81, 12 C.F.R. 382.1 and 12 C.F.R. 47.1, as applicable, and "Covered Instrument" 
refers to any Security that falls within the definition of a "qualified financial contract" as such 
term is defined in, and as interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 
24. 
Agreement and Acknowledgement with Respect to the Exercise of the Bail-in Power in 
Respect of Securities Issued by CGMFL  
THIS GENERAL CONDITION 24 ONLY APPLIES TO SECURITIES ISSUED BY CGMFL: 
(a) 
In respect of Securities issued by CGMFL (such Securities being CGMFL Securities), each 
Securityholder (which, for the purposes of this Condition, includes each holder of a beneficial 
interest in such CGMFL Securities) acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees, 
notwithstanding any other term of the CGMFL Securities or any other agreements, 
arrangements or understandings between CGMFL and such Securityholder, by its acquisition 
of such CGMFL Securities: 
(i) 
to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the bail-in power by the relevant resolution 
authority if the latter were to consider that the amounts due under the CGMFL Securities 
would fall within the scope of the bail-in power. This bail-in power may include and 
result in any of the following, or a combination thereof: 
(A) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the amounts due under the CGMFL Securities; 
(B) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the amounts due under the CGMFL 
Securities into shares, other securities or other obligations of the CGMFL or 
another person, including by means of an amendment, modification or variation 
of the terms and conditions of the CGMFL Securities, in which case the 
Securityholder agrees to accept, in lieu of any rights under the CGMFL Securities, 
any such shares, other securities or other obligations of CGMFL or another 
person; 
(C) 
the cancellation of the CGMFL Securities; 
(D) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the CGMFL Securities or 
amendment of the amount of interest (if any) payable on the CGMFL Securities, 
or the date on which the interest becomes payable, including by suspending 
payment for a temporary period; and 
(ii) 
if applicable, that the terms and conditions of the CGMFL Securities are subject to, and 
may be varied, if necessary, to give effect to, the exercise of the bail-in power by the 
relevant resolution authority. 
For these purposes, the "bail-in power" refers to any write down or conversion power 
existing from time to time (including, without limitation, any power to amend or alter 
the maturity of eligible liabilities of an institution under resolution or amend the amount 
of interest payable under such eligible liabilities or the date on which interest becomes 
payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period) under, and exercised 
in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements applicable in 
Luxembourg, whether relating, but not limited, to (i) the implementation of Directive 
2014/59/EU establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit

--- Page 385 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
357 
 
institutions and investment firms (BRRD, as amended as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms by Directive (EU) 
2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019) and as 
transposed into Luxembourg law by the Luxembourg act dated 18 December 2015 on 
the recovery, resolution and liquidation of credit institutions and certain investment 
firms, as amended, (ii) Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the 
resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single 
Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 
1093/2010, as amended as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of 
credit institutions and investment firms by Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 (SRM Regulation), or (iii) any other 
laws, regulations, rules or requirements arising under Luxembourg law, and the 
instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which, in particular, the 
obligations of CGMFL can be reduced (in part or in whole), cancelled, modified or 
converted into shares, other securities, or other obligations of CGMFL or any other 
person. 
A reference to the "relevant resolution authority" is to the Luxembourg financial sector 
supervisory authority (Commission de surveillance du secteur financier, the CSSF) 
acting as resolution authority (conseil de résolution) and/or any other authority entitled 
to exercise or participate in the exercise of any bail-in power with the authority to 
exercise any of the Luxembourg bail-in powers against CGMFL from time to time, 
including the Single Resolution Board, the European Central Bank, the European 
Banking Authority, the European Council and the European Commission when acting 
pursuant to the provisions of the SRM Regulation. 
(b) 
Events of Default 
Neither a reduction or cancellation, in part or in full, of any amounts due or the conversion 
thereof into another security or obligation of CGMFL or another person, as a result of the 
exercise of the bail-in power by the relevant resolution authority with respect to CGMFL, nor 
the exercise of the bail-in power by the relevant resolution authority with respect to the CGMFL 
Securities will be an Event of Default under the CGMFL Securities.

--- Page 386 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 1 – SECURITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
358 
 
SECTION G.2 – SCHEDULES TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 1 – SECURITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply to each Underlying classified in the applicable Issue Terms as a 
"Security Index". 
For the avoidance of doubt, defined terms used in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect 
of Securities linked to Security Indices. 
1. 
Definitions 
Additional Disruption Event means any Increased Cost of Stock Borrow and/or Loss of Stock 
Borrow, in each case, if specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Bond Index means each Security Index classified as such is the applicable Issue Terms. 
Component Security means, in respect of a Security Index, each component security or debt 
instrument included in such Security Index. 
Exchange means (a) in respect of a Single Exchange Index, either (i) each exchange or 
quotation system specified as such in respect of such Single Exchange Index in the applicable 
Issue Terms or any successor to any such exchange or quotation system, or any substitute 
exchange or quotation system to which trading in the relevant Component Securities has 
temporarily relocated (PROVIDED THAT the Calculation Agent has determined that there is 
comparable liquidity relative to the relevant Component Securities on such temporary substitute 
exchange or quotation system as on the original exchange or quotation system); or (ii) where 
"Principal Exchanges" is specified as the Exchange in respect of a Single Exchange Index, the 
exchange or quotation system on which each relevant Component Security is (as determined by 
the Calculation Agent) principally traded; and (b) in respect of a Multiple Exchange Index and 
each relevant Component Security, the exchange, quotation system, over-the-counter market or 
trading system on which such Component Security is (as determined by the Calculation Agent) 
principally traded. 
Exchange Business Day means (a) in respect of a Single Exchange Index, any Scheduled 
Trading Day for such Single Exchange Index on which each Exchange and each Related 
Exchange for such Single Exchange Index is open for trading during its respective regular 
trading session, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time; and (b) in respect of a Multiple Exchange Index, any Scheduled 
Trading Day for such Multiple Exchange Index on which the relevant Index Sponsor publishes 
the level of such Security Index and each Related Exchange for such Multiple Exchange Index 
is open for trading during its regular trading session, notwithstanding any relevant Exchange or 
Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
Increased Cost of Stock Borrow means that any Hedging Party would incur a rate to borrow 
any Component Security that is greater than the Initial Stock Loan Rate. 
Index Sponsor means, in respect of a Security Index, the corporation or other entity which (a) 
is responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and methods of calculation and 
adjustments, if any, related to such Security Index; and (b) announces (directly or through an 
agent) the level of such Security Index. 
Initial Stock Loan Rate means, in respect of a Component Security, the rate that any Hedging 
Party would have incurred to borrow such Component Security as of the Trade Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Loss of Stock Borrow means that any Hedging Party is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to borrow (or to maintain a borrowing of) any Component Security at a rate 
equal to or less than the Maximum Stock Loan Rate.

--- Page 387 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 1 – SECURITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
359 
 
Market Disruption Event shall have the meaning given to it in Security Index Condition 3(a) 
(Single Exchange Index) (in respect of a Single Exchange Index) or in Security Index Condition 
3(b) (Multiple Exchange Index) (in respect of a Multiple Exchange Index). 
Maximum Stock Loan Rate means, in respect of a Component Security, the lowest rate that 
any Hedging Party would have incurred, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to borrow 
such Component Security as of the Trade Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Multiple Exchange Index means each Security Index specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Related Exchange means, in respect of a Security Index, each exchange or quotation system 
specified as such for such Security Index in the applicable Issue Terms or any successor to such 
exchange or quotation system, or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading 
in futures contracts or options contracts relating to such Security Index has temporarily relocated 
(PROVIDED THAT the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity 
relative to such futures contracts or options contracts relating to such Security Index on such 
temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original exchange or quotation 
system). Where "All Exchanges" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the applicable 
Related Exchange in respect of a Security Index, then "Related Exchange" means each 
exchange or quotation system where trading has a material effect (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures contracts or options contracts relating to 
such Security Index. 
Scheduled Closing Time means, in respect of a Security Index, a Scheduled Trading Day and 
an Exchange or a Related Exchange (as relevant) for such Security Index, the scheduled 
weekday closing time of such Exchange or Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, 
without regard to after-hours trading or any other trading outside the hours of the regular trading 
session on such Exchange or Related Exchange. 
Scheduled Trading Day means (a) in respect of a Single Exchange Index, any day on which 
each Exchange and each Related Exchange in respect of such Single Exchange Index is 
scheduled to be open for trading for its respective regular trading sessions; and (b) in respect of 
a Multiple Exchange Index, any day on which (i) the Index Sponsor in respect of such Multiple 
Exchange Index is scheduled to publish the level of such Multiple Exchange Index, (ii) each 
Related Exchange in respect of such Multiple Exchange Index is scheduled to be open for 
trading for its regular trading session and (iii) the X Percentage is no more than 20 per cent. of 
the relevant Component Securities. 
Security Index means each Underlying classified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Security Index Condition means each condition specified in this Underlying Schedule. 
Single Exchange Index means each Security Index specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms.  
X Percentage means, in respect of a Multiple Exchange Index and any day, the percentage of 
relevant Component Securities which are scheduled to be unavailable for trading on any relevant 
Exchange on such day by virtue of that day not being a day on which such relevant Exchange 
is scheduled to be open for trading during its regular trading session. For the purposes of 
determining the X Percentage in respect of a Multiple Exchange Index, the relevant percentage 
of a relevant Component Security unavailable for trading shall be based on a comparison of (a) 
the portion of the level of such Multiple Exchange Index attributable to such Component 
Security; and (b) the overall level of such Multiple Exchange Index, in each case, using the 
official opening weightings as published by the relevant Index Sponsor as part of the market 
"opening data".

--- Page 388 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 1 – SECURITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
360 
 
2. 
Valuation 
(a) 
Closing valuations 
Underlying Closing Level means, in respect of a Security Index and a Valuation Date, the 
official closing level of such Security Index either (a) where Same Day Publication is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, on such Valuation Date (and in which 
circumstances, where the level of such Security Index is published on a succeeding Scheduled 
Trading Day, the level for that Valuation Date will have been the level calculated for the 
Security Index for or in respect of a preceding Scheduled Trading Day) or (b) where Same Day 
Publication is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, for such Valuation Date 
(and in which circumstances the level for that Valuation Date may be published on a succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day), in each case, as displayed on the applicable Electronic Page.  
Valuation Time means (a) in respect of a Single Exchange Index where Single Valuation Time 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an Underlying Closing Level and a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on such 
Scheduled Trading Day and (b) in respect of a Multiple Exchange Index or a Single Exchange 
Index where Single Valuation Time is specified as not applicable in the applicable Issue Terms 
and a Scheduled Trading Day: (i) for the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption 
Event in respect of such Security Index has occurred: (A) in respect of any Component Security, 
the Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange in respect of such Component Security; and (B) 
in respect of any options contracts or future contracts on such Security Index, the close of trading 
on the relevant Related Exchange; and (ii) in all other circumstances, the time at which the 
official closing level of such Security Index is calculated and published by the relevant Index 
Sponsor. 
(b) 
Intraday valuations 
Underlying Level means, in respect of a Security Index and a Valuation Date, the level of such 
Security Index observed continuously during such Valuation Date, as displayed on the 
applicable Electronic Page. 
Valuation Time means, in respect of a Security Index, an Underlying Level and a Scheduled 
Trading Day for such Security Index, the time at which the level of such Security Index is being 
determined during such Scheduled Trading Day. 
3. 
Disruption To Valuation 
Disrupted Day means, in respect of a Security Index, any Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Security Index on which a Market Disruption Event occurs. 
(a) 
Single Exchange Index 
Market Disruption Event means, in respect of a Security Index which is a Single Exchange 
Index, the occurrence of any of the events set out below: 
(i) 
the relevant Index Sponsor fails to publish the level of such Security Index; or 
(ii) 
a relevant Exchange or any relevant Related Exchange fails to open for trading during 
its regular trading session; or 
(iii) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any 
suspension of or limitation imposed (whether by reason of movements in price exceeding 
permitted limits or otherwise) on the trading on any relevant Exchange of Component 
Securities which in aggregate comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of such Security 
Index; or 
(iv) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any 
suspension of or limitation imposed (whether by reason of movements in price exceeding

--- Page 389 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 1 – SECURITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
361 
 
permitted limits or otherwise) on the trading on any relevant Related Exchange of futures 
contracts or option contracts relating to such Security Index; or 
(v) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any other 
event (other than an event described in sub-paragraph (vii) or sub-paragraph (viii) of this 
definition) which disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability 
of market participants in general (on any relevant Exchange) to effect transactions in or 
to obtain market values for relevant Component Securities which in aggregate comprise 
20 per cent. or more of the level of such Security Index; or 
(vi) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any other 
event (other than an event described in sub-paragraph (vii) or sub-paragraph (viii) of this 
definition) which disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability 
of market participants in general (on any relevant Related Exchange) to effect 
transactions in or to obtain market values for any futures contracts or options contracts 
relating to such Security Index; or 
(vii) 
the closure (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) on any Exchange 
Business Day of any relevant Exchange in respect of Component Securities which in 
aggregate comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of such Security Index prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time (unless such earlier closing time is announced by such 
Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier of (A) the actual closing time for the 
regular trading session on such Exchange on such Exchange Business Day; and (B) the 
deadline for the submission of orders to be entered into such Exchange system for 
execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day); or 
(viii) the closure (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) on any Exchange 
Business Day of any Related Exchange in respect of futures contracts or option contracts 
relating to such Security Index prior to its Scheduled Closing Time (unless such earlier 
closing time is announced by such Related Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier 
of (A) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Related Exchange 
on such Exchange Business Day; and (B) the deadline for the submission of orders to be 
entered into such Related Exchange system for execution at the relevant Valuation Time 
on such Exchange Business Day). 
(b) 
Multiple Exchange Index 
Market Disruption Event means, in respect of a Security Index which is a Multiple Exchange 
Index, the occurrence of any of the events set out below: 
(i) 
the relevant Index Sponsor fails to publish the level of such Security Index; or 
(ii) 
any Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session; or 
(iii) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any 
suspension of or limitation imposed (whether by reason of movements in price exceeding 
permitted limits or otherwise) on the trading on any relevant Exchange of any relevant 
Component Security, and the aggregate of all relevant Component Securities so affected 
plus the X Percentage comprises 20 per cent. or more of the level of such Security Index; 
or 
(iv) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any 
suspension of or limitation imposed (whether by reason of movements in price exceeding 
permitted limits or otherwise) on the trading on any relevant Related Exchange of futures 
contracts or option contracts relating to such Security Index; or 
(v) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any other

--- Page 390 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 1 – SECURITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
362 
 
event (other than an event described in sub-paragraph (vii) or sub-paragraph (viii) of this 
definition) which disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability 
of market participants in general (on any relevant Exchange) to effect transactions in or 
to obtain market values for any relevant Component Security, and the aggregate of all 
relevant Component Securities so affected plus the X Percentage comprises 20 per cent. 
or more of the level of such Security Index; or 
(vi) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any other 
event (other than an event described in sub-paragraph (vii) or sub-paragraph (viii) of this 
definition) which disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability 
of market participants in general (on any relevant Related Exchange) to effect 
transactions in or to obtain market values for any futures contracts or options contracts 
relating to such Security Index; or 
(vii) 
the closure (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) on any Exchange 
Business Day of any relevant Exchange in respect of any relevant Component Security 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time (unless such earlier closing time is announced by 
such Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier of (A) the actual closing time for the 
regular trading session on such Exchange on such Exchange Business Day; and (B) the 
deadline for the submission of orders to be entered into such Exchange System for 
execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day), and the 
aggregate of all relevant Component Securities so affected plus the X Percentage 
comprises 20 per cent. or more of the level of such Security Index; or 
(viii) the closure (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) on any Exchange 
Business Day of any Related Exchange in respect of futures contracts or option contracts 
relating to such Security Index prior to its Scheduled Closing Time (unless such earlier 
closing time is announced by such Related Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier 
of (A) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Related Exchange 
on such Exchange Business Day; and (B) the deadline for the submission of orders to be 
entered into such Related Exchange System for execution at the relevant Valuation Time 
on such Exchange Business Day). 
(c) 
Determining whether or not a Market Disruption Event exists 
For the purposes of determining whether or not a Market Disruption Event exists in respect of 
a Security Index at any time, if an event giving rise to a Market Disruption Event occurs in 
respect of a Component Security of such Security Index at such time, then the relevant 
percentage contribution of such Component Security to the level of such Security Index shall 
be based on a comparison of (i) the portion of the level of such Security Index attributable to 
such Component Security; and (ii) the overall level of such Security Index, either (A) where 
such Security Index is a Single Exchange Index, immediately before the occurrence of such 
Market Disruption Event; or (B) where such Security Index is a Multiple Exchange Index, using 
the official opening weightings as published by the relevant Index Sponsor as part of the market 
"opening data". 
For the purposes of determining whether or not a Market Disruption Event exists in respect of 
a Component Security at any time, if an event giving rise to a Market Disruption Event occurs 
in respect of such Component Security at such time, then the relevant percentage contribution 
of such Component Security to the level of the relevant Security Index shall be based on a 
comparison of (i) the portion of the level of such Security Index attributable to such Component 
Security; and (ii) the overall level of such Security Index, using the official opening weightings 
as published by the relevant Index Sponsor as part of the market "opening data". 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
The following Additional Adjustment Events shall apply in respect of a Security Index if 
Security Index Condition 4 is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms:

--- Page 391 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 1 – SECURITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
363 
 
(a) 
such Security Index is either (a) not calculated and announced by or on behalf of the 
relevant Index Sponsor but instead is calculated and announced by or on behalf of a 
successor to such relevant Index Sponsor acceptable to the Calculation Agent; or (b) 
replaced by a successor index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the 
same or a substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as used in the 
calculation of such Security Index (such index, the Successor Index, which will be 
deemed to be such Security Index); and 
(b) 
each Additional Disruption Event (if any) specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events 
The following Additional Early Redemption Event shall apply in respect of a Security Index if 
Security Index Condition 5 (Additional Early Redemption Events) is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms: the Calculation Agent determines that no calculation or substitution 
can reasonably be made under Security Index Condition 6(b) (Modification or cancellation of a 
Security Index and Security Index Substitution). 
6. 
Additional Provisions 
(a) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
Correction Period means, in respect of a Security Index, two Business Days. 
(b) 
Modification or cancellation of a Security Index and Security Index Substitution 
(i) 
Security Index Adjustment Events 
If Security Index Condition 6(b)(i) (Security Index Adjustment Events) is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of a Security Index, (A) on or prior 
to any Valuation Date, the relevant Index Sponsor announces that it will make a material 
change in the formula for or the method of calculating the level of such Security Index 
or in any other way materially modifies such Security Index (other than a modification 
prescribed in that formula or method to maintain such Security Index in the event of 
changes in Component Securities and capitalisation and other routine events) (a Security 
Index Modification); or (B) on or prior to any Valuation Date, the relevant Index 
Sponsor at any time permanently cancels such Security Index and no Successor Index 
(as defined in Security Index Condition 4 (Additional Adjustment Events)) exists (a 
Security Index Cancellation); or (C) on or prior to any Valuation Date the relevant 
Index Sponsor or any person or entity on its behalf fails to calculate and announce such 
Security Index (a Security Index Disruption, and together with a Security Index 
Modification and a Security Index Cancellation, a Security Index Adjustment Event), 
then the Calculation Agent shall determine if such Security Index Adjustment Event has 
a material effect on the Securities, and if so, either: 
(A) 
calculate the relevant level of such Security Index at the relevant time on such 
Valuation Date using, in lieu of a published level for such Security Index, the 
level of such Security Index at the relevant time on such Valuation Date as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula for and the 
method of calculating the level of such Security Index last in effect prior to the 
occurrence of such Security Index Adjustment Event but using only those 
Component Securities or other assets or instruments which comprised such 
Security Index immediately prior to the occurrence of such Security Index 
Adjustment Event (other than those Component Securities or other assets or 
instruments which have since ceased to be listed on any relevant Exchange); 
and/or 
(B) 
substitute such Security Index as provided in Security Index Condition 6(b)(ii) 
(Security Index Substitution) and make such adjustments (if any) to the Terms and 
Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms as it deems necessary or appropriate 
in relation to such substitution to account for the effect of such Security Index

--- Page 392 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 1 – SECURITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
364 
 
Adjustment Event in order to preserve the original economic rationale and 
objectives of the Securities; and/or 
(C) 
make such adjustments to the Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Issue 
Terms as the Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate to account 
for the effect of such Security Index Adjustment Event in order to preserve the 
original economic rationale and objectives of the Securities and determine the 
effective date of each such adjustment."; and 
If no calculation, substitution and/or adjustment can reasonably be made pursuant to the 
above, the provisions of Security Index Condition 5 (Additional Early Redemption 
Events) shall apply. 
(ii) 
Security Index Substitution 
If Security Index Substitution is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
any adjustment made by the Calculation Agent pursuant to Security Index Condition 
6(b)(i)(B) (Security Index Adjustment Events) shall be, and any adjustment made by the 
Calculation Agent in response to an Adjustment Event may include, a Security Index 
Substitution. 
Security Index Substitution means, in relation to a Security Index Adjustment Event or 
an Adjustment Event, the replacement of the Security Index the subject of such Security 
Index Adjustment Event or Adjustment Event, as the case may be, with a new security 
index selected by the Calculation Agent (which shall be a replacement security index 
which is reasonably comparable to the relevant Security Index and using, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for 
and method of calculation as used in the calculation of the level of such Security Index 
or a replacement security index selected by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
any other criteria specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement). Such new security 
index shall be deemed to be a Security Index in place of the Security Index the subject 
of the Security Index Adjustment Event or Adjustment Event, as the case may be. 
(c) 
Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Security Index on a Disrupted Day 
If, in accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)), an Underlying Closing Level of a Security 
Index is to be determined on a Valuation Date which is a Disrupted Day for such Security Index, 
then the Calculation Agent shall determine such Underlying Closing Level of such Security 
Index at the Valuation Time on such Valuation Date in accordance with the formula for and 
method of calculating the level of such Security Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of 
the first Disrupted Day in respect of such Security Index, using either (i) the price traded or 
quoted on the relevant Exchange as of the relevant Valuation Time on such Valuation Date of 
each Component Security contained in such Security Index; or (ii) (if an event giving rise to a 
Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant Component Security on that Valuation 
Date) its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant Component Security as of the relevant 
Valuation Time on such Valuation Date.  
(d) 
Calculation Agent's discretion to determine non-material events 
If the Calculation Agent determines that it is not material that any day on which would otherwise 
have been a Valuation Date is: 
(i) 
not a Scheduled Trading Day for a Security Index because one or more relevant Related 
Exchanges is not scheduled to be open; or 
(ii) 
a Disrupted Day for a Security Index solely because any relevant Related Exchange fails 
to open, 
then the Calculation Agent shall have the discretion to determine any such day either (A) to be 
the Valuation Date in respect of a Security Index, notwithstanding that such day is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day for such Security Index because one or more such Related Exchanges

--- Page 393 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 1 – SECURITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
365 
 
is not scheduled to be open; or (B) not to be a Disrupted Day where such day would be a 
Disrupted Day solely because any such Related Exchange fails to open. 
In determining what is "material", the Calculation Agent shall have regard to such circumstances 
as it deems appropriate, which may include (without limitation) the effect of the above on (I) 
any Underlying Closing Level or any Underlying Level (as relevant) of the affected Security 
Index; (II) any trading in futures contracts or options contracts on any such relevant Related 
Exchange; and (III) the Issuer's hedging arrangements in respect of the Securities. 
(e) 
Conditions for Bond Indices 
In relation to Security Indices which are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be Bond 
Indices, all references to "Security Index" and "Security Indices" in these Security Index 
Conditions shall be deemed to be references to "Bond Index" and "Bond Indices" and these 
Security Index Conditions shall be deemed to be amended as set out below. 
(i) 
Valuation 
The definition "Valuation Time" set out in Security Index Condition 2(a) (Closing 
valuations) shall be deleted and replaced by the following: 
Valuation Time means, in respect of an Underlying Closing Level and a Scheduled 
Trading Day, (A) for the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event 
has occurred in respect of any relevant Component Security, the time at which such 
Component Security is valued for the purposes of determining the level of such Bond 
Index for the relevant day; and (B) in all other circumstances, the time at which the level 
of such Bond Index for such day is calculated and published by the relevant Index 
Sponsor.". 
(ii) 
Market Disruption Event 
In relation to a Bond Index, the definition of "Market Disruption Event" set out in 
Security Index Condition 3(b) (Multiple Exchange Index) shall be amended by the 
insertion of the word "or" at the end of sub paragraph (viii) and the insertion of the 
following paragraphs as sub-paragraphs (ix) to (xii) after sub-paragraph (viii) thereof: 
"(ix) a general moratorium is declared in respect of banking activities in the country in 
which the Exchange in respect of a Component Security is located (which the 
Calculation Agent determines is material); or 
(x) 
the difference between the bid and offer prices of any Component Security 
increases compared to that prevailing as at the Issue Date at any time (which the 
Calculation Agent determines is material); or 
(xi) 
the calculation of such Bond Index is impractical or impossible at any time save 
in circumstances in which the relevant Index Sponsor fails to calculate and 
publish such Bond Index as described in Security Index Condition 6(b) 
(Modification or cancellation of a Security Index and Security Index 
Substitution); or 
(xii) 
a reduction in liquidity in any Component Security and/or any other event or 
circumstance that is beyond the reasonable control of the Issuer that prevents or 
limits transactions in the Component Security (which the Calculation Agent 
determines is material).". 
(iii) 
In relation to a Bond Index, Security Index Condition 6 (Additional Provisions) shall be 
amended as follows: 
(1) 
the first paragraph of Security Index Condition 6(b) (Modification or cancellation 
of a Security Index and Security Index Substitution) shall be amended by the 
deletion of the words "(other than a modification prescribed in that formula or 
method to maintain such Security Index in the event of changes in Component

--- Page 394 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 1 – SECURITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
366 
 
Securities and capitalisation and other routine events)" in the third, fourth and 
fifth lines thereof and the substitution of the words "(other than a modification 
prescribed in the conditions or methodology of the relevant Bond Index to 
maintain the relevant Bond Index in the event of changes in Component Securities 
and other routine events)" therefore; and 
(2) 
Security Index Condition 6(d) (Calculation Agent's discretion to determine non-
material events) shall not apply to the Bond Index. 
(iv) 
In relation to a Bond Index, there shall be no definition of "Related Exchange" and the 
Conditions shall be construed accordingly.

--- Page 395 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 2 – INFLATION INDEX CONDITIONS 
367 
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 2 – INFLATION INDEX CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply to each Underlying classified in the applicable Issue Terms as an 
"Inflation Index". 
For the avoidance of doubt, defined terms used in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect 
of Securities linked to Inflation Indices. 
1. 
Definitions 
Cut-off Date means, in respect of a Payment Date, the day which is five Business Days prior 
to such Payment Date. 
Fallback Bond means, in respect of an Inflation Index, if "Fallback Bond" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, (a) the bond specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms; or (b) if no such bond is specified, a bond selected by the Calculation Agent and issued 
by the government of the country to whose level of inflation such Inflation Index relates and 
which pays interest or a redemption amount which is calculated by reference to such Inflation 
Index, with a maturity date which falls on (i) the same day as the Maturity Date; (ii) the next 
longest maturity after the Maturity Date if there is no such bond maturing on the Maturity Date; 
or (iii) the next shortest maturity before the Maturity Date if no bond described in (a) or (b) 
above is selected by the Calculation Agent. If the Inflation Index relates to the level of inflation 
across the European Monetary Union (EMU), then the Calculation Agent will select an 
inflation-linked bond which is a debt obligation of one of the governments (but not any 
government agency) of France, Italy, Germany or Spain and which pays interest or a redemption 
amount which is calculated by reference to the level of inflation in the EMU. In each case, the 
Calculation Agent will select the Fallback Bond from those inflation-linked bonds issued on or 
before the Issue Date and, if there is more than one inflation-linked bond maturing on the same 
date, then the Fallback Bond shall be selected by the Calculation Agent from those bonds. If the 
Fallback Bond in respect of an Inflation Index redeems, then the Calculation Agent will select 
a new Fallback Bond on the same basis, but selected from all eligible bonds in issue at the time 
the original Fallback Bond redeems (including any bond for which the redeemed bond is 
exchanged).  
Index Sponsor means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the corporation or other entity which (a) 
is responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and methods of calculation and 
adjustments, if any, related to such Inflation Index; and (b) announces (directly or through an 
agent) the level of such Inflation Index. 
Inflation Index means each Underlying classified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or any 
Successor Index. 
Inflation Index Condition means each condition specified in this Underlying Schedule. 
Manifest Error Cut-off Date means, in respect of a Payment Date, two Business Days prior to 
such Payment Date, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Payment Date means, in respect of a Valuation Date, the Interest Payment Date, the Maturity 
Date or other date to which such Valuation Date relates. 
Reference Month means, in respect of an Inflation Index and a Valuation Date, each month 
specified as such for such Valuation Date in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Revision Cut-off Date means, in respect of a Payment Date, two Business Days prior to such 
Payment Date, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
2. 
Valuation 
Underlying Closing Level means, in respect of an Inflation Index, a Valuation Date and a 
related Reference Month, the level of such Inflation Index in respect of such Reference Month, 
as displayed on the applicable Electronic Page.

--- Page 396 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 2 – INFLATION INDEX CONDITIONS 
368 
 
Valuation Time and Underlying Level shall not apply to an Inflation Index. 
3. 
Disruption To Valuation 
(a) 
Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of an Inflation Index on a Valuation Date 
Any Specified Valuation Date shall not be adjusted in relation to an Inflation Index and the 
Substitute Index Level provisions set out below shall apply thereto. The provisions of Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 2(c) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading Days)) shall 
only apply in relation to Underlying(s) which are not Inflation Indices (if any). 
(b) 
Substitute Index Level 
If an Underlying Closing Level for a Reference Month has not been published or announced by 
the Cut-off Date for the relevant Payment Date, then the Calculation Agent shall, subject to any 
provisions specified in the applicable Issue Terms, determine a substitute index level (the 
Substitute Index Level) by using the following methodology: 
(i) 
if Fallback Bond is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Calculation 
Agent will take the same action to determine the Substitute Index Level for the affected 
Reference Month as that taken by the relevant calculation agent pursuant to the terms 
and conditions of any relevant Fallback Bond; and 
(ii) 
if there is no Fallback Bond or sub-paragraph (i) does not result in a Substitute Index 
Level for the relevant Reference Month for any reason, then the Calculation Agent will 
determine the Substitute Index Level in accordance with the formula set out below: 
Substitute Index Level = Base Level ∗(Latest Level/Reference Level) 
Where: 
Base Level means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the level of such Inflation Index 
(excluding any "flash" estimate) published or announced by the relevant Index Sponsor 
in respect of the month which is 12 calendar months prior to the Reference Month for 
which the Substitute Index Level is being determined; 
Latest Level means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the latest level of such Inflation 
Index (excluding any "flash" estimate) published or announced by the relevant Index 
Sponsor prior to the Reference Month in respect of which the Substitute Index Level is 
being determined; 
Reference Level means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the level of such Inflation Index 
(excluding any "flash" estimate) published or announced by the relevant Index Sponsor 
in respect of the month which is 12 calendar months prior to the Reference Month 
referred to in the definition for "Latest Level" above; and 
(iii) 
if the Underlying Closing Level of an Inflation Index for a Reference Month is published 
or announced at any time after the Cut-off Date for the relevant Payment Date, then such 
Underlying Closing Level will not be used in any calculation. The Substitute Index Level 
determined pursuant to this Inflation Index Condition 3 (Disruption To Valuation) will 
be the Underlying Closing Level in respect of the relevant Reference Month. 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
The following Additional Adjustment Event shall apply in respect of an Inflation Index if 
Inflation Index Condition 4 (Additional Adjustment Events) is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms: the relevant Index Sponsor imposes on the Issuer and/or any of its 
Affiliates increased or unexpected fees and costs for the use of such Inflation Index, which the 
Calculation Agent determines are material.

--- Page 397 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 2 – INFLATION INDEX CONDITIONS 
369 
 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events 
The following Additional Early Redemption Events shall apply in respect of an Inflation Index 
if Inflation Index Condition 5 (Additional Early Redemption Events) is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent determines that no Successor Index can be determined under 
Inflation Index Condition 6(d) (Substitution of an Inflation Index); and 
(b) 
the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment can reasonably be made under 
Inflation Index Condition 6(e) (Modification of an Inflation Index). 
6. 
Additional Provisions 
(a) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
The provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(l) (Correction of published or 
announced prices or levels) shall not apply in respect of an Inflation Index. 
(b) 
Revision of the level of an Inflation Index 
The operation of this Inflation Index Condition 6(b) (Revision of the level of an Inflation Index) 
is subject as provided in Inflation Index Condition 6(c) (Correction of a manifest error in the 
level of an Inflation Index) below. 
If "Revision" is specified as applicable for an Inflation Index in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
the first publication and announcement of an Underlying Closing Level of such Inflation Index, 
or any revision to such Underlying Closing Level made no later than the relevant Revision Cut-
off Date, shall be final and conclusive. 
If "No Revision" is specified as applicable for an Inflation Index in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the first publication and announcement of an Underlying Closing Level of such Inflation 
Index shall be final and conclusive, and any later revision to such Underlying Closing Level 
will not be used in any calculation. 
If neither "Revision" nor "No Revision" is elected in the applicable Issue Terms, then "No 
Revision" shall be deemed to apply. 
(c) 
Correction of a manifest error in the level of an Inflation Index 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Index Sponsor of an Inflation Index has corrected 
an Underlying Closing Level for such Inflation Index to correct a manifest error no later than 
the earlier to occur of (i) the relevant Manifest Error Cut-off Date; and (ii) 30 calendar days 
following the first publication and announcement of such Underlying Closing Level, then the 
Calculation Agent may use such corrected Underlying Closing Level for the purposes of any 
calculation in respect of any relevant Valuation Date. Any correction to an Underlying Closing 
Level of such Inflation Index published after the relevant Manifest Error Cut-off Date will not 
be used in any calculation in respect of any relevant Valuation Date. In the event of any 
inconsistency (as determined by the Calculation Agent) between this Inflation Index Condition 
6(c) (Correction of a manifest error in the level of an Inflation Index) and Inflation Index 
Condition 6(b) (Revision of the level of an Inflation Index), the operation of this Inflation Index 
Condition 6(c) (Correction of a manifest error in the level of an Inflation Index) shall prevail. 
(d) 
Substitution of an Inflation Index 
If Inflation Index Substitution is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and the 
Calculation Agent determines that either (i) a level for an Inflation Index has not been published 
or announced for two consecutive months; and/or (ii) the Index Sponsor announces that it will 
no longer continue to publish or announce such Inflation Index; and/or (iii) the Index Sponsor 
cancels such Inflation Index, then the Calculation Agent may replace such Inflation Index with 
a successor index (a Successor Index) by using the following methodology:

--- Page 398 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 2 – INFLATION INDEX CONDITIONS 
370 
 
(i) 
if at any time a successor index has been designated in respect of an Inflation Index by 
the calculation agent under any relevant Fallback Bond pursuant to the terms and 
conditions of such Fallback Bond, then such successor index may be designated a 
"Successor Index" for such Inflation Index for the purposes of all subsequent Valuation 
Dates, notwithstanding that any other Successor Index may previously have been 
determined under sub-paragraph (ii) or (iii); 
(ii) 
if a Successor Index has not been determined under sub-paragraph (i) and a notice has 
been given or an announcement has been made by the relevant Index Sponsor, specifying 
that such Inflation Index will be superseded by a replacement inflation index specified 
by the relevant Index Sponsor, and the Calculation Agent determines that such 
replacement inflation index is calculated using the same or substantially similar formula 
or method of calculation as used in the calculation of the previously applicable Inflation 
Index, then such replacement index shall be such Inflation Index for purposes of the 
Securities from the date that such replacement Inflation Index comes into effect; 
(iii) 
if no Successor Index has been determined under sub-paragraph (i) or (ii) by the fifth 
Business Day prior to the Cut-off Date in respect of the next following Payment Date, 
then the Calculation Agent will determine an appropriate alternative index and such 
index will be deemed a "Successor Index". 
If a Successor Index is determined in accordance with the above, the Calculation Agent may 
make such adjustment(s) to the terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Issue 
Terms as the Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate to account for such 
replacement and determine the effective date(s) of the adjustment(s) to the Securities. 
If no Successor Index can be determined pursuant to the above, the provisions of Inflation Index 
Condition 5 (Additional Early Redemption Events) shall apply. 
(e) 
Modification of an Inflation Index 
If, on or prior to any Cut-off Date in respect of a Payment Date, an Index Sponsor announces 
that it will make a material change to an Inflation Index, then the Calculation Agent shall make 
such adjustments to the Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms (i) (if a 
Fallback Bond is specified for the relevant Inflation Index) as are consistent with any adjustment 
made to the relevant Fallback Bond; or (ii) (if no Fallback Bond is specified for the relevant 
Inflation Index) as are necessary for such modified Inflation Index to continue as an Inflation 
Index. 
If no such adjustment can reasonably be made pursuant to the above, the provisions of Inflation 
Index Condition 5 (Additional Early Redemption Events) shall apply. 
(f) 
Rebasing of the Inflation Index 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Inflation Index has been or will be rebased at any 
time, then the Inflation Index as so rebased (the Rebased Index) will be used for the purposes 
of determining any Underlying Closing Level of such Inflation Index from the date of such 
rebasing. 
If a Fallback Bond is specified for the relevant Inflation Index, then the Calculation Agent shall 
make such adjustments to the levels of such Rebased Index as are made by the calculation agent 
pursuant to the terms and conditions of the relevant Fallback Bond, so that the levels of such 
Rebased Index reflect the same rate of inflation as the relevant Inflation Index before it was 
rebased. 
If no Fallback Bond is specified for the relevant Inflation Index, then the Calculation Agent 
shall make such adjustments to the levels of such Rebased Index, so that the levels of such 
Rebased Index reflect the same rate of inflation as the relevant Inflation Index before it was 
rebased. 
In each case, the Calculation Agent may make such adjustment(s) to the terms of these 
Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms as the Calculation Agent determines necessary or

--- Page 399 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 2 – INFLATION INDEX CONDITIONS 
371 
 
appropriate to account for such rebasing and determine the effective date(s) of the adjustment(s) 
to the Securities.  
Any such rebasing shall not affect any prior payments made under the Securities.

--- Page 400 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 3 – COMMODITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
372 
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 3 – COMMODITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply to each Underlying classified in the applicable Issue Terms as a 
"Commodity Index". 
For the avoidance of doubt, defined terms used in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect 
of Securities linked to Commodity Indices. 
1. 
Definitions 
Commodity Index means each Underlying classified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Commodity Index Condition means each condition specified in this Underlying Schedule. 
Component means, in respect of a Commodity Index, each component included in such 
Commodity Index. 
Component Trading Day means, in respect of a Component, a day on which the Exchange for 
such Component is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading session, 
notwithstanding such Exchange closing prior to the Scheduled Closing Time for such 
Component. 
Exchange means, in respect of a Commodity Index, each exchange, quotation system, over-the-
counter market or principal trading market on which each relevant Component is (as determined 
by the Calculation Agent) principally traded and, in respect of a Component of a Commodity 
Index, the exchange, quotation system, over-the-counter market or principal trading market on 
which such Component is (as determined by the Calculation Agent) principally traded. 
Exchange Business Day means, in respect of a Commodity Index, any Scheduled Trading Day 
for such Commodity Index on which the relevant Index Sponsor publishes the level of such 
Commodity Index. 
Index Sponsor means, in respect of a Commodity Index, the corporation or other entity which 
(a) is responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and methods of calculations 
and adjustments, if any, related to such Commodity Index; and (b) announces (directly or 
through an agent) the level of such Commodity Index on a regular basis.  
Related Exchange means, in respect of a Commodity Index and options contracts and futures 
contracts on such Commodity Index, any exchange on which such options contracts or futures 
contracts on such Commodity Index are traded. 
Scheduled Closing Time means (a) in respect of a Scheduled Trading Day and an Exchange or 
a Related Exchange, the scheduled weekday closing time on such Exchange or Related 
Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to after-hours trading or any other 
trading outside the hours of the regular trading session on such Exchange and (b) in respect of 
a Component Trading Day, a Component and the Exchange for such Component, the scheduled 
weekday closing time on such Exchange on such Component Trading Day, without regard to 
after-hours trading or any other trading outside the hours of the regular trading session on such 
Exchange. 
Scheduled Trading Day means, in respect of a Commodity Index, any day on which the 
relevant Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of such Commodity Index and, where 
Commodity Component Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, any 
day on which the Exchange for each Component of such Commodity Index is scheduled to be 
open for trading for its regular trading session, notwithstanding any such Exchange closing prior 
to the Scheduled Closing Time for the relevant Component. 
Successor Index shall have the meaning given to it in Commodity Index Condition 4 
(Additional Adjustment Events). 
Tax Disruption means, in respect of a Commodity Index, the imposition of, change in or 
removal of a Relevant Tax by any relevant government or taxing authority after the Trade Date,

--- Page 401 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 3 – COMMODITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
373 
 
if the direct effect of such imposition, change or removal is to increase or decrease the level of 
the Commodity Index on a day which would otherwise be a Valuation Date from what it would 
have been without such imposition, change or removal. For these purposes, Relevant Tax means, 
in respect of a Component or commodity relating to such Component, any excise, severance, 
sales, use, value-added, transfer, stamp, documentary, recording or other similar tax on, or 
measured by reference to, such Component or commodity (other than a tax on, or measured by 
reference to, overall gross or net income). 
2. 
Valuation 
(a) 
Closing valuations 
Underlying Closing Level means, in respect of a Commodity Index and a Valuation Date, the 
official closing level of such Commodity Index on such Valuation Date or, where the level of 
such Commodity Index is only published once in respect of any day, the level of such 
Commodity Index either (a) where Same Day Publication is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, on such Valuation Date (and in which circumstances, where the level 
of such Commodity Index is published on a succeeding Scheduled Trading Day, the level for 
that Valuation Date will have been the level calculated for the Commodity Index for or in respect 
of a preceding Scheduled Trading Day) or (b) where Same Day Publication is not specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, for such Valuation Date (and in which circumstances 
the level for that Valuation Date may be published on a succeeding Scheduled Trading Day), 
on the applicable Electronic Page.  
Valuation Time means, in respect of a Commodity Index, an Underlying Closing Level and a 
Scheduled Trading Day, (i) for the purposes of determining whether a Disrupted Day has 
occurred: (A) in respect of any relevant Component, the time at which such Component is 
valued for the purposes of determining the relevant level of such Commodity Index, and (B) in 
respect of any options contracts or future contracts on the Commodity Index, the close of trading 
on the relevant Related Exchange; and (ii) in all other circumstances, either (A) where the level 
of such Commodity Index is only published once a day, the time at which the level of such 
Commodity Index for such day is calculated and published by the relevant Index Sponsor or (B) 
otherwise, the time at which the official closing level of the Commodity Index is calculated and 
published by the relevant Index Sponsor. 
(b) 
Intraday valuations 
Underlying Level means, in respect of a Commodity Index and a Valuation Date, the level of 
such Commodity Index observed continuously during such Valuation Date, as displayed on the 
applicable Electronic Page. 
Valuation Time means, in respect of a Commodity Index, an Underlying Level and a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the time at which the level of such Commodity Index is being determined during 
such Scheduled Trading Day. 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation 
Disrupted Day means: 
(a) 
where Commodity Component Valuation is not specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, in respect of a Commodity Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which 
any of the events set out below occurs: 
(i) 
the relevant Index Sponsor fails to publish the level of such Commodity Index; 
(ii) 
a temporary or permanent failure by the relevant Exchange to announce or publish 
a relevant price for any relevant Component of such Commodity Index; 
(iii) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) 
at any time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time 
of any suspension of or limitation imposed (whether by reason of movements in 
price exceeding permitted limits or otherwise) on the trading on any relevant

--- Page 402 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 3 – COMMODITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
374 
 
Exchange of relevant Components which in aggregate comprise 20 per cent. or 
more of the level of such Commodity Index; or 
(iv) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) 
at any time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time 
of any suspension of or limitation imposed (whether by reason of movements in 
price exceeding permitted limits or otherwise) on the trading on any Related 
Exchange of futures contracts or option contracts relating to such Commodity 
Index; or 
(v) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) 
at any time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time 
of any other event (other than an event described in sub-paragraph (vii) or sub 
paragraph (viii) of this definition) which disrupts or impairs (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (on any relevant 
Exchange) to effect transactions in or to obtain market values for relevant 
Components which in aggregate comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of 
such Commodity Index; or 
(vi) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) 
at any time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time 
of any other event (other than an event described in sub-paragraph (vii) or sub 
paragraph (viii) of this definition) which disrupts or impairs (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (on any Related 
Exchange) to effect transactions in or to obtain market values for any futures 
contracts or options contracts relating to such Commodity Index; or 
(vii) 
the closure (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) on any Exchange 
Business Day of any relevant Exchange in respect of relevant Components which 
in aggregate comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of such Commodity Index 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time (unless such earlier closing time is announced 
by such Exchange at least one hour prior to the actual closing time for the regular 
trading session on such Exchange on such Exchange Business Day); or 
(viii) the closure (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) on any Exchange 
Business Day of any Related Exchange in respect of futures contracts or option 
contracts relating to such Commodity Index prior to its Scheduled Closing Time 
(unless such earlier closing time is announced by such Related Exchange at least 
one hour prior to the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such 
Related Exchange on such Exchange Business Day); or 
(b) 
where Commodity Component Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms: 
(i) 
in respect of a Commodity Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which any of 
the events set out below occurs: 
(x) 
the relevant Index Sponsor fails to publish the level of such Commodity 
Index; 
(y) 
such day is a Disrupted Day in respect of a Component of such Commodity 
Index as specified in sub-paragraphs (ii)(x), (y) or (z) below. 
(ii) 
in respect of a Component, any Component Trading Day on which any of the 
events set out below occurs: 
(x) 
the failure of a relevant Exchange to announce or publish the settlement 
price for such Component (or other relevant price, or prices from which 
such price is calculated);

--- Page 403 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 3 – COMMODITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
375 
 
(y) 
the suspension of or limitation on trading in such Component on the 
relevant Exchange which the Calculation Agent determines is material; 
and 
(z) 
the closing or settlement price for such Component is a "limit price" which 
means that such closing or settlement price for such Component for the 
relevant day has increased or decreased from the previous day's closing or 
settlement price by the maximum amount permitted under applicable 
exchange rules. 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
(a) 
The following Additional Adjustment Event shall apply in respect of a Commodity Index if 
Commodity Index Condition 4(a) (Additional Adjustment Events) is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms: such Commodity Index is either (i) not calculated and announced 
by or on behalf of the relevant Index Sponsor but instead is calculated and announced by or on 
behalf of a successor to such relevant Index Sponsor acceptable to the Calculation Agent; or (ii) 
replaced by a successor index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or 
a substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as used in the calculation of such 
Commodity Index (such index, the Successor Index, which will be deemed to be such 
Commodity Index); 
(b) 
The following Additional Adjustment Event shall apply in respect of a Commodity Index if 
Commodity Index Condition 4(b) (Additional Adjustment Events) is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms: the relevant Index Sponsor imposes on the Issuer and/or any of its 
Affiliates increased or unexpected fees and costs for the use of such Commodity Index, which 
the Calculation Agent determines are material; or 
(c) 
if "Tax Disruption" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Calculation 
Agent determines in good faith that (i) a Tax Disruption has occurred or exists; and (ii) such 
Tax Disruption is material. 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events 
The following Additional Early Redemption Event shall apply in respect of a Commodity Index 
if Commodity Index Condition 5 (Additional Early Redemption Events) is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms: the Calculation Agent determines that no calculation 
or substitution can reasonably be made under Commodity Index Condition 6(b) (Modification 
or cancellation of a Commodity Index and Commodity Index Substitution). 
6. 
Additional Provisions 
(a) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
Correction Period means, in respect of a Commodity Index, 30 calendar days. 
(b) 
Modification or cancellation of a Commodity Index and Commodity Index Substitution 
(i) 
Commodity Index Adjustment Events 
If Commodity Index Condition 6(b)(i) (Commodity Index Adjustment Events) is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of a Commodity Index, (A) on or 
prior to any Valuation Date, the relevant Index Sponsor announces that it will make a 
material change in the formula for or the method of calculating the level of such 
Commodity Index or in any other way materially modifies such Commodity Index (other 
than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain such Commodity 
Index in the event of changes in relevant Components and other routine events) (a 
Commodity Index Modification); or (B) on or prior to any Valuation Date, the relevant 
Index Sponsor at any time permanently cancels such Commodity Index and no Successor 
Index (as defined in Commodity Index Condition 4 (Additional Adjustment Events)) 
exists (a Commodity Index Cancellation); or (C) on or prior to any Valuation Date the 
relevant Index Sponsor or any person or entity on its behalf fails to calculate and

--- Page 404 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 3 – COMMODITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
376 
 
announce such Commodity Index (a Commodity Index Disruption, and together with 
a Commodity Index Modification and a Commodity Index Cancellation, a Commodity 
Index Adjustment Event), then the Calculation Agent shall determine if such 
Commodity Index Adjustment Event has a material effect on the Securities, and if so, 
either: 
(A) 
calculate the relevant level of such Commodity Index at the relevant time on such 
Valuation Date using, in lieu of a published level for such Commodity Index, the 
level of such Commodity Index at the relevant time on such Valuation Date as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula for and the 
method of calculating the level of such Commodity Index last in effect prior to 
the occurrence of such Commodity Index Adjustment Event but using only those 
Components or other assets or instruments which comprised such Commodity 
Index immediately prior to the occurrence of such Commodity Index Adjustment 
Event (other than those Components which have since ceased to be listed on any 
relevant Exchange); and/or 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent shall substitute such Commodity Index as provided in 
Commodity Index Condition 6(b)(ii) (Commodity Index Substitution) and make 
such adjustments (if any) to the Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Issue 
Terms as it deems necessary or appropriate in relation to such substitution; and/or 
(C) 
make such adjustments to the Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Issue 
Terms as the Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate to account 
for the effect of such Commodity Index Adjustment Event and determine the 
effective date of each such adjustment. 
If no calculation, substitution and/or adjustment can reasonably be made pursuant to the 
above, the provisions of Commodity Index Condition 5 (Additional Early Redemption 
Events) shall apply. 
(ii) 
Commodity Index Substitution 
If Commodity Index Substitution is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
any adjustment made by the Calculation Agent pursuant to Commodity Index Condition 
6(c) (Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Commodity Index on a 
Disrupted Day) shall be, and any adjustment made by the Calculation Agent in response 
to an Adjustment Event may include, a Commodity Index Substitution. 
Commodity Index Substitution means, in relation to a Commodity Index Adjustment 
Event or an Adjustment Event, the replacement of the Commodity Index the subject of 
such Commodity Index Adjustment Event or Adjustment Event, as the case may be, with 
a new commodity index selected by the Calculation Agent (which shall be a replacement 
commodity index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a 
substantially similar formula and method of calculation as used in the calculation of the 
level of such Commodity Index). Such new commodity index shall be deemed to be a 
Commodity Index in place of the Commodity Index the subject of the Commodity Index 
Adjustment Event or Adjustment Event, as the case may be. 
(c) 
Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Commodity Index on a Disrupted Day 
(i) 
Where Commodity Component Valuation is not specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms if an Underlying Closing Level of a Commodity Index is determined on a 
Scheduled Trading Day which is a Disrupted Day for such Commodity Index in 
accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d) (Adjustments to Valuation 
Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)), then the Calculation Agent 
shall determine such Underlying Closing Level of such Commodity Index at the 
Valuation Time on such Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the formula for and 
method of calculating the level of such Commodity Index last in effect prior to the 
occurrence of the first Disrupted Day in respect of such Commodity Index, using either 
(i) the price traded or quoted on the relevant Exchange as of the relevant Valuation Time

--- Page 405 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 3 – COMMODITY INDEX CONDITIONS 
377 
 
on such Scheduled Trading Day of each relevant Component; or (ii) (if an event giving 
rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant Component on that 
Scheduled Trading Day) its good faith estimate of the value of the relevant Component 
as of the relevant Valuation Time on such Scheduled Trading Day. 
(ii) 
Where Commodity Component Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, if a Specified Valuation Date for a Commodity Index is a Disrupted Day 
for such Commodity Index, then, in order to determine the Underlying Closing Level of 
the relevant Commodity Index for such Valuation Date, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the relevant Underlying Closing Level for such Valuation Date using the then-
current method for calculating the level of such Commodity Index based on: 
(A) 
with respect to each Component which is not affected by the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day, the closing or settlement price of each such Component on such 
Specified Valuation Date; and 
(B) 
with respect to each Component which is affected by the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day, the closing or settlement price of each such Component on the 
earlier of: (1) the first succeeding day immediately following such Specified 
Valuation Date which is a Component Trading Day for the relevant Component 
and which is not a Disrupted Day for such Component; and (2) the Scheduled 
Trading Day which is the Valuation Roll number of Scheduled Trading Days for 
the relevant Commodity Index immediately following such Specified Valuation 
Date. 
If, by operation of the above provision, the date for valuation of the relevant Component 
would fall on a day which is a Disrupted Day for such Component, the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the closing or settlement price of the relevant Component for the relevant 
Valuation Date using its good faith estimate of the closing or settlement price of such 
Component for such day. 
If, by operation of the above provision, the date for valuation of the relevant Component 
would otherwise fall on a day falling after the second Scheduled Trading Day for the 
relevant Commodity Index prior to the date on which a relevant payment is scheduled to 
be made under the Securities (the Commodity Index Cut-off Date), such date of valuation 
shall be deemed to be the Commodity Index Cut-off Date (notwithstanding that such date 
either (I) is not a Component Trading Day for such Component; or (II) is a Disrupted 
Day for such Component; or (III) is a Disrupted Day for the relevant Commodity Index), 
and the Calculation Agent shall determine the closing or settlement price of the relevant 
Component for the relevant Valuation Date using its good faith estimate of the closing 
or settlement price of such Component for such day. 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and 
Underlying Closing Levels)) and Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(e) (Adjustments to 
Valuation Dates (Calculation Agent's determination of Underlying Closing Levels)) shall not 
apply to a Specified Valuation Date relating to a Commodity Index except that, if a Disrupted 
Day occurs in respect of an Underlying other than a Commodity Index and "Move in Block" is 
specified for "Valuation Disruption (Disrupted Days)" in respect of the relevant Valuation Date 
in the applicable Issue Terms, the provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d)(ii) 
(Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) shall apply 
thereto PROVIDED THAT if by operation of such provision the relevant Valuation Date would 
thereby fall after the relevant Commodity Index Cut-off Date, the provisions set out in the 
preceding paragraph shall apply. 
In all other cases, the provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d) (Adjustments to 
Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) and Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(e) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Calculation Agent's determination 
of Underlying Closing Levels)) shall only apply in relation to Underlying(s) which are not 
Commodity Indices (if any).

--- Page 406 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 4 – COMMODITY CONDITIONS 
378 
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 4 – COMMODITY CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply to each Underlying classified in the applicable Issue Terms as a 
"Commodity". 
For the avoidance of doubt, defined terms used in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect 
of Securities linked to Commodities. 
1. 
Definitions 
Abandonment of Scheme means that, at any time before to the Maturity Date, the Scheme is, 
as a result of official written public pronouncement by the European Community, no longer 
scheduled to proceed or is to be discontinued. 
For which purpose: 
Allowance Directive means Directive 2003/87/EC of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 13 October 2003 establishing a scheme for greenhouse gas emission allowance 
trading within the Community and amending Council Directive 96/61/EC, as amended by 
Directive 2004/101/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 October 2004, and 
as amended from time to time. 
Registry Regulation means the EU Commission Regulation adopted, or to be adopted, in order 
to establish a standardised and secured system of registries pursuant to Article 19(3) of Directive 
2003/87/EC and Article 6(1) of Decision 280/2004/EC, as amended from time to time. 
Scheme means the scheme for transferring allowances (as defined in the Allowance Directive) 
established pursuant to the Allowance Directive and the Registry Regulation, and as 
implemented by the national laws of the member states from time to time. 
Bullion Commodity means a Commodity which is any of gold, palladium, platinum or silver. 
Calculation Agent Determination means that the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
Underlying Closing Level or the Underlying Level (as relevant) of the relevant Commodity (or 
the method for determining the Relevant Price of such Commodity) for the relevant Valuation 
Date, taking into consideration the latest available quotation for the relevant Commodity Price 
and any other information it deems relevant.  
Cancellation means an Additional Early Redemption Event shall be deemed to have occurred 
as set out in Commodity Condition 5 (Additional Early Redemption Events) and the Securities 
will be redeemed in accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(h) (Early 
Redemption Events). 
Commodity means each Underlying classified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Commodity Condition means each condition specified in this Underlying Schedule. 
Commodity Dealers means the four dealers specified in the applicable Issue Terms or, if four 
dealers are not so specified, four leading dealers in the relevant market selected by the 
Calculation Agent. 
Commodity Price means, in respect of a Commodity, the price or other unit of quotation for 
such Commodity specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Delayed Publication and Announcement means, in respect of a Commodity and a Valuation 
Date, that the Calculation Agent shall determine the Underlying Closing Level or the 
Underlying Level (as relevant) of such Commodity for such Valuation Date, using the Relevant 
Price for such Valuation Date that is published or announced by the relevant Price Source 
retrospectively on any succeeding Scheduled Trading Day. The next Disruption Fallback shall 
apply if the Disruption Event continues to exist or the Relevant Price for such Valuation Date 
continues to be unavailable for consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal in number to the 
Valuation Roll (measured from and including the original day for which the Underlying Closing

--- Page 407 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 4 – COMMODITY CONDITIONS 
379 
 
Level or the Underlying Level (as relevant) was sought), subject as provided in Commodity 
Condition 6(b) (Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Commodity on a Disrupted 
Day).  
Delivery Date means, in respect of a Commodity and the relevant Commodity Price, the 
relevant date or month for delivery of such Commodity: (a) if a date is, or a month and year are, 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, that date or that month and year; (b) if a Nearby Month 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the month of the expiration of the relevant Futures 
Contract; and (c) if a method is specified in the applicable Issue Terms for the purpose of 
determining the Delivery Date, the date or the month and year determined pursuant to such 
method. 
Disappearance of Commodity Price means, in respect of a Commodity, (a) the permanent 
discontinuation of trading in the relevant Futures Contract on the relevant Exchange; (b) the 
disappearance of, or of trading in, such Commodity; (c) the disappearance or permanent 
discontinuation or unavailability of the relevant Commodity Price, notwithstanding the 
availability of the relevant Price Source or the status of trading in the relevant Futures Contract 
or the relevant Commodity. 
Disrupted Day shall have the meaning given to it in Commodity Condition 3(a) (Disrupted 
Day). 
Disruption Event means each of a Disappearance of Commodity Price, a Material Change in 
Content, a Material Change in Formula, a Price Source Disruption, a Tax Disruption, and a 
Trading Disruption which are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms or which are 
deemed to apply as set out in Commodity Condition 3(a) (Disrupted Day). 
Disruption Fallback means each of Calculation Agent Determination, Cancellation, Delayed 
Publication and Announcement, Fallback Commodity Dealers, Fallback Commodity Price, 
Postponement which are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms or which are 
deemed to apply as set out in Commodity Condition 3(b) (Disruption Fallback). 
Exchange means, in respect of a Commodity, the exchange or principal trading market specified 
for such Commodity in the applicable Issue Terms or any successor to such exchange or 
principal trading market. 
Fallback Commodity Dealers means, in respect of a Commodity and a Valuation Date, that 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the Underlying Closing Level or the Underlying Level 
(as relevant) of such Commodity for such Valuation Date on the basis of quotations for the 
Commodity Price of such Commodity provided by Commodity Dealers on such date for 
delivery on the relevant Delivery Date (if applicable). If four quotations are provided as 
requested, then the Underlying Closing Level or the Underlying Level (as relevant) of such 
Commodity for such Valuation Date will be the arithmetic mean of the prices provided by each 
Commodity Dealer, without regard to the highest price and the lowest price. If exactly three 
quotations are provided as requested, then the Underlying Closing Level or the Underlying 
Level (as relevant) of such Commodity for such Valuation Date will be the price which remains 
after disregarding the highest price and the lowest price. For this purpose, if more than one 
quotation have the same value, then one such quotation will be disregarded. If fewer than three 
quotations are provided, it will be deemed that the Underlying Closing Level or the Underlying 
Level (as relevant) of the relevant Commodity for such Valuation Date cannot be determined 
and the next Disruption Fallback shall apply, subject as provided in Commodity Condition 6(b) 
(Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Commodity on a Disrupted Day).  
Fallback Commodity Price means, in respect of a Commodity and a Valuation Date, that the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the Underlying Closing Level or the Underlying Level (as 
relevant) of the relevant Commodity for such Valuation Date using the Commodity Price 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms as an alternative Commodity Price.  
Futures Contract means, in respect of a Commodity and the relevant Commodity Price, the 
contract for future delivery of a contract size in respect of the Delivery Date relating to such 
Commodity specified in such Commodity Price. Where "Futures Contract" is preceded by a

--- Page 408 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 4 – COMMODITY CONDITIONS 
380 
 
numerical adjective, such Futures Contract shall be the Futures Contract expiring in the Nearby 
Month having the same numerical adjective, so that for example (a) First Futures Contract 
means the Futures Contract expiring in the First Nearby Month; and (b) Second Futures 
Contract means the Futures Contract expiring in the Second Nearby Month. 
Material Change in Content means, in respect of a Commodity, the occurrence since the Trade 
Date of a material change in the content, composition or constitution of such Commodity or the 
relevant Futures Contract. 
Material Change in Formula means, in respect of a Commodity, the occurrence since the 
Trade Date of a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating the relevant 
Commodity Price. 
Nearby Month means, in respect of a Delivery Date and a Valuation Date, when preceded by 
a numerical adjective, the month of expiration of a Futures Contract identified by means of such 
numerical adjective, so that for example (a) First Nearby Month means the month of expiration 
of the first Futures Contract to expire following such Valuation Date; and (b) Second Nearby 
Month means the month of expiration of the second Futures Contract to expire following such 
Valuation Date. 
Non-bullion Commodity means a Commodity other than a Bullion Commodity. 
Postponement means, in respect of a Valuation Date and any Commodity to be valued on such 
Valuation Date, that such Valuation Date shall be adjusted in accordance with the provisions of 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and 
Underlying Closing Levels)), subject as provided in Commodity Condition 6(b) (Determination 
of the Underlying Closing Level of a Commodity on a Disrupted Day). 
Price Source means, in respect of a Commodity, the publication or other source (including an 
Exchange) containing or reporting the Relevant Price for such Commodity (or other data from 
which such Relevant Price is calculated) specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of 
such Commodity or any successor which shall, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, be the Electronic Page. 
Price Source Disruption means, in respect of a Commodity, (a) the failure of the relevant Price 
Source to announce or publish the Relevant Price for such Commodity (or other data from which 
such Relevant Price is calculated); (b) the temporary or permanent discontinuation or 
unavailability of the relevant Price Source; or (c) if a Relevant Price is "Fallback Commodity 
Dealers", the failure to obtain at least three quotations as requested from the relevant 
Commodity Dealers. 
Relevant Price means, in respect of a Commodity and a Valuation Date, the price published or 
announced by or on behalf of the relevant Price Source in respect of such Valuation Date for 
the relevant Commodity Price or, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, determined in 
accordance with "Fallback Commodity Dealers". 
Scheduled Trading Day means (a) in respect of a Non-bullion Commodity, either (i) if the 
Commodity Price for such Commodity is a price published or announced by an Exchange, any 
day on which such Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading session, 
notwithstanding such Exchange closing prior to its scheduled closing time; or (ii) if the 
Commodity Price for such Commodity is not a price published or announced by an Exchange, 
any day in respect of which the relevant Price Source is scheduled to announce or publish a 
price; and (b) in respect of a Bullion Commodity, a day on which commercial banks are open 
for business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London 
and New York City (or as otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms). 
Tax Disruption means, in respect of a Commodity, the imposition of, change in or removal of 
a Relevant Tax by any relevant government or taxing authority after the Trade Date, if the direct 
effect of such imposition, change or removal is to increase or decrease the Relevant Price on a 
day which would otherwise be a Valuation Date from what it would have been without such 
imposition, change or removal. For these purposes, Relevant Tax means, in respect of a

--- Page 409 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 4 – COMMODITY CONDITIONS 
381 
 
Commodity, any excise, severance, sales, use, value-added, transfer, stamp, documentary, 
recording or other similar tax on, or measured by reference to, such Commodity (other than a 
tax on, or measured by reference to, overall gross or net income). 
Trading Disruption means, in respect of a Commodity, the suspension of or limitation on 
(which the Calculation Agent determines is material) trading in (a) such Commodity or the 
relevant Futures Contract on the relevant Exchange; or (b) any additional futures contract or 
options contract specified for such Commodity in the applicable Issue Terms on any exchange, 
trading system or quotation system on which any such futures contract or options contract is 
traded. For these purposes, a suspension of trading in a Commodity or the relevant Futures 
Contract shall be deemed to be material only if: (a) all such trading is suspended for the entire 
relevant Valuation Date; or (b) all such trading is suspended subsequent to the opening of trading 
on the relevant Valuation Date and does not recommence prior to the scheduled close of trading 
on the relevant Valuation Date, and such suspension is announced less than one hour before the 
start of such suspension. For these purposes, a limitation on trading in a Commodity or the 
relevant Futures Contract on the relevant Valuation Date shall be deemed to be material only if 
the relevant Exchange establishes limits on the range within which the price of such Commodity 
or Futures Contract may fluctuate and the closing or settlement price of such Commodity or 
Futures Contract on such day is at the upper limit or the lower limit of such range. 
2. 
Valuation 
(a) 
Closing valuations 
Underlying Closing Level means, in respect of a Commodity and a Valuation Date, the 
Relevant Price of such Commodity for such Valuation Date, as displayed on or reported by the 
applicable Electronic Page.  
(b) 
Intraday valuations 
Underlying Level means, in respect of a Commodity and a Valuation Date, the Relevant Price 
of such Commodity observed continuously during the regular market hours on such Valuation 
Date, as displayed on or reported by the applicable Electronic Page. 
(c) 
Valuation Time 
Valuation Time shall not apply to a Commodity. 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation 
(a) 
Disrupted Day 
Disrupted Day means, in respect of a Commodity, any Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Commodity on which an applicable Disruption Event occurs. 
If no Disruption Events are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the following 
Disruption Events will apply: 
(i) 
in respect of a Bullion Commodity, (A) Price Source Disruption; (B) Trading Disruption; 
(C) Disappearance of Commodity Price and (D) Tax Disruption; and 
(ii) 
in respect of a Non-bullion Commodity, (A) Price Source Disruption; (B) Trading 
Disruption; (C) Disappearance of Commodity Price; (D) Material Change in Formula; 
(E) Material Change in Content and (F) Tax Disruption. 
(b) 
Disruption Fallback 
If no Disruption Fallbacks are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then, in order to 
determine the Underlying Closing Level for a Valuation Date, the following Disruption 
Fallbacks will apply in the following order:

--- Page 410 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 4 – COMMODITY CONDITIONS 
382 
 
first, (if an alternative Commodity Price is specified in the applicable Issue Terms) Fallback 
Commodity Price; 
second, Delayed Publication and Announcement and Postponement (each to operate 
concurrently with the other) PROVIDED THAT the price determined by Postponement shall be 
the Relevant Price only if "Delayed Publication and Announcement" does not yield a Relevant 
Price within the Valuation Roll number of Scheduled Trading Days;  
third, Calculation Agent Determination; and 
fourth, Cancellation. 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
No Additional Adjustment Event shall apply in respect of a Commodity. 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events 
The following Additional Early Redemption Event shall apply in respect of a Commodity if 
Commodity Condition 5 (Additional Early Redemption Events) is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms:  
(i) 
the occurrence or existence of a Disruption Event on a Valuation Date and the failure or 
deemed failure of the applicable Disruption Fallbacks to provide a Relevant Price; and 
(ii) 
each Additional Early Redemption Event (if any) specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
6. 
Additional Provisions 
(a) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
Correction Period means, in respect of a Commodity, 30 calendar days. 
(b) 
Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Commodity on a Disrupted Day 
If a day which would otherwise be a Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day for any Commodity, 
then, in order to determine the Underlying Closing Level for such Valuation Date, the Relevant 
Price of such Commodity for such Valuation Date shall be determined in accordance with the 
first applicable Disruption Fallback (applied in accordance with its terms) which provides the 
Relevant Price of such Commodity for such Valuation Date or, if no such Relevant Price can be 
so determined, Cancellation shall apply. 
The provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) shall only apply in relation to a Commodity 
where Postponement is the applicable Disruption Fallback. Where the applicable Disruption 
Fallback is a Disruption Fallback other than Postponement, the relevant Specified Valuation 
Date shall not be adjusted in relation to a Commodity, the Disruption Fallback provisions set 
out below shall apply thereto and the provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d) 
(Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) shall only 
apply in relation to Underlying(s) which are not Commodities (if any). 
If an Underlying Closing Level of a Commodity is to be determined on a day which is a 
Disrupted Day or is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Commodity in accordance with 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and 
Underlying Closing Levels)), then the next applicable Disruption Fallback will apply.

--- Page 411 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 5 – SHARE CONDITIONS 
383 
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 5 – SHARE CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply to each Underlying classified in the applicable Issue Terms as a 
"Share". 
For the avoidance of doubt, defined terms used in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect 
of Securities linked to Shares. 
1. 
Definitions 
Additional Disruption Event means any of Increased Cost of Stock Borrow and/or Loss of 
Stock Borrow, in each case, if specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Component Share means, in respect of any Share which is a Stapled Share, each share specified 
as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Component Share Company means, in respect of a Component Share, the issuer of such 
Component Share, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Exchange means, in respect of a Share, each exchange or quotation system specified as such in 
respect of such Share in the applicable Issue Terms or any successor to such exchange or 
quotation system, or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in such Share 
has temporarily relocated (PROVIDED THAT the Calculation Agent has determined that there 
is comparable liquidity relative to such Share on such temporary substitute exchange or 
quotation system as on the original exchange or quotation system). 
Exchange Business Day means, in respect of a Share, any Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Share on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange for such Share is open for trading 
during its respective regular trading session, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related 
Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
Extraordinary Dividend means, in respect of a Share, a dividend or a distribution or portion 
thereof which is determined by the Calculation Agent to be an extraordinary dividend relating 
to such Share. 
Increased Cost of Stock Borrow means, in respect of a Share, that any Hedging Party would 
incur a rate to borrow such Share that is greater than the Initial Stock Loan Rate. 
Initial Stock Loan Rate means, in respect of a Share, the rate that any Hedging Party would 
have incurred to borrow such Share as of the Trade Date, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
Loss of Stock Borrow means, in respect of a Share, that any Hedging Party is unable, after 
using commercially reasonable efforts, to borrow (or to maintain a borrowing of) such Share at 
a rate equal to or less than the Maximum Stock Loan Rate. 
Maximum Stock Loan Rate means, in respect of a Share, the lowest rate that any Hedging 
Party would have incurred, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to borrow such Share 
as of the Trade Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Reference Index means, in respect of a Share which is the subject of a Share Substitution, an 
index selected by the Calculation Agent (a) in respect of which such Share is, or has been at 
some time during the immediately preceding six months, a component; and (b) in respect of 
which (in the opinion of the Calculation Agent) futures contracts are actively traded. If more 
than one index satisfies the criteria specified in (a) and (b) above, then the Calculation Agent 
shall determine which of such indices shall be the Reference Index. If no index satisfies the 
criteria specified in (a) and (b) above, then the Calculation Agent shall select the Reference 
Index by reference to such criteria it deems appropriate. 
Related Exchange means, in respect of a Share, each exchange or quotation system specified 
as such for such Share in the applicable Issue Terms or any successor to such exchange or 
quotation system, or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures

--- Page 412 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 5 – SHARE CONDITIONS 
384 
 
contracts or options contracts relating to such Share has temporarily relocated (PROVIDED 
THAT the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such 
futures contracts or options contracts relating to such Share on such temporary substitute 
exchange or quotation system as on the original exchange or quotation system). Where "All 
Exchanges" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the applicable Related Exchange in 
respect of a Share, then "Related Exchange" means each exchange or quotation system where 
trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for 
futures contracts or options contracts relating to such Share. 
Scheduled Closing Time means, in respect of a Share, a Scheduled Trading Day and an 
Exchange or a Related Exchange (as relevant) for such Share, the scheduled weekday closing 
time on such Exchange or Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard 
to after-hours trading or any other trading outside the hours of the regular trading session on 
such Exchange or Related Exchange. 
Scheduled Trading Day means, in respect of a Share, any day on which each Exchange and 
each Related Exchange in respect of such Share is scheduled to be open for trading for its 
respective regular trading session. 
Share means each Underlying classified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Share Company means, in respect of a Share, the issuer of such Share, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Share Condition means each condition specified in this Underlying Schedule. 
Stapled Share means each Share in respect of which Stapled Share is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
2. 
Valuation 
(a) 
Closing valuations 
Underlying Closing Level means, in respect of a Share and a Valuation Date, the official 
closing price of such Share on such Valuation Date, as displayed on the applicable Electronic 
Page.  
Valuation Time means, in respect of a Share, an Underlying Closing Level and a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on such Scheduled Trading 
Day. If the relevant Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time, the Valuation Time 
shall be such actual closing time. 
In the case of a Share the relevant Exchange of which is in the Republic of Italy, such closing 
price shall be the "Prezzo di Referimento". 
(b) 
Intraday valuations 
Underlying Level means, in respect of a Share and a Valuation Date, the price of such Share 
observed continuously during such Valuation Date, as displayed on the applicable Electronic 
Page. 
Valuation Time means, in respect of a Share, an Underlying Level and a Scheduled Trading 
Day for such Share, the time at which the price of such Share is being determined during such 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
3. 
Disruption To Valuation 
Disrupted Day means, in respect of a Share, any Scheduled Trading Day for such Share on 
which any of the events set out below occurs: 
(a) 
any relevant Exchange or any relevant Related Exchange fails to open for trading during 
its regular trading session; or

--- Page 413 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 5 – SHARE CONDITIONS 
385 
 
(b) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any 
suspension of or limitation imposed (whether by reason of movements in price exceeding 
permitted limits or otherwise) on the trading on any relevant Exchange; or 
(c) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any 
suspension of or limitation imposed (whether by reason of movements in price exceeding 
permitted limits or otherwise) on the trading on any relevant Related Exchange of futures 
contracts or options contracts relating to such Share; or 
(d) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any other 
event (other than an event described in sub-paragraph (f) or sub-paragraph (g) of this 
definition) which disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability 
of market participants in general (on any relevant Exchange) to effect transactions in or 
to obtain market values for such Share; or 
(e) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any other 
event (other than an event described in sub-paragraph (f) or sub-paragraph (g) of this 
definition) which disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability 
of market participants in general (on any relevant Related Exchange) to effect 
transactions in or to obtain market values for any futures contracts or options contracts 
relating to such Share; or 
(f) 
the closure (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) on any Exchange 
Business Day of any relevant Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time (unless such 
earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier 
of (A) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange on such 
Exchange Business Day; and (B) the deadline for the submission of orders to be entered 
into such Exchange system for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such 
Exchange Business Day); or 
(g) 
the closure (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) on any Exchange 
Business Day of any Related Exchange in respect of futures contracts or options contracts 
relating to such Share prior to its Scheduled Closing Time (unless such earlier closing 
time is announced by such Related Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier of (A) 
the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Related Exchange on such 
Exchange Business Day; and (B) the deadline for the submission of orders to be entered 
into such Related Exchange system for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such 
Exchange Business Day). 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
The following Additional Adjustment Events shall apply in respect of a Share and the relevant 
Share Company (as relevant): (i) a Corporate Action, a Delisting, a De-stapling Event, an 
Insolvency, a Merger Event, a Nationalisation, a Tender Offer and a Component Share 
Additional Adjustment Event (but in each case only if the relevant event is specified in relation 
to Share Condition 4 (Additional Adjustment Events) as being applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms) and (ii) each Additional Disruption Event (if any) specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
(a) 
Corporate Action 
Corporate Action means: 
(i) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant Shares, unless resulting in a 
Merger Event; or 
(ii) 
a free distribution or dividend of relevant Shares to existing holders by way of bonus, 
capitalisation or similar issue; or

--- Page 414 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 5 – SHARE CONDITIONS 
386 
 
(iii) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of relevant Shares of (A) an additional 
amount of such Shares; or (B) other share capital or securities granting the right to 
payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of the liquidation of the relevant Share 
Company equally or proportionately with such payments to holders of such Shares; or 
(C) share capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or 
indirectly) by the relevant Share Company as a result of a spin-off or other similar 
transaction; or (D) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any 
case for payment (whether in cash or otherwise) at less than their prevailing market price, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(iv) 
an Extraordinary Dividend; or 
(v) 
a call by a Share Company in respect of relevant Shares which are not fully paid; or 
(vi) 
a repurchase by a Share Company or any of its subsidiaries of relevant Shares, whether 
out of profits or capital, and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, 
securities or otherwise; or 
(vii) 
in respect of a Share Company, an event which results in any shareholder rights being 
diluted or becoming separated from shares of common stock or other shares of the capital 
stock of such Share Company, pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or arrangement 
directed against hostile takeovers which provides (upon the occurrence of certain events) 
for a distribution of preferred stock, warrants, debt instruments or stock rights at a price 
below their market value as determined by the Calculation Agent (PROVIDED THAT 
any adjustment effected as a result of such an event may, in the discretion of the 
Calculation Agent, be readjusted upon any redemption of such rights); or 
(viii) any other event which may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Shares. 
(b) 
Delisting 
Delisting means, in respect of relevant Shares, that the relevant Exchange announces that, 
pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, such Shares cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or 
publicly quoted on such Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event or a Tender Offer) 
and are not (or will not be) immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or 
quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is located 
within the European Union, in any Member State) or another exchange or quotation system (that 
is deemed acceptable by the Calculation Agent) located in another country (that is deemed 
acceptable by the Calculation Agent). 
(c) 
Insolvency 
Insolvency means, in respect of a Share Company, that either (i) by reason of the voluntary or 
involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or winding up of or any analogous 
proceeding affecting such Share Company, (A) all the Shares of such Share Company are 
required to be transferred to an Insolvency Officer; or (B) holders of Shares of such Share 
Company become legally prohibited from transferring such Shares; or (ii) an Insolvency Event 
occurs in respect of such Share Company. 
Insolvency Officer means, an administrator, provisional liquidator, liquidator, conservator, 
receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official. 
Insolvency Event means, in respect of an entity, that such entity (i) is dissolved or has a 
resolution passed for its dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (ii) makes a general assignment or arrangement with 
or for the benefit of its creditors; (iii) (A) institutes, or has instituted against it by a Competent 
Official, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under 
any bankruptcy law, insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights or a petition 
is presented for its winding up or liquidation by it or by such Competent Official; or (B) has 
instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other 
relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditor's rights, or

--- Page 415 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 5 – SHARE CONDITIONS 
387 
 
a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is 
instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in (A) above and either (x) results in 
a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an 
order for its winding-up or liquidation or (y) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, 
in each case, within 15 days of the institution or presentation thereof; (iv) seeks or becomes 
subject to the appointment of an Insolvency Officer for all or substantially all its assets; (v) has 
a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets (and such secured party 
maintains possession for not less than 15 days thereafter); (vi) has a distress, execution, 
attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or 
substantially all its assets (and such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained 
within 15 days thereafter); or (vii) such entity causes or is subject to any event which, under the 
applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in (iv) 
to (vi) above. For these purposes, "Competent Official" means, in respect of an entity, a 
regulator, supervisor or other similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or 
regulatory jurisdiction over such entity in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or 
in the jurisdiction of its head office or home office. 
(d) 
Merger Event 
Merger Event means, in respect of any relevant Shares, any: 
(i) 
reclassification or change of such Shares which results in a transfer of or an irrevocable 
commitment to transfer all such Shares outstanding to another entity or person; or 
(ii) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant Share 
Company with or into another entity (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger 
or binding share exchange in which such Share Company is the continuing entity and 
which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such Shares outstanding); or 
(iii) 
takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any 
entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding Shares 
of the relevant Share Company, which results in a transfer of or an irrevocable 
commitment to transfer all such Shares (other than those Shares owned or controlled by 
such other entity or person); or 
(iv) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant Share 
Company or its subsidiaries with or into another entity in which such Share Company is 
the continuing entity and which does not result in the reclassification or change of all 
such Shares outstanding but results in the outstanding Shares (other than those Shares 
owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively 
representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding Shares immediately following such 
event, 
in each case if the "Merger Date" is on or before (A) in the case of Cash Settled Securities, the 
last occurring Valuation Date in respect of the Securities or (B) in the case of Physical Delivery 
Securities, the Maturity Date. For these purposes, Merger Date means the closing date of a 
Merger Event or, where a closing date cannot be determined under the local law applicable to 
such Merger Event, such other date as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(e) 
Nationalisation 
Nationalisation means, in respect of a Share Company, that all the Shares or all the assets or 
substantially all the assets of such Share Company are nationalised, expropriated or are 
otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or 
instrumentality thereof. 
(f) 
Tender Offer 
Tender Offer means, in respect of a Share Company, a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange 
offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person that results in such entity or 
person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other 
means, greater than 10 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares of

--- Page 416 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 5 – SHARE CONDITIONS 
388 
 
such Share Company, as determined by the Calculation Agent, based on the making of filings 
with governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation 
Agent deems relevant. 
(g) 
De-stapling Event 
De-stapling Event means, in respect of any Share which is a Stapled Share, the Component 
Shares are, or are deemed to be, no longer trading as a single stapled security on the relevant 
Exchange. 
(h) 
Component Share Additional Adjustment Event 
Component Share Additional Adjustment Event means, in respect of any Share which is a 
Stapled Share, the following event(s) in respect of a Component Share thereof and the relevant 
Component Share Company (as relevant): a Corporate Action, an Insolvency, a Merger Event, 
a Nationalisation and a Tender Offer (but in each case only if the relevant event is specified in 
relation to Share Condition 4 (Additional Adjustment Events) as being applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms). For such purposes, each reference to a Share or Shares or (as the case 
may be) Share Company in the definitions of Corporate Action, Insolvency, Merger Event, 
Nationalisation, Tender Offer, Extraordinary Dividend and related definitions and terms shall 
be deemed to be a reference to the relevant Component Share or Component Shares or (as the 
case may be) the relevant Component Share Company. 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events 
No Additional Early Redemption Event shall apply in respect of a Share. 
6. 
Additional Provisions 
(a) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
Correction Period means, in respect of a Share, two Business Days. 
(b) 
Share Substitution 
If Share Substitution is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, any adjustment 
made by the Calculation Agent in response to an Adjustment Event may include a Share 
Substitution. 
Share Substitution means 
(i) 
in relation to an Adjustment Event and a Share (other than a Stapled Share), the 
replacement of a Share the subject of such Adjustment Event with a new share selected 
by the Calculation Agent (which shall be a share contained in the Reference Index or 
selected by the Calculation Agent in accordance with any other criteria specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement). Such new share shall be deemed to be a Share in place 
of the Share the subject of the Adjustment Event; or 
(ii) 
in relation to an Adjustment Event and a Share which is a Stapled Share or a Component 
Share of a Stapled Share, the replacement of such Share and/or any or each Component 
Share of such Share (regardless of whether such Share or Component Share is the subject 
of such Adjustment Event) with a new share or new shares selected by the Calculation 
Agent (which (in respect of a Share) shall be a share contained in the Reference Index or 
selected by the Calculation Agent in accordance with any other criteria specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement (regardless of whether such new share is a Stapled Share) 
or which (in respect of a Component Share) shall be a share selected by the Calculation 
Agent (regardless of whether such share is contained in the Reference Index)). Such new 
share shall be deemed to be a Share in place of the relevant Share or, as the case may be, 
a Component Share in place of the relevant Component Share.

--- Page 417 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 5 – SHARE CONDITIONS 
389 
 
(c) 
Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Share on a Disrupted Day 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(e) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Calculation Agent's 
determination of Underlying Closing Levels)) shall apply. 
(d) 
Calculation Agent's discretion to determine non-material events 
If the Calculation Agent determines that it is not material that any day which would otherwise 
have been a Valuation Date is: 
(i) 
not a Scheduled Trading Day because one or more relevant Related Exchanges is not 
scheduled to be open; or 
(ii) 
a Disrupted Day for a Share solely because any relevant Related Exchange fails to open, 
then the Calculation Agent shall have the discretion to determine such day either (A) to be the 
relevant Valuation Date in respect of a Share, notwithstanding that such day is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day for such Share because one or more such Related Exchanges is not scheduled to 
be open; or (B) not to be a Disrupted Day where such day would be a Disrupted Day solely 
because any such Related Exchange fails to open. 
In determining what is "material", the Calculation Agent shall have regard to such circumstances 
as it deems appropriate, which may include (without limitation) the effect of the above on (A) 
any Underlying Closing Level or any Underlying Level (as relevant) of the affected Share; (B) 
any trading in futures contracts or options contracts on any such relevant Related Exchange; and 
(C) the Issuer's hedging arrangements in respect of the Securities.

--- Page 418 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 6 – DEPOSITARY RECEIPT CONDITIONS 
390 
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 6 – DEPOSITARY RECEIPT CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply to each Underlying classified in the applicable Issue Terms as a 
"Depositary Receipt". 
For the avoidance of doubt, defined terms used in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect 
of Securities linked to Depositary Receipts. 
1. 
Definitions 
(a) 
Definitions applicable to the Depositary Receipts 
Additional Disruption Event means any of Increased Cost of Stock Borrow and/or Loss of 
Stock Borrow, in each case, if specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Deposit Agreement means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, the agreement(s) or other 
instrument(s) constituting such Depositary Receipt, as from time to time amended or 
supplemented in accordance with their terms. 
Depositary means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, the issuer of such Depositary Receipt. 
Depositary Receipt means each Underlying classified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Depositary Receipt Condition means each condition specified in this Underlying Schedule. 
Depositary Receipt Exchange means in respect of a Depositary Receipt, each exchange or 
quotation system specified as such in respect of such Depositary Receipt in the applicable Issue 
Terms or any successor to such exchange or quotation system, or any substitute exchange or 
quotation system to which trading in such Depositary Receipt has temporarily relocated 
(PROVIDED THAT the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity 
relative to such Depositary Receipt on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system 
as on the original exchange or quotation system). 
Depositary Receipt Exchange Business Day means, in relation to a Depositary Receipt, any 
Scheduled Trading Day for such Depositary Receipt on which each Depositary Receipt 
Exchange and each Depositary Receipt Related Exchange for such Depositary Receipt are open 
for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, notwithstanding such Depositary 
Receipt Exchange or Depositary Receipt Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled 
Closing Time. 
Depositary Receipt Related Exchange means in respect of a Depositary Receipt, each 
exchange or quotation system specified as such for such Depositary Receipt in the applicable 
Issue Terms or any successor to such exchange or quotation system, or any substitute exchange 
or quotation system to which trading in futures contracts or options contracts relating to such 
Depositary Receipt has temporarily relocated (PROVIDED THAT the Calculation Agent has 
determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such futures contracts or options 
contracts relating to such Depositary Receipt on such temporary substitute exchange or 
quotation system as on the original exchange or quotation system). Where "All Exchanges" is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the applicable Depositary Receipt Related Exchange 
in respect of a Depositary Receipt, then Depositary Receipt Related Exchange means each 
exchange or quotation system where trading has a material effect (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures contracts or options contracts relating to 
such Depositary Receipt. 
Increased Cost of Stock Borrow means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, that any Hedging 
Party would incur a rate to borrow such Depositary Receipt that is greater than the Initial Stock 
Loan Rate. 
Initial Stock Loan Rate means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, the rate that any Hedging 
Party would have incurred to borrow such Depositary Receipt as of the Trade Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 419 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 6 – DEPOSITARY RECEIPT CONDITIONS 
391 
 
Loss of Stock Borrow means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, that any Hedging Party is 
unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to borrow (or to maintain a borrowing of) 
such Depositary Receipt at a rate equal to or less than the Maximum Stock Loan Rate. 
Maximum Stock Loan Rate means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, the lowest rate that any 
Hedging Party would have incurred, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to borrow such 
Depositary Receipt as of the Trade Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(b) 
Definitions applicable to the relevant Underlying Shares in respect of which the Depositary 
Receipts are issued 
Underlying Share means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, the underlying share(s) or other 
securities in respect of which such Depositary Receipt is issued. 
Underlying Share Company means, in respect of an Underlying Share, the issuer of such 
Underlying Share, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Underlying Share Exchange means in respect of an Underlying Share, each exchange or 
quotation system specified as such in respect of such Underlying Share in the applicable Issue 
Terms or any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or 
quotation system to which trading in such Underlying Share has temporarily relocated 
(PROVIDED THAT the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity 
relative to such Underlying Share on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system 
as on the original exchange or quotation system). 
Underlying Share Exchange Business Day means, in respect of an Underlying Share and 
where "Full Lookthrough" is specified as applicable in relation to the related Depositary Receipt 
in the applicable Issue Terms, any Scheduled Trading Day for such Depositary Receipt on which 
each Underlying Share Exchange and each Underlying Share Related Exchange for such 
Underlying Share, are open for trading during their respective regular trading sessions, 
notwithstanding any such Underlying Share Exchange or Underlying Share Related Exchange 
closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
Underlying Share Related Exchange means in respect of an Underlying Share, each exchange 
or quotation system specified as such for such Underlying Share in the applicable Issue Terms 
or any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation 
system to which trading in futures contracts or options contracts relating to such Underlying 
Share has temporarily relocated (PROVIDED THAT the Calculation Agent has determined that 
there is comparable liquidity relative to such futures contracts or options contracts relating to 
such Underlying Share on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the 
original exchange or quotation system). Where "All Exchanges" is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms as the applicable Underlying Share Related Exchange in respect of an Underlying 
Share, then Underlying Share Related Exchange means each exchange or quotation system 
where trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall 
market for futures contracts or options contracts relating to such Underlying Share. 
(c) 
Definitions applicable to both the Depositary Receipts and the Underlying Shares in respect of 
which the Depositary Receipts are issued 
Extraordinary Dividend means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt or an Underlying Share, a 
dividend or a distribution or a portion thereof which is determined by the Calculation Agent to 
be an extraordinary dividend relating to such Depositary Receipt or Underlying Share (as 
relevant). 
Scheduled Closing Time means: 
(i) 
in respect of a Depositary Receipt, a Scheduled Trading Day and a Depositary Receipt 
Exchange or a Depositary Receipt Related Exchange (as relevant) for such Depositary 
Receipt, the scheduled weekday closing time on such Depositary Receipt Exchange or 
Depositary Receipt Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard 
to after-hours trading or any other trading outside the hours of the regular trading session 
on such Depositary Receipt Exchange or Depositary Receipt Related Exchange; and

--- Page 420 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 6 – DEPOSITARY RECEIPT CONDITIONS 
392 
 
(ii) 
in respect of an Underlying Share, a Scheduled Trading Day and an Underlying Share 
Exchange or an Underlying Share Related Exchange (as relevant) for such Underlying 
Share, the scheduled weekday closing time on such Underlying Share Exchange or 
Underlying Share Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard to 
after-hours trading or any other trading outside the hours of the regular trading session 
on such Underlying Share Exchange or Underlying Share Related Exchange. 
Scheduled Trading Day means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, any day on which each 
Depositary Receipt Exchange and each Depositary Receipt Related Exchange in respect of such 
Depositary Receipt and, where "Full Lookthrough" is specified as applicable in relation to such 
Depositary Receipt in the applicable Issue Terms, each Underlying Share Exchange and each 
Underlying Share Related Exchange in respect of the relevant Underlying Share is scheduled to 
be open for trading for its respective regular trading session. 
2. 
Valuation 
(a) 
Closing valuations 
Underlying Closing Level means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt and a Valuation Date, the 
official closing price of such Depositary Receipt on such Valuation Date, as displayed on the 
applicable Electronic Page. 
Valuation Time means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, an Underlying Closing Level and a 
Scheduled Trading Day for such Depository Receipt, the Scheduled Closing Time on the 
relevant Depositary Receipt Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day. 
(b) 
Intraday valuations 
Underlying Level means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt and a Valuation Date, the price of 
such Depositary Receipt observed continuously during such Valuation Date, as displayed on the 
applicable Electronic Page. 
Valuation Time means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, an Underlying Level and a 
Scheduled Trading Day for such Depositary Receipt, the time at which the price of such 
Depositary Receipt is being determined during such Scheduled Trading Day. 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation 
If "Full Lookthrough" is elected in the applicable Issue Terms, then sub-paragraph (a) to sub 
paragraph (n) below (inclusive) shall apply. 
If "Partial Lookthrough" is elected in the applicable Issue Terms, then sub-paragraph (a) to sub 
paragraph (g) below (inclusive) only shall apply. 
Disrupted Day means, in relation to a Depositary Receipt, any Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Depositary Receipt on which any of the applicable events set out below occurs. 
In respect of such Depositary Receipt 
(a) 
any relevant Depositary Receipt Exchange or any relevant Depositary Receipt Related 
Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session; or 
(b) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any 
suspension of or limitation imposed (whether by reason of movements in price exceeding 
permitted limits or otherwise) on the trading on any relevant Depositary Receipt 
Exchange of the Depositary Receipt; or 
(c) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any 
suspension of or limitation imposed (whether by reason of movements in price exceeding 
permitted limits or otherwise) on the trading on any relevant Depositary Receipt Related

--- Page 421 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 6 – DEPOSITARY RECEIPT CONDITIONS 
393 
 
Exchange of futures contracts or options contracts relating to such Depositary Receipt; 
or 
(d) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any other 
event (other than an event described in sub-paragraph (f) or sub-paragraph (g) of this 
definition) which disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability 
of market participants in general (on any relevant Depositary Receipt Exchange) to effect 
transactions in or to obtain market values for such Depositary Receipt; or 
(e) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any other 
event (other than an event described in sub-paragraph (f) or sub-paragraph (g) of this 
definition) which disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability 
of market participants in general (on any relevant Depositary Receipt Related Exchange) 
to effect transactions in or to obtain markets values for any futures contracts or options 
contracts relating to such Depositary Receipt; or 
(f) 
the closure (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) on any Depositary 
Receipt Exchange Business Day of any relevant Depositary Receipt Exchange prior to 
its Scheduled Closing Time (unless such earlier closing time is announced by such 
Depositary Receipt Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier of (A) the actual 
closing time for the regular trading session on such Depositary Receipt Exchange on 
such Depositary Receipt Exchange Business Day; and (B) the deadline for the 
submission of orders to be entered into such Depositary Receipt Exchange system for 
execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such Depositary Receipt Exchange Business 
Day); or 
(g) 
the closure (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) on any Depositary 
Receipt Exchange Business Day of any Depositary Receipt Related Exchange in respect 
of futures contracts or options contracts relating to such Depositary Receipt prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time (unless such earlier closing time is announced by such 
Depositary Receipt Related Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier of (A) the 
actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Depositary Receipt Related 
Exchange on such Depositary Receipt Exchange Business Day; and (B) the deadline for 
the submission of orders to be entered into such Depositary Receipt Related Exchange 
system for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such Depositary Receipt 
Exchange Business Day); 
In respect of the relevant Underlying Shares in respect of such Depositary Receipt 
(h) 
any relevant Underlying Share Exchange or any relevant Underlying Share Related 
Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session; or 
(i) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any 
suspension of or limitation imposed (whether by reason of movements in price exceeding 
permitted limits or otherwise) on the trading on any relevant Underlying Share Exchange 
of the Underlying Share; or 
(j) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any 
suspension of or limitation imposed (whether by reason of movements in price exceeding 
permitted limits or otherwise) on the trading on any relevant Underlying Share Related 
Exchange of futures contracts or options contracts relating to such Underlying Share; or 
(k) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any other 
event (other than an event described in sub-paragraph (m) or sub-paragraph (n) of this 
definition) which disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability

--- Page 422 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 6 – DEPOSITARY RECEIPT CONDITIONS 
394 
 
of market participants in general (on any relevant Underlying Share Exchange) to effect 
transactions in or to obtain market values for such Underlying Share; or 
(l) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any other 
event (other than an event described in sub-paragraph (m) or sub-paragraph (n) of this 
definition) which disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability 
of market participants in general (on any relevant Underlying Share Related Exchange) 
to effect transactions in or to obtain markets values for any futures contracts or options 
contracts relating to such Underlying Share; or 
(m) 
the closure (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) on any Underlying 
Share Exchange Business Day of any relevant Underlying Share Exchange prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time (unless such earlier closing time is announced by such 
Underlying Share Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier of (A) the actual closing 
time for the regular trading session on such Underlying Share Exchange on such 
Underlying Share Exchange Business Day; and (B) the deadline for the submission of 
orders to be entered into such Underlying Share Exchange system for execution at the 
relevant Valuation Time on such Underlying Share Exchange Business Day); or 
(n) 
the closure (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) on any Underlying 
Share Exchange Business Day of any Underlying Share Related Exchange in respect of 
futures contracts or options contracts relating to such Underlying Share prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time (unless such earlier closing time is announced by such 
Underlying Share Related Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier of (A) the actual 
closing time for the regular trading session on such Underlying Share Related Exchange 
on such Underlying Share Exchange Business Day; and (B) the deadline for the 
submission of orders to be entered into such Underlying Share Related Exchange system 
for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such Underlying Share Exchange 
Business Day). 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
The following Additional Adjustment Events shall apply in respect of a Depositary Receipt, the 
relevant Depositary, the related Underlying Share and the relevant Underlying Share Company 
(as relevant): (i) a Corporate Action, a Delisting, an Insolvency, a Merger Event, a 
Nationalisation, a Tender Offer and an Underlying Share Event (but in each case only if the 
relevant event is specified in relation to Depositary Receipt Condition 4 (Additional Adjustment 
Events) as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) and (ii) each Additional Disruption 
Event (if any) specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(a) 
Corporate Action 
Corporate Action means: 
(i) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant Depositary Receipts and/or 
Underlying Shares, unless resulting in a Merger Event; or 
(ii) 
a free distribution or dividend of relevant Depositary Receipts and/or Underlying Shares 
to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; or 
(iii) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of relevant Depositary Receipts 
and/or Underlying Shares of (A) an additional amount of such Depositary Receipts 
and/or such Underlying Shares; or (B) other share capital or securities granting the right 
to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of the liquidation of the relevant Depositary 
or Underlying Share Company (as relevant) equally or proportionately with such 
payments to holders of such Depositary Receipts or Underlying Shares (as relevant); or 
(C) share capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or 
indirectly) by the relevant Depositary or Underlying Share Company as a result of a spin-
off or other similar transaction; or (D) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or

--- Page 423 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 6 – DEPOSITARY RECEIPT CONDITIONS 
395 
 
other assets, in any case for payment (whether in cash or otherwise) at less than their 
prevailing market price as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(iv) 
an Extraordinary Dividend; or 
(v) 
a call by a Depositary or an Underlying Share Company in respect of relevant Depositary 
Receipts and/or Underlying Shares (as relevant), in each case, which are not fully paid; 
or 
(vi) 
a repurchase by a Depositary or an Underlying Share Company or any of its subsidiaries 
of relevant Depositary Receipts or Underlying Shares (as relevant), in each case, whether 
out of profits or capital, and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, 
securities or otherwise; or 
(vii) 
in respect of a Depositary or an Underlying Share Company, an event which results in 
any shareholder rights being diluted or becoming separated from shares of common stock 
or other shares of the capital stock of such Depositary or such Underlying Share 
Company, pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against hostile 
takeovers which provides (upon the occurrence of certain events) for a distribution of 
preferred stock, warrants, debt instruments or stock rights at a price below their market 
value as determined by the Calculation Agent (PROVIDED THAT any adjustment 
effected as a result of such an event may, in the discretion of the Calculation Agent, be 
readjusted upon any redemption of such rights); or 
(viii) any other event which may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Depositary Receipts and/or 
Underlying Shares; or 
(ix) 
the making of any amendment or supplement to the terms of a relevant Deposit 
Agreement; or 
(x) 
a distribution in respect of relevant Underlying Shares to the holders of such Underlying 
Shares of property other than cash, shares or rights relating to such Underlying Shares. 
(b) 
Delisting 
Delisting means: 
(i) 
where "Full Lookthrough" is specified as applicable in relation to a Depositary Receipt 
in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of relevant Depositary Receipts and/or 
Underlying Shares, that the relevant Depositary Receipt Exchange and/or the relevant 
Underlying Share Exchange announces that, pursuant to the rules of such Depositary 
Receipt Exchange and/or such Underlying Share Exchange, such Depositary Receipts 
and/or Underlying Shares (as relevant) cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or 
publicly quoted on such Depositary Receipt Exchange and/or such Underlying Share 
Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event or a Tender Offer) and are not (or 
will not be) immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation 
system located in the same country as such Depositary Receipt Exchange and/or such 
Underlying Share Exchange (or, where such Depositary Receipt Exchange or such 
Underlying Share Exchange is located within the European Union, in any Member State) 
or another exchange or quotation system (that is deemed acceptable by the Calculation 
Agent) located in another country (that is deemed acceptable by the Calculation Agent); 
or 
(ii) 
where "Partial Lookthrough" is specified as applicable in relation to a Depositary Receipt 
in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of relevant Depositary Receipts and/or, where 
an Underlying Share Exchange is specified in respect of an Underlying Share in the 
applicable Issue Terms, such Underlying Shares, that the relevant Depositary Receipt 
Exchange and/or the relevant Underlying Share Exchange announces that, pursuant to 
the rules of such Depositary Receipt Exchange and/or such Underlying Share Exchange, 
such Depositary Receipts and/or Underlying Shares (as relevant) cease (or will cease) to 
be listed, traded or publicly quoted on such Depositary Receipt Exchange and/or such

--- Page 424 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 6 – DEPOSITARY RECEIPT CONDITIONS 
396 
 
Underlying Share Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event or a Tender Offer) 
and (A) such Depositary Receipt is not (or will not be) immediately re-listed, re-traded 
or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system located in the same country as such 
Depositary Receipt Exchange (or, where such Depositary Receipt Exchange is located 
within the European Union, in any Member State) or another exchange or quotation 
system (that is deemed acceptable by the Calculation Agent) located in another country 
(that is deemed acceptable by the Calculation Agent); or (B) such Underlying Share is 
not (or will not be) immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or 
quotation system regardless of the location of such exchange or quotation system. 
(c) 
Insolvency 
Insolvency means, in respect of a Depositary or an Underlying Share Company, that either (i) 
by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or 
winding up of or any analogous proceeding affecting the relevant Depositary or Underlying 
Share Company (as relevant), (A) all the Depositary Receipts of such Depositary and/or all the 
Underlying Shares of such Underlying Share Company are required to be transferred to an 
Insolvency Officer; or (B) holders of such Depositary Receipts or such Underlying Shares 
become legally prohibited from transferring such Depositary Receipts or Underlying Shares (as 
relevant); or (ii) an Insolvency Event occurs in respect of such Depositary or such Underlying 
Share Company. 
Insolvency Officer means an administrator, provisional liquidator, liquidator, conservator, 
receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official. 
Insolvency Event means, in respect of an entity, that such entity (i) is dissolved or has a 
resolution passed for its dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (ii) makes a general assignment or arrangement with 
or for the benefit of its creditors; (iii) (A) institutes, or has instituted against it by a Competent 
Official a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under 
any bankruptcy law, insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights or a petition 
is presented for its winding up or liquidation by it or by such Competent Official; or (B) has 
instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other 
relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditor's rights, or 
a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is 
instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in (A) above and either (x) results in 
a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an 
order for its winding-up or liquidation or (y) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, 
in each case, within 15 days of the institution or presentation thereof; or (iv) seeks or becomes 
subject to the appointment of an Insolvency Officer of all or substantially all its assets; or (v) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets (and such secured party 
maintains possession for not less than 15 days thereafter); or (vi) has a distress, execution, 
attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or 
substantially all its assets (and such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained 
within 15 days thereafter); or (vii) causes or is subject to any event which, under the applicable 
laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in (iv) to (vi) 
above. For these purposes, "Competent Official" means, in respect of an entity, a regulator, 
supervisor or other similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory 
jurisdiction over such entity in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or in the 
jurisdiction of its head office or home office. 
(d) 
Merger Event 
Merger Event means, in respect of relevant Depositary Receipts and/or any Underlying Shares, 
any: 
(i) 
reclassification or change of such Depositary Receipts or Underlying Shares which 
results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Depositary 
Receipts and/or Underlying Shares (as relevant) outstanding to another entity or person; 
or

--- Page 425 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 6 – DEPOSITARY RECEIPT CONDITIONS 
397 
 
(ii) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant 
Depositary or the relevant Underlying Share Company with or into another entity (other 
than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange in which such 
Depositary and/or Underlying Share Company is the continuing entity and which does 
not result in a reclassification or change of all such Depositary Receipts or all such 
Underlying Shares (as relevant) outstanding); or 
(iii) 
takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any 
entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding 
Depositary Receipts and/or Underlying Shares, which results in a transfer of or an 
irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Depositary Receipts or such Underlying 
Shares (other than those Depositary Receipts or Underlying Shares owned or controlled 
by such other entity or person); or 
(iv) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant 
Depositary or its subsidiaries or the relevant Underlying Share Company or its 
subsidiaries with or into another entity in which such Depositary or such Underlying 
Share Company (as relevant) is the continuing entity and which does not result in the 
reclassification or change of all such Depositary Receipts and/or all such Underlying 
Shares (as relevant) outstanding but results in the outstanding Depositary Receipts or 
Underlying Shares (as relevant) (other than those Depositary Receipts or Underlying 
Shares owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event 
collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding Depositary Receipts or 
Underlying Shares (as relevant) immediately following such event, 
in each case if the Merger Date is on or before (A) in the case of Cash Settled Securities, the 
last occurring Valuation Date or (B) in the case of Physical Delivery Securities, the Maturity 
Date. For these purposes, "Merger Date" means the closing date of a Merger Event or, where 
a closing date cannot be determined under the local law applicable to such Merger Event, such 
other date as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(e) 
Nationalisation 
Nationalisation means that all the Depositary Receipts and/or Underlying Shares or all the 
assets or substantially all the assets of such Depositary and/or such Underlying Share Company 
are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental 
agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
(f) 
Tender Offer 
Tender Offer means, in respect of a Depositary and/or an Underlying Share Company, a 
takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity 
or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having the 
right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 10 per cent. and less than 100 per 
cent. of the outstanding voting shares of such Depositary or such Underlying Share Company 
(as relevant), as determined by the Calculation Agent, based on the making of filings with 
governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent 
deems relevant. 
(g) 
Underlying Share Event 
Underlying Share Event means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, (i) written instructions are 
given at any time by the relevant Underlying Share Company to the relevant Depositary to 
withdraw or surrender the Underlying Shares; or (ii) the relevant Deposit Agreement is at any 
time terminated. 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events 
No Additional Early Redemption Event shall apply in respect of a Depositary Receipt. 
6. 
Additional Provisions

--- Page 426 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 6 – DEPOSITARY RECEIPT CONDITIONS 
398 
 
(a) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
Correction Period means, in respect of a Depositary Receipt, two Business Days. 
(b) 
Depositary Receipt Substitution 
If Depositary Receipt Substitution is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, any 
adjustment made by the Calculation Agent in response to an Adjustment Event may include a 
Depositary Receipt Substitution. 
Depositary Receipt Substitution means, in relation to an Adjustment Event, the replacement 
of a Depositary Receipt (the Affected Depositary Receipt) and/or an Underlying Share (the 
Affected Underlying Share) the subject of such Adjustment Event with a new depositary receipt 
selected by the Calculation Agent (which shall be a depositary receipt with the Same Underlying 
Share and Currency or selected by the Calculation Agent in accordance with any other criteria 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement) and/or share selected by the Calculation Agent 
(which shall be a share contained in the Reference Index or selected by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with any other criteria specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement) (the 
Depositary Receipt Substitution Criteria). Such new depositary receipt shall be deemed to be 
a Depositary Receipt in place of the Affected Depositary Receipt and/or such new share shall 
be deemed to be an Underlying Share in place of the Affected Underlying Share. 
Same Underlying Share and Currency shall mean, in respect of an Affected Depositary 
Receipt, a depositary receipt issued in respect of the same existing Underlying Share as the 
Affected Depositary Receipt and denominated in the same currency as the Affected Depositary 
Receipt. If no such replacement depositary receipt is selected or available, then the relevant 
Underlying Share shall be substituted in accordance with the Depositary Receipt Substitution 
Criteria for an Affected Underlying Share and the replacement depositary receipt shall be a 
depositary receipt issued in respect of such replacement Underlying Share. 
Reference Index shall mean, in respect of an Affected Underlying Share, the index (a) of which 
such Affected Underlying Share is a component or of which it has been a component at any time 
during the six months immediately preceding the relevant substitution; and (b) over which 
futures contracts are actively traded, as determined by the Calculation Agent. If more than one 
index satisfies the criteria in (a) and (b) above, or if no index satisfies the criteria in (a) and (b) 
above, then the Calculation Agent shall determine the Reference Index for such Affected 
Underlying Share by reference to such criteria as it deems appropriate. 
(c) 
Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Depositary Receipt on a Disrupted Day 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(e) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Calculation Agent's 
determination of Underlying Closing Levels)) shall apply. 
(d) 
Calculation Agent's discretion to determine non-material events 
If the Calculation Agent determines that it is not material that any day which would otherwise 
have been a Valuation Date is: 
(i) 
not a Scheduled Trading Day because one or more relevant Depositary Receipt Related 
Exchanges and/or, if "Full Lookthrough" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, one or more relevant Underlying Share Related Exchanges is/are not scheduled 
to be open; and/or 
(ii) 
a Disrupted Day for the relevant Depositary Receipt solely because any relevant 
Depositary Receipt Related Exchange and/or, if "Full Lookthrough" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, one or more relevant Underlying Share Related 
Exchanges fails to open, 
then the Calculation Agent shall have the discretion to determine such day either (A) to be the 
relevant Valuation Date in respect of a Depositary Receipt, notwithstanding that such day is not 
a Scheduled Trading Day for such Depositary Receipt because one or more relevant Depositary 
Receipt Related Exchanges and/or Underlying Share Related Exchanges is/are not scheduled to

--- Page 427 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 6 – DEPOSITARY RECEIPT CONDITIONS 
399 
 
be open; or (B) not to be a Disrupted Day where such day would be a Disrupted Day solely 
because any relevant Depositary Receipt Related Exchange and/or any relevant Underlying 
Share Related Exchange fails to open. 
In determining what is "material", the Calculation Agent shall have regard to such circumstances 
as it deems appropriate, which may include (without limitation) the effect of the above on (I) 
any Underlying Closing Level or the Underlying Level (as relevant) of the affected Depositary 
Receipt; (II) any trading in futures contracts or options contracts on any such relevant 
Depositary Receipt Related Exchange and/or any such relevant Underlying Share Related 
Exchange; or (III) the Issuer's hedging arrangements in respect of the Securities. 
(e) 
Manner in which an adjustment may be made in response to an Adjustment Event 
The adjustment(s) made by the Calculation Agent in response to an Adjustment Event may (but 
need not) be determined by reference to any adjustment in respect of such Adjustment Event 
made by the relevant Depositary under the relevant Deposit Agreement.

--- Page 428 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 7 – EXCHANGE-TRADED FUND (ETF) SHARE CONDITIONS 
400 
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 7 – EXCHANGE-TRADED FUND (ETF) SHARE CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply to each Underlying classified in the applicable Issue Terms as an 
"ETF Share". 
For the avoidance of doubt, defined terms used in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect 
of Securities linked to ETF Shares. 
1. 
Definitions 
Additional Disruption Event means any of Increased Cost of Stock Borrow and/or Loss of 
Stock Borrow, in each case, if specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
ETF Share means each Underlying classified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Exchange means, in respect of an ETF Share, each exchange or quotation system specified as 
such in respect of such ETF Share in the applicable Issue Terms or any successor to such 
exchange or quotation system, or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading 
in such ETF Share has temporarily relocated (PROVIDED THAT the Calculation Agent has 
determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such ETF Share on such temporary 
substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original exchange or quotation system). 
Exchange Business Day means, in respect of an ETF Share, any Scheduled Trading Day for 
such ETF Share on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange for such ETF Share is 
open for trading during its respective regular trading session, notwithstanding any such 
Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time. 
Extraordinary Dividend means, in respect of an ETF Share, a dividend or a distribution or a 
portion thereof which is determined by the Calculation Agent to be an extraordinary dividend 
relating to such ETF Share. 
Fund means, in respect of an ETF Share, the issuer of such ETF Share, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Fund Administrator means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related Fund, the fund 
administrator, manager, trustee or similar person with the primary administrative 
responsibilities for such Fund in respect of such ETF Share according to the Fund Documents 
of such Fund and such ETF Share. 
Fund Adviser means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related Fund, any person appointed 
in the role of discretionary investment manager or non-discretionary investment adviser 
(including a non-discretionary investment adviser to a discretionary investment manager or to 
another non-discretionary investment adviser) to such Fund in respect of such ETF Share, or 
any successor. 
Fund Documents means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related Fund, the constitutive and 
governing documents of such Fund in respect of such ETF Share, and the subscription 
agreements and other agreements, in each case, relating to such ETF Shares and as amended 
from time to time. 
Fund Service Provider means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related Fund, any person 
who is appointed to provide services, directly or indirectly, for such Fund in respect of such 
ETF Share, whether or not specified in the relevant Fund Documents or any successor, including 
without limitation any Fund Administrator, Fund Adviser, operator, management company, 
depositary, custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, administrator, trustee, registrar and transfer 
agent or domiciliary agent. 
Increased Cost of Stock Borrow means, in respect of an ETF Share, that any Hedging Party 
would incur a rate to borrow such ETF Share that is greater than the Initial Stock Loan Rate.

--- Page 429 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 7 – EXCHANGE-TRADED FUND (ETF) SHARE CONDITIONS 
401 
 
Initial Stock Loan Rate means, in respect of an ETF Share, the rate that any Hedging Party 
would have incurred to borrow such ETF Share as of the Trade Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
Loss of Stock Borrow means, in respect of an ETF Share, that any Hedging Party is unable, 
after using commercially reasonable efforts, to borrow (or to maintain a borrowing of) such ETF 
Share at a rate equal to or less than the Maximum Stock Loan Rate. 
Maximum Stock Loan Rate means, in respect of a ETF Share, the lowest rate that any Hedging 
Party would have incurred, after using commercially reasonable efforts, to borrow such ETF 
Share as of the Trade Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Related Exchange means, in respect of an ETF Share, each exchange or quotation system 
specified as such for such ETF Share in the applicable Issue Terms or any successor to such 
exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading 
in futures contracts or options contracts relating to such ETF Share has temporarily relocated 
(PROVIDED THAT the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity 
relative to such futures contracts or options contracts relating to such ETF Share on such 
temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original exchange or quotation 
system). Where "All Exchanges" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the applicable 
Related Exchange in respect of an ETF Share, then Related Exchange means each exchange or 
quotation system where trading has a material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) 
on the overall market for futures contracts or option contracts relating to such ETF Share. 
Scheduled Closing Time means, in respect of an ETF Share, a Scheduled Trading Day and an 
Exchange or a Related Exchange (as relevant) for such ETF Share, the scheduled weekday 
closing time on such Exchange or Related Exchange on such Scheduled Trading Day, without 
regard to after-hours trading or any other trading outside the hours of the regular trading session 
on such Exchange or Related Exchange. 
Scheduled Trading Day means, in respect of an ETF Share, any day on which each Exchange 
and each Related Exchange in respect of such ETF Share is scheduled to be open for trading for 
its respective regular trading session. 
2. 
Valuation 
(a) 
Closing valuations 
Underlying Closing Level means, in respect of an ETF Share and a Valuation Date, the official 
closing price of such ETF Share on such Valuation Date, as displayed on the applicable 
Electronic Page. 
Valuation Time means, in respect of an ETF Share, an Underlying Closing Level and a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on such 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
(b) 
Intraday valuations 
Underlying Level means, in respect of an ETF Share and a Valuation Date, the price of such 
ETF Share observed continuously during such Valuation Date, as displayed on the applicable 
Electronic Page. 
Valuation Time means, in respect of an ETF Share, an Underlying Level and a Scheduled 
Trading Day, the time at which the price of such ETF Share is being determined during such 
Scheduled Trading Day. 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation 
Disrupted Day means, in respect of an ETF Share, any Scheduled Trading Day for such ETF 
Share on which any of the events set out below occurs:

--- Page 430 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 7 – EXCHANGE-TRADED FUND (ETF) SHARE CONDITIONS 
402 
 
(a) 
any relevant Exchange or any relevant Related Exchange fails to open for trading during 
its regular trading session; or 
(b) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any 
suspension of or limitation imposed (whether by reason of movements in price exceeding 
permitted limits or otherwise) on the trading on any relevant Exchange of the ETF Share; 
or 
(c) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any 
suspension of or limitation imposed (whether by reason of movements in price exceeding 
permitted limits or otherwise) on the trading on any relevant Related Exchange of futures 
contracts or options contracts relating to such ETF Share; or 
(d) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any other 
event (other than an event described in sub-paragraph (f) or sub-paragraph (g) of this 
definition) which disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability 
of market participants in general (on any relevant Exchange) to effect transactions in or 
to obtain market values for such ETF Share; or 
(e) 
the occurrence or existence (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) at any 
time during the one hour period which ends at the relevant Valuation Time of any other 
event (other than an event described in sub-paragraph (f) or sub-paragraph (g) of this 
definition) which disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability 
of market participants in general (on any relevant Related Exchange) to effect 
transactions in or to obtain market values for any futures contracts or options contracts 
relating to such ETF Share; or 
(f) 
the closure (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) on any Exchange 
Business Day of any relevant Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time (unless such 
earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier 
of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange on such 
Exchange Business Day; and (ii) the deadline for the submission of orders to be entered 
into such Exchange for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such Exchange 
Business Day); or 
(g) 
the closure (which the Calculation Agent determines is material) on any Exchange 
Business Day of any Related Exchange in respect of futures contracts or options contracts 
relating to such ETF Share prior to its Scheduled Closing Time (unless such earlier 
closing time is announced by such Related Exchange at least one hour prior to the earlier 
of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Related Exchange on 
such Exchange Business Day; and (ii) the deadline for the submission of orders to be 
entered into such Related Exchange for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such 
Exchange Business Day). 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
The following Additional Adjustment Events shall apply in respect of an ETF Share and the 
relevant Fund: (i) a Corporate Action, a Delisting, an Insolvency, a Merger Event, a 
Nationalisation, a Tender Offer, a Fund Modification, a Strategy Breach, a Regulatory Action 
and a Cross-contamination (but in each case only if the relevant event is specified in relation to 
Exchange Trade Funded (ETF) Condition 4 (Additional Adjustment Events) as being applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms) and (ii) each Additional Disruption Event (if any) specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
(a) 
Corporate Action 
Corporate Action means:

--- Page 431 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 7 – EXCHANGE-TRADED FUND (ETF) SHARE CONDITIONS 
403 
 
(i) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant ETF Shares, unless resulting 
in a Merger Event; or 
(ii) 
a free distribution or dividend of relevant ETF Shares to existing holders by way of 
bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; or 
(iii) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of relevant ETF Shares of (A) an 
additional amount of such ETF Shares; or (B) other share capital or securities granting 
the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of the liquidation of the relevant 
Fund equally or proportionately with such payments to holders of such ETF Shares; or 
(C) share capital or other securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or 
indirectly) by the relevant Fund as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction; or 
(D) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment 
(whether in cash or otherwise) at less than their prevailing market price, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent; or 
(iv) 
an Extraordinary Dividend; or 
(v) 
a repurchase by a Fund of relevant ETF Shares, whether the consideration for such 
repurchase is cash or otherwise other than in respect of a redemption of ETF Shares 
initiated by an investor in such ETF Share that is consistent with the relevant Fund 
Documents; or 
(vi) 
any other event which may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant ETF Shares. 
(b) 
Delisting 
Delisting means, in respect of relevant ETF Shares, that the relevant Exchange announces that, 
pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, such ETF Shares cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded 
or publicly quoted on such Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event or a Tender 
Offer) and are not (or will not be) immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange 
or quotation system located in the same country as the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is 
located within the European Union, in any Member State) or another exchange or quotation 
system (that is deemed acceptable by the Calculation Agent) located in another country (that is 
deemed acceptable by the Calculation Agent). 
(c) 
Insolvency 
Insolvency means, in respect of a Fund, that either (i) by reason of the voluntary or involuntary 
liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or winding up of or any analogous proceeding 
affecting such Fund, (A) all the ETF Shares are required to be transferred to an Insolvency 
Officer; or (B) holders of such ETF Shares of such Fund become legally prohibited from 
transferring or redeeming such ETF Shares; or (ii) an Insolvency Event occurs in respect of such 
Fund or any of its Fund Service Providers. 
Insolvency Officer means an administrator, provisional liquidator, liquidator, conservator, 
receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official. 
Insolvency Event means, in respect of an entity, that such entity (i) is dissolved or has a 
resolution passed for its dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (ii) makes a general assignment or arrangement with 
or for the benefit of its creditors; (iii) (A) institutes, or has instituted against it by a Competent 
Official, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under 
any bankruptcy law, insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights or a petition 
is presented for its winding up or liquidation by it or by such Competent Official; or (B) has 
instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other 
relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditor's rights, or 
a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is 
instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in (A) above and either (x) results in 
a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or (y) the making of 
an order for its winding-up or liquidation or is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained,

--- Page 432 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 7 – EXCHANGE-TRADED FUND (ETF) SHARE CONDITIONS 
404 
 
in each case, within 15 days of the institution or presentation thereof; or (iv) seeks or becomes 
subject to the appointment of an Insolvency Officer for all or substantially all its assets; or (v) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets (and such secured party 
maintains possession for not less than 15 days thereafter); or (vi) has a distress, execution, 
attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or 
substantially all its assets (and such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained 
within 15 days thereafter); or (vii) causes or is subject to any event which, under the applicable 
laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in (iv) to (vi) 
above. For these purposes, "Competent Official" means, in respect of an entity, a regulator, 
supervisor or other similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory 
jurisdiction over such entity in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or in the 
jurisdiction of its head office or home office. 
(d) 
Merger Event 
Merger Event means, in respect of any relevant ETF Shares, any: 
(i) 
reclassification or change of such ETF Shares which results in a transfer of or an 
irrevocable commitment to transfer all such ETF Shares outstanding to another entity or 
person; or 
(ii) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant Fund 
with or into another entity (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding 
share exchange in which such Fund is the continuing entity and which does not result in 
a reclassification or change of all such ETF Shares outstanding); or 
(iii) 
takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any 
entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding ETF 
Shares of the relevant Fund, which results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment 
to transfer all such ETF Shares (other than those ETF Shares owned or controlled by 
such other entity or person); or 
(iv) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant Fund 
with or into another entity in which such Fund is the continuing entity and which does 
not result in the reclassification or change of all such ETF Shares outstanding but results 
in the outstanding ETF Shares (other than those ETF Shares owned or controlled by such 
other entity) immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 per 
cent. of the outstanding ETF Shares immediately following such event, 
in each case if the Merger Date is on or before (A) in the case of Cash Settled Securities, the 
last occurring Valuation Date or (B) in the case of Physical Delivery Securities, the Maturity 
Date. For these purposes, "Merger Date" means the closing date of a Merger Event or, where 
a closing date cannot be determined under the local law applicable to such Merger Event, such 
other date as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(e) 
Tender Offer 
Tender Offer means, in respect of a Fund, a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, 
solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person that results in such entity or person 
purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, 
greater than 10 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. of the outstanding voting shares of such 
Fund, as determined by the Calculation Agent, based on the making of filings with governmental 
or self-regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
(f) 
Nationalisation 
Nationalisation means, in respect of a Fund, that all the ETF Shares of such Fund or all the 
assets or substantially all the assets of such Fund are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise 
required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality 
thereof.

--- Page 433 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 7 – EXCHANGE-TRADED FUND (ETF) SHARE CONDITIONS 
405 
 
(g) 
Fund Modification 
Fund Modification means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related Fund, any change or 
modification of the Fund Documents of such Fund in respect of such ETF Share which could 
reasonably be expected to affect (i) the value of such ETF Share; or (ii) the rights or remedies 
of any holder of any ETF Share as compared with those rights and remedies prevailing on the 
Trade Date. 
(h) 
Strategy Breach 
Strategy Breach means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related Fund, any breach or 
violation of any strategy or investment guidelines stated in the Fund Documents of such Fund 
in respect of such ETF Share which is reasonably likely, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, to affect: (i) the value of such ETF Share; or (ii) the rights or remedies of any holder of 
any such ETF Share as compared with those rights or remedies prevailing on the Trade Date. 
(i) 
Regulatory Action 
Regulatory Action means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related Fund, (i) the cancellation, 
suspension, revocation of the registration or approval of such Fund or such ETF Share by any 
governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over such Fund or such ETF Share; (ii) 
any change in the legal, tax, accounting or regulatory treatment of such ETF Share, such Fund 
or its Fund Adviser which is reasonably likely, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, 
to have an adverse impact on the value of such ETF Share or on any investor in such ETF Share; 
or (iii) such Fund or any of its Fund Administrator or its Fund Adviser becomes subject to any 
investigation, proceeding or litigation by any relevant governmental, legal or regulatory 
authority involving the alleged violation of applicable law for any activity relating to or resulting 
from the operation of such Fund, Fund Administrator or Fund Adviser. 
(j) 
Cross-contamination 
Cross-contamination means, in respect of an ETF Share and the related Fund, the occurrence 
of a cross-contamination or other failure to segregate effectively assets between different 
classes, series or sub-funds of such Fund, and such event continues, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, for the foreseeable future. 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events 
No Additional Early Redemption Event shall apply in respect of an ETF Share. 
6. 
Additional Provisions 
(a) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
Correction Period means, in respect of an ETF Share, two Business Days. 
(b) 
ETF Share Substitution 
If ETF Share Substitution is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, any 
adjustment made by the Calculation Agent in response to an Adjustment Event may include an 
ETF Share Substitution. 
ETF Share Substitution means, in relation to an Adjustment Event, the replacement of an ETF 
Share the subject of such Adjustment Event with a new exchange-traded fund share selected by 
the Calculation Agent (which shall be an exchange-traded fund share which tracks the Related 
Index or another index having the same or substantially similar formula for and method of 
calculation as the Related Index or selected by the Calculation Agent in accordance with any 
other criteria specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement (the ETF Share Substitution 
Criteria)). Such new exchange-traded fund share shall be deemed to be an ETF Share in place 
of the ETF Share the subject of the Adjustment Event.

--- Page 434 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 7 – EXCHANGE-TRADED FUND (ETF) SHARE CONDITIONS 
406 
 
For which purposes, "Related Index" means, in respect of an ETF Share, either (a) the index 
specified for such ETF Share in the applicable Issue Terms or (b) where no index is specified 
for such ETF Share in the applicable Issue Terms, an index representing a substantially similar 
industry and sector, with reference to comparable implied volatility, forward value and liquidity 
relative to the index tracked by such ETF Share, as determined by the Calculation Agent. If 
more than one index satisfies the criteria in (b) above, then the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the Related Index for such ETF Share by reference to such criteria as it deems 
appropriate. 
(c) 
Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of an ETF Share on a Disrupted Day 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(e) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Calculation Agent's 
determination of Underlying Closing Levels)) shall apply. 
(d) 
Calculation Agent's discretion to determine non-material events 
If the Calculation Agent determines that it is not material that any day which would otherwise 
have been a Valuation Date is: 
(i) 
not a Scheduled Trading Day because one or more relevant Related Exchanges is not 
scheduled to be open; or 
(ii) 
a Disrupted Day for an ETF Share solely because any relevant Related Exchange fails to 
open, 
then the Calculation Agent shall have the discretion to determine such day either (A) to be the 
relevant Valuation Date in respect of an ETF Share, notwithstanding that such day is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day for such ETF Share because one or more such Related Exchanges is not 
scheduled to be open; or (B) not to be a Disrupted Day where such day would be a Disrupted 
Day solely because any such Related Exchange fails to open. 
In determining what is "material", the Calculation Agent shall have regard to such circumstances 
as it deems appropriate, which may include (without limitation) the effect of the above on (I) 
any Underlying Closing Level or any Underlying Level (as relevant) of the affected ETF Share; 
(II) any trading in futures contracts or options contracts on any such relevant Related Exchange; 
and (III) the Issuer's hedging arrangements in respect of the Securities.

--- Page 435 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 8 – MUTUAL FUND CONDITIONS 
407 
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 8 – MUTUAL FUND CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply to each Underlying classified in the applicable Issue Terms as a 
"Mutual Fund Interest". 
For the avoidance of doubt, defined terms used in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect 
of Securities linked to Mutual Funds. 
1. 
Definitions 
Additional Disruption Event means any of Fees or Charges Event, Fund Adviser Event, 
Holding Ratio Change, Limitation Event, NAV Trigger Event, New Information Event, Non 
Currency Redemption, Asset Trigger Event, Delisting and/or Related Agreement Termination, 
in each case, if specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Actual Interim Valuation Date means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest and the related 
Mutual Fund, a date on which such Mutual Fund (or its Fund Service Provider which generally 
determines such value) actually determines the value (however expressed) of such Mutual Fund 
Interest of such Mutual Fund or, if such Mutual Fund only reports its aggregate net asset value, 
a date on which such Mutual Fund actually determines its aggregate net asset value. 
Actual Redemption Valuation Date means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest and the related 
Mutual Fund, a date on which such Mutual Fund (or its Fund Service Provider which generally 
determines such value) would determine the value (however expressed) of a Mutual Fund 
Interest of such Mutual Fund, for the purpose of calculating the redemption proceeds to be paid 
to a Hypothetical Investor who has submitted a valid and timely redemption notice for a 
redemption of such Mutual Fund Interests. 
Asset Trigger Event means, in respect of a Mutual Fund, the aggregate net asset value of the 
Mutual Fund Interests held by the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates is more than 10 per cent. of 
the aggregate net asset value of such Mutual Fund, as determined by the Calculation Agent, at 
any time. 
Delisting means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest, that the relevant Exchange (as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms) announces that, pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, such 
Mutual Fund Interest ceases (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on such 
Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event) and is not (or will not be) immediately re-
listed, re-traded or re-quoted on an exchange or quotation system located in the same country 
as the Exchange or another exchange or quotation system (that is deemed acceptable by the 
Calculation Agent) located in another country (that is deemed acceptable by the Calculation 
Agent). 
Extraordinary Dividend means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest, a dividend or a 
distribution or portion thereof which is determined by the Calculation Agent to be an 
extraordinary dividend relating to such Mutual Fund Interest. 
Fees or Charges Event means, in respect of a Mutual Fund, the imposition of any fees or 
charges in relation to redemptions, subscriptions or transfers of relevant Mutual Fund Interests 
other than any such fee or charge in existence on the Trade Date. 
Fund Administrator means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest and the related Mutual Fund, 
the fund administrator, manager, trustee or similar person with the primary administrative 
responsibilities for such Mutual Fund in respect of such Mutual Fund Interest according to the 
Fund Documents of such Mutual Fund and such Mutual Fund Interest, or any successor 
acceptable to the Calculation Agent. 
Fund Adviser means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest and the related Mutual Fund, any 
person appointed in the role of discretionary investment manager or non-discretionary 
investment adviser (including a non-discretionary investment adviser to a discretionary 
investment manager or to another non-discretionary investment adviser) to such Mutual Fund 
in respect of such Mutual Fund Interest, or any successor acceptable to the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 436 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 8 – MUTUAL FUND CONDITIONS 
408 
 
Fund Adviser Event means, in respect of a Mutual Fund, that the Calculation Agent determines 
(a) that at any time after the Trade Date, the total value of the assets managed by the relevant 
Fund Adviser (including in relation to such Mutual Fund) is equal to or less than 100,000,000 
United States dollars (or its equivalent) or such other amount specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms (the AUM Threshold) or (b) that over any period of twelve months, the total value of the 
assets managed by the relevant Fund Adviser (including in relation to such Mutual Fund) has 
decreased by fifty per cent. (either due to redemptions or decrease in the value of such assets or 
otherwise). 
Fund Documents means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest and the related Mutual Fund, the 
constitutive and governing documents of such Mutual Fund in respect of such Mutual Fund 
Interest and the subscription agreements and other agreements, in each case, relating to such 
Mutual Fund Interests and as amended from time to time. 
Fund Service Provider means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest and the related Mutual 
Fund, any person who is appointed to provide services, directly or indirectly, for such Mutual 
Fund in respect of such Mutual Fund Interest, whether or not specified in the relevant Fund 
Documents or any successor acceptable to the Calculation Agent, including without limitation 
any Fund Administrator, Fund Adviser, operator, management company, depositary, custodian, 
sub-custodian, prime broker, administrator, trustee, registrar and transfer agent or domiciliary 
agent. 
Holding Ratio Change means, in respect of a Mutual Fund, the reduction of such Mutual Fund's 
aggregate net asset value under an amount that, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, 
has, or is likely to have, a material adverse effect on the performance or management of such 
Mutual Fund or would increase the proportion of the Mutual Fund Interests held, or likely to be 
held, by any Hedging Party, to the extent that the full redemption of the Mutual Fund Interests 
held by such Hedging Party is likely to be delayed or become subject to "gating" by such Mutual 
Fund. 
Hypothetical Investor means, in respect of a Mutual Fund, a hypothetical investor in Mutual 
Fund Interests of such Mutual Fund deemed (a) to have the benefits and obligations, as provided 
in the relevant Fund Documents, of an investor holding, as of the Trade Date, an interest in such 
Mutual Fund equal to the relevant number (determined by the Calculation Agent) of such 
Mutual Fund Interests; (b) in the case of any deemed investment in such Mutual Fund Interests, 
to have submitted a duly completed and timely notice requesting a subscription for the relevant 
number of such Mutual Fund Interests; and (c) in the case of any deemed redemption of an 
investment in such Mutual Fund Interests, to have submitted a duly completed and timely notice 
requesting a redemption of the relevant number of such Mutual Fund Interests. 
Limitation Event means, in respect of a Mutual Fund, (a) a material limitation is imposed on 
dealings in any relevant Mutual Fund Interests, (b) such Mutual Fund's dealing schedule is 
changed (including, but not limited to, a change in notice periods for redemptions or imposition 
of gating provisions), (c) subscription and/or redemption liquidity in any relevant Mutual Fund 
Interests is reduced, (d) there is a material reduction in the assets under management of such 
Mutual Fund since the Trade Date or (e) any other event occurs which restricts, in whole or in 
part (on a permanent or temporary basis), dealings of any nature with respect to any relevant 
Mutual Fund Interest (whether or not the relevant event occurs pursuant to any provisions 
permitting such Mutual Fund to restrict in any way dealings with respect to the relevant Mutual 
Fund Interest). 
Mutual Fund means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest, the issuer of such Mutual Fund 
Interest, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Mutual Fund Condition means each condition specified in this Underlying Schedule. 
Mutual Fund Interest means each mutual fund share or unit classified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
NAV Trigger Event means, in respect of a Mutual Fund, (i) if a NAV Trigger Percentage is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, that at any time after the Trade Date, the Relevant Price

--- Page 437 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 8 – MUTUAL FUND CONDITIONS 
409 
 
of the Mutual Fund as determined by the Calculation Agent on any Actual Interim Valuation 
Date or Actual Redemption Valuation Date has decreased by an amount equal to, or greater 
than, such NAV Trigger Percentage or (ii)such Mutual Fund has violated any leverage 
restriction that is applicable to, or affecting, it or its assets by operation of any law, any order or 
judgment of any court or other agency of government applicable to it or any of its assets, the 
relevant Fund Documents or any contractual restriction binding on or affecting the Mutual Fund 
or any of its assets. 
NAV Trigger Percentage means, in respect of a Mutual Fund, the percentage, if any, specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
New Information Event means, in respect of a Mutual Fund, (a) any information provided to 
the Calculation Agent by or in connection with such Mutual Fund, the relevant Fund Adviser, 
the relevant Fund Administrator or other Fund Service Provider is misleading or inaccurate in 
any respect or (b) the publication or dissemination (through any medium) of information is or 
becomes available which, if considered by itself or with information previously provided to the 
Calculation Agent, would be likely to cause a Hypothetical Investor to refrain from investing in 
or to seek to realise any investment in any relevant Mutual Fund Interests, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
Non Currency Redemption means, in respect of a Mutual Fund, any relevant Mutual Fund 
Interests are redeemed otherwise than in cash or are redeemed in a currency(ies) other than the 
currency(ies) in which as of the Trade Date (and according to the relevant Fund Documents or 
as otherwise communicated to the Calculation Agent) it is intended redemptions of the relevant 
Mutual Fund Interests shall occur. 
Related Agreement Termination means, in respect of a Mutual Fund, such Mutual Fund or 
any of its Fund Administrator or Fund Adviser or other relevant party specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms is in breach of or has terminated any existing agreement with the Issuer or any of 
its Affiliates or agents in respect of, but not limited to, retrocession, dealing fees, liquidity and 
licensing. 
Relevant Price means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest, the value of such Mutual Fund 
Interest as reported by the Fund Service Provider that generally reports such value on behalf of 
the relevant Mutual Fund to its investors or a publishing service and displayed on the applicable 
Electronic Page determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Scheduled Trading Day means, in respect of a Mutual Fund, any Scheduled Interim Valuation 
Date in respect of such Mutual Fund and/or any Scheduled Redemption Valuation Date in 
respect of such Mutual Fund, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Scheduled Interim Valuation Date means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest and the related 
Mutual Fund, any day on which such Mutual Fund (or its Fund Service Provider which generally 
determines such value) is scheduled according to the Fund Documents of such Mutual Fund in 
respect of such Mutual Fund Interest (without giving effect to any gating, deferral, suspension 
or other provisions permitting such Mutual Fund to delay or to refuse redemption of such Mutual 
Fund Interests) to determine the value (however expressed) of such Mutual Fund Interest or, if 
such Mutual Fund only reports its aggregate net asset value, the date as of which such Mutual 
Fund is scheduled to determine its aggregate net asset value. 
Scheduled Redemption Valuation Date means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest and the 
related Mutual Fund, any day on which such Mutual Fund (or its Fund Service Provider which 
generally determines such value) is scheduled according to the Fund Documents of such Mutual 
Fund in respect of such Mutual Fund Interest (without giving effect to any gating, deferral, 
suspension or other provisions permitting such Mutual Fund to delay or to refuse redemption of 
such Mutual Fund Interests) to determine the value (however expressed) of such Mutual Fund 
Interest, for the purpose of calculating the redemption proceeds to be paid to a Hypothetical 
Investor who has submitted a valid and timely redemption notice for a redemption of such 
Mutual Fund Interests (such redemption to be effected on the basis of the value determined as 
of such day).

--- Page 438 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 8 – MUTUAL FUND CONDITIONS 
410 
 
2. 
Valuation 
Underlying Closing Level means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest and a Valuation Date, 
the Relevant Price of such Mutual Fund Interest in respect of such Valuation Date either (a) 
where Same Day Publication is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, on such 
Valuation Date (and in which circumstances, where the level of such Mutual Fund Interest is 
published on a succeeding Scheduled Trading Day, the level for that Valuation Date will have 
been the level calculated for the Mutual Fund Interest for or in respect of a preceding Scheduled 
Trading Day) or (b) where Same Day Publication is not specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, for such Valuation Date (and in which circumstances the level for that Valuation 
Date may be published on a succeeding Scheduled Trading Day). 
Valuation Time and Underlying Level shall not apply to a Mutual Fund Interest. 
3. 
Disruption To Valuation 
Disrupted Day means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest and the related Mutual Fund, any 
Scheduled Trading Day for such Mutual Fund Interest on which there is: 
(i) 
in the case of Scheduled Trading Days that are specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be Scheduled Interim Valuation Dates, a failure of any Scheduled Interim Valuation 
Date to be an Actual Interim Valuation Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Scheduled Trading Days that are specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be Scheduled Redemption Valuation Dates, a failure of any Scheduled Redemption 
Valuation Date to be an Actual Redemption Valuation Date; or 
(iii) 
a failure by such Mutual Fund on or before such day to pay the full amount (whether 
expressed as a percentage or otherwise) of any fund redemption proceeds with respect to 
any Mutual Fund Interest scheduled to have been paid on or before such day according 
to the relevant Fund Documents (without giving effect to any gating, deferral, suspension 
or other provisions permitting such Mutual Fund to delay or to refuse redemption of 
Mutual Fund Interests). 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
The following Additional Adjustment Events shall apply in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest 
and the related Mutual Fund: (i) a Corporate Action, an Insolvency, a Merger Event, a 
Nationalisation, an Adviser Resignation Event, a Fund Modification, a Strategy Breach, a 
Regulatory Action, a Reporting Disruption, a Cross-contamination, and a Failure by a Fund 
Service Provider (but in each case only if the relevant event is specified in relation to Mutual 
Fund Condition 4 (Additional Adjustment Events) as being applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms) and (ii) each Additional Disruption Event (if any) specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
(a) 
Corporate Action 
Corporate Action means: 
(i) 
subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of relevant Mutual Fund Interests, unless 
resulting in Merger Event; or 
(ii) 
a free distribution or dividend of relevant Mutual Fund Interests to existing holders by 
way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; or 
(iii) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of relevant Mutual Fund Interests of 
(A) an additional amount of such Mutual Fund Interests; or (B) other share capital or 
securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of the 
liquidation of the relevant Mutual Fund equally or proportionately with such payments 
to holders of such Mutual Fund Interests; or (C) share capital or other securities of 
another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the relevant Mutual Fund as 
a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction; or (D) any other type of securities, rights

--- Page 439 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 8 – MUTUAL FUND CONDITIONS 
411 
 
or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (whether in cash or otherwise) at less 
than their prevailing market price, as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(iv) 
an Extraordinary Dividend; or 
(v) 
a repurchase by a Mutual Fund of relevant Mutual Fund Interests, whether the 
consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise other than in respect of 
a redemption of Mutual Fund Interests initiated by an investor in such Mutual Fund 
Interests that is consistent with the relevant Fund Documents; or 
(vi) 
any other event which may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Mutual Fund Interests. 
(b) 
Insolvency 
Insolvency means, in respect of a Mutual Fund, that either (i) by reason of the voluntary or 
involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or winding up of or any analogous 
proceeding affecting such Mutual Fund, (A) all the Mutual Fund Interest of such Mutual Fund 
are required to be transferred to an Insolvency Officer; or (B) holders of Mutual Fund Interests 
of such Mutual Fund become legally prohibited from transferring or redeeming such Mutual 
Fund Interests; or (ii) an Insolvency Event occurs in respect of such Mutual Fund or any of its 
Fund Service Providers. 
Insolvency Officer means an administrator, provisional liquidator, liquidator, conservator, 
receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official. 
Insolvency Event means, in respect of an entity, that such entity (i) is dissolved or has a 
resolution passed for its dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (ii) makes a general assignment or arrangement with 
or for the benefit of its creditors; (iii) (A) institutes, or has instituted against it by a Competent 
Official, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under 
any bankruptcy law, insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights or a petition 
is presented for its winding up or liquidation by it or by such Competent Official; or (B) has 
instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other 
relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditor's rights, or 
a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is 
instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in (A) above and either (x) results in 
a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or (y) the making of 
an order for its winding-up or liquidation or is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, 
in each case, within 15 days of the institution or presentation thereof; or (iv) seeks or becomes 
subject to the appointment of an Insolvency Officer for all or substantially all its assets; or (v) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets (and such secured party 
maintains possession for not less than 15 days thereafter); or (vi) has a distress, execution, 
attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or 
substantially all its assets (and such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained 
within 15 days thereafter); or (vii) causes or is subject to any event which, under the applicable 
laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in (iv) to (vi) 
above. For these purposes, "Competent Official" means, in respect of an entity, a regulator, 
supervisor or other similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory 
jurisdiction over such entity in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or in the 
jurisdiction of its head office or home office. 
(c) 
Merger Event 
Merger Event means, in respect of any relevant Mutual Fund Interest, any: 
(i) 
reclassification or change of such Mutual Fund Interest which results in a transfer of or 
an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Mutual Fund Interests outstanding to 
another entity or person; or 
(ii) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant Mutual 
Fund with or into another entity (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or

--- Page 440 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 8 – MUTUAL FUND CONDITIONS 
412 
 
binding share exchange in which such Mutual Fund is the continuing entity and which 
does not result in a reclassification or change of all such Mutual Fund Interests 
outstanding); or 
(iii) 
takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any 
entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding Mutual 
Fund Interests of the relevant Mutual Fund, which results in a transfer of or an 
irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Mutual Fund Interests (other than those 
Mutual Fund Interests owned or controlled by such other entity or person); or 
(iv) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the relevant Mutual 
Fund with or into another entity in which such Mutual Fund is the continuing entity and 
which does not result in the reclassification or change of all such Mutual Fund Interests 
outstanding but results in the outstanding Mutual Fund Interests (other than those Mutual 
Fund Interests owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately prior to such event 
collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding Mutual Fund Interests 
immediately following such event, 
in each case if the Merger Date is on or before (A) in the case of Cash Settled Securities, the 
last occurring Valuation Date or (B) in the case of Physical Delivery Securities, the Maturity 
Date. For these purposes, "Merger Date" means the closing date of a Merger Event or, where 
a closing date cannot be determined under the local law applicable to such Merger Event, such 
other date as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(d) 
Nationalisation 
Nationalisation means, in respect of a Mutual Fund, that all the Mutual Fund Interests of such 
Mutual Fund or all the assets or substantially all the assets of such Mutual Fund are nationalised, 
expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental agency, authority, 
entity or instrumentality thereof. 
(e) 
Advisor Resignation Event 
Advisor Resignation Event means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest and the related Mutual 
Fund, the resignation, termination of the appointment or replacement of the Fund Advisor in 
respect of such Mutual Fund Interest and any such Fund Advisor is not immediately replaced 
by another fund advisor acceptable to the Calculation Agent. 
(f) 
Fund Modification 
Fund Modification means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest and the related Mutual Fund, 
any change or modification of the Fund Documents of such Mutual Fund in respect of such 
Mutual Fund Interest which could reasonably be expected to affect (i) the value of such Mutual 
Fund Interest; or (ii) the rights or remedies of any holder of any Mutual Fund Interest as 
compared with those rights and remedies prevailing on the Trade Date. 
(g) 
Strategy Breach 
Strategy Breach means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest and the related Mutual Fund, any 
breach or violation of any strategy or investment guidelines stated in the Fund Documents of 
such Mutual Fund in respect of such Mutual Fund Interest which is reasonably likely, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, to affect (i) the value of such Mutual Fund Interest; or 
(ii) the rights or remedies of any holder of any such Mutual Fund Interest as compared with 
those rights or remedies prevailing on the Trade Date. 
(h) 
Regulatory Action 
Regulatory Action means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest and the related Mutual Fund, 
(i) the cancellation, suspension, revocation of the registration or approval of such Mutual Fund 
or such Mutual Fund Interest by any governmental, legal or regulatory entity with authority over 
such Mutual Fund or such Mutual Fund Interest; (ii) any change in the legal, tax, accounting or 
regulatory treatment of such Mutual Fund Interest, such Mutual Fund or its Fund Adviser which

--- Page 441 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 8 – MUTUAL FUND CONDITIONS 
413 
 
is reasonably likely, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, to have an adverse impact 
on the value of such Mutual Fund Interest or on any investor in such Mutual Fund Interest; or 
(iii) such Mutual Fund or any of its Fund Administrator or its Fund Adviser becomes subject to 
any investigation, proceeding or litigation by any relevant governmental, legal or regulatory 
authority involving the alleged violation of applicable law for any activity relating to or resulting 
from the operation of such Mutual Fund, Fund Administrator or Fund Adviser. 
(i) 
Reporting Disruption 
Reporting Disruption means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest and the related Mutual Fund, 
the occurrence of any event affecting such Mutual Fund which would make it impossible or 
impracticable to determine the value of such Mutual Fund Interest, and such event continues, in 
the determination of the Calculation Agent, for the foreseeable future. 
(j) 
Cross-contamination 
Cross-contamination means, in respect of a Mutual Fund, the occurrence of a cross-
contamination or other failure to segregate effectively assets between different classes, series or 
sub-funds of such Mutual Fund. 
(k) 
Failure by a Fund Service Provider 
Failure by a Fund Service Provider means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest and the related 
Mutual Fund, a failure by a Fund Service Provider in respect of such Mutual Fund Interest and 
such Mutual Fund to perform any of its obligations in respect of such Mutual Fund Interest and 
such Mutual Fund and such Fund Service Provider is not immediately replaced by another fund 
service provider acceptable to the Calculation Agent. 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events 
The following Additional Early Redemption Event shall apply in respect of a Mutual Fund if 
Mutual Fund Condition 5 (Additional Early Redemption Events) is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms: the Calculation Agent determines that no Monetisation can reasonably 
be effected under Mutual Fund Condition 6(d) (Adjustments following an Adjustment Event). 
6. 
Additional Provisions 
(a) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
Correction Period means, in respect of a Mutual Fund Interest, two Business Days. 
(b) 
Mutual Fund Interest Substitution 
If Mutual Fund Interest Substitution is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, any 
adjustment made by the Calculation Agent in response to an Adjustment Event may include a 
Mutual Fund Substitution. 
Mutual Fund Substitution means, in relation to an Adjustment Event, the replacement of a 
Mutual Fund Interest (the Affected Mutual Fund) the subject of such Adjustment Event with 
a new mutual fund share or unit selected by the Calculation Agent (which shall be an Equivalent 
Mutual Fund Interest or selected in accordance with any other criteria specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement) (the Mutual Fund Interest Substitution Criteria). Such new mutual fund 
share or unit shall be deemed to be a Mutual Fund Interest in place of the Affected Mutual Fund 
Interest. 
Equivalent Mutual Fund Interest means a mutual fund share or unit in a fund which is a 
mutual fund which: 
(i) 
if "Liquidity" is specified in respect of the Equivalent Mutual Fund Interest Criteria in 
the applicable Issue Terms, provides daily liquidity (subject to certain exceptions 
specified in the relevant fund documents acceptable to the Calculation Agent and 
conforming to accepted market standards) and the shares or units of which (however

--- Page 442 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 8 – MUTUAL FUND CONDITIONS 
414 
 
described in the relevant fund documents) may be subscribed or sold to or redeemed by 
the relevant fund at a value equal to the net asset value on a fund business day (however 
described in the relevant fund documents) (subject to exceptions as aforesaid) by giving 
no more than two fund business days' notice, without the imposition of any charges by 
such fund in respect of such subscription, sale or redemption;  
(ii) 
if "Similar Strategy" is specified in respect of the Equivalent Mutual Fund Interest 
Criteria in the applicable Issue Terms, which has the same or substantially similar 
strategies as the Affected Mutual Fund; and  
(iii) 
if "Same Currency" is specified in respect of the Equivalent Mutual Fund Interest Criteria 
in the applicable Issue Terms, has the same currency as the Affected Mutual Fund.  
(c) 
Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Mutual Fund Interest on a Disrupted Day 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(e) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Calculation Agent's 
determination of Underlying Closing Levels)) shall apply. 
(d) 
Adjustments following an Adjustment Event 
Any adjustment made by the Calculation Agent in response to an Adjustment Event pursuant to 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(g) (Adjustment Events) may include substitution of the 
relevant Underlying in whole or in part as specified therein and, in the event that, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, if Monetisation is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, any such substitution of the relevant Underlying cannot reasonably be 
made, may, also include Monetisation in respect of the relevant Underlying and the Calculation 
Agent may make such other adjustments to the terms of the Securities as it deems appropriate 
in relation to such Monetisation. 
For the purposes of the above, Monetisation means: 
(i) 
on a date selected by the Calculation Agent (the Affected Mutual Fund Valuation 
Date), the Calculation Agent shall value the amount of the Mutual Fund Interest affected 
by the Adjustment Event (the Affected Mutual Fund Interests) relating to a Security 
(in the case of a Note, representing a principal amount equal to the Calculation Amount) 
(such value, less except in the case of Italian Listed Certificates any costs and expenses 
of unwinding any related Hedging Positions, the Affected Mutual Fund Value); and 
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent shall adjust the formulae or method of determining any amounts 
payable in respect of the Securities to reflect the Affected Mutual Fund Value in lieu of 
the Relevant Price of the Affected Mutual Fund Interest, and shall adjust the Redemption 
Amount to include an amount in respect of interest (compounded on a daily basis) on the 
Affected Mutual Fund Value, as determined by the Calculation Agent, accrued at an 
overnight rate relating to the Specified Currency (being, in the case of Dual Currency 
Securities, the Denomination Currency) selected by the Calculation Agent during the 
period from (and including) the Affected Mutual Fund Valuation Date to (but excluding) 
the Maturity Date.

--- Page 443 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 9 – FX RATE CONDITIONS 
415 
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 9 – FX RATE CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply to each Underlying classified in the applicable Issue Terms as an 
"FX Rate". 
For the avoidance of doubt, defined terms used in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect 
of Securities linked to FX Rates or any other Securities where this Underlying Schedule is specifically 
stated to apply in the applicable Issue Terms. 
PART A 
The provisions of this Part A apply where EMTA provisions are not specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
1. 
Definitions 
Base Currency means, in respect of an Exchange Rate, the currency specified as such in respect 
of such Exchange Rate in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Currency Pair means, in respect of an Exchange Rate, the Quote Currency and the Base 
Currency specified for such Exchange Rate in the applicable Issue Terms.  
Event Currency means, in respect of an Exchange Rate, the Quote Currency and/or the Base 
Currency, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Event Currency Jurisdiction means, in respect of an Event Currency, the country for which 
such Event Currency is the lawful currency. 
Exchange Rate means the spot rate of exchange for exchange of the relevant Quote Currency 
into the relevant Base Currency (expressed as the number of units (or parts thereof) of the Quote 
Currency for which one unit of the Base Currency can be exchanged) which appears on the 
relevant Electronic Page at approximately the Valuation Time, as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
FX Rate means: 
(a) 
where "cross-rate/formula" is not specified as applicable for such FX Rate in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Exchange Rate for such FX Rate, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
where "cross-rate/formula" is specified as applicable for such FX Rate in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the "inverse of" and/or the "product of" and/or the "quotient of" (in each 
case as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) each Exchange Rate specified for such 
FX Rate in the applicable Issue Terms. 
FX Rate Condition means each condition specified in this Underlying Schedule. 
Governmental Authority means (i) any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, 
instrumentality, ministry or department thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other 
governmental authority or (ii) any other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of 
the financial markets (including the central bank), in each case in any relevant jurisdiction. 
Non-Event Currency means, in respect of an Exchange Rate and the relevant Currency Pair, 
the currency of such Currency Pair which is not the Event Currency. 
Price Materiality Percentage means, in respect of Price Materiality, the percentage specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Primary Rate means, in respect of Price Materiality, the currency exchange rate determined as 
set out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Quote Currency means, in respect of an Exchange Rate, the currency specified as such in 
respect of such Exchange Rate in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 444 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 9 – FX RATE CONDITIONS 
416 
 
Scheduled Trading Day means, in respect of an Exchange Rate, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits), or but for the occurrence 
of a Disrupted Day would have settled payments and been open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in each of the Specified Financial 
Centres specified for such FX Rate in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Secondary Rate means, in respect of Price Materiality, the currency exchange rate determined 
as set out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Specified Financial Centre(s) means the financial centre(s) specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
2. 
Valuation 
(a) 
Closing Valuations 
Underlying Closing Level means, in respect of a Valuation Date, the FX Rate for such 
Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the relevant Exchange 
Rate(s). 
(b) 
Intraday Valuations 
Underlying Level means, in respect of a Valuation Date, the FX Rate observed continuously 
during such Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the relevant 
Exchange Rate(s). 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation 
Disrupted Day means, in respect of an FX Rate and the related Exchange Rate(s), any 
Scheduled Trading Day for such FX Rate on which a Market Disruption Event occurs. 
For the purposes hereof: 
Currency Disruption Event means any of Dual Exchange Rate, General Inconvertibility, 
General Non-Transferability, Governmental Authority Default, Illiquidity, Material Change in 
Circumstances, Nationalisation, Price Materiality, Specific Inconvertibility and Specific Non-
Transferability, each such term as defined below, and any other event specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Dual Exchange Rate means, in respect of an FX Rate and as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, the split of any Exchange Rate specified for such FX Rate into dual or multiple currency 
exchange rates. 
General Inconvertibility means, in respect of an FX Rate and the related Exchange Rate(s) and 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, the occurrence of any event that generally makes it 
impossible or not reasonably practicable to convert any relevant Event Currency into the 
relevant Non-Event Currency in the relevant Event Currency Jurisdiction through customary 
legal channels. 
General Non-Transferability means, in respect of an FX Rate and the related Exchange Rate 
and as determined by the Calculation Agent, the occurrence of any event that generally makes 
it impossible or not reasonably practicable to deliver (a) any relevant Non-Event Currency from 
accounts inside the relevant Event Currency Jurisdiction to accounts outside the relevant Event 
Currency Jurisdiction or (b) any relevant Event Currency between accounts inside the relevant 
Event Currency Jurisdiction or to a party that is a non-resident of such Event Currency 
Jurisdiction. 
Governmental Authority Default means, with respect to any security or indebtedness for 
borrowed money of, or guaranteed by, any Governmental Authority, the occurrence of a default, 
event of default, or other similar condition or event (however described), as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, including, but not limited to, (A) the failure of timely payment in full of any

--- Page 445 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 9 – FX RATE CONDITIONS 
417 
 
principal, interest, or other amounts due (without giving effect to any applicable grace periods) 
in respect of any such security, indebtedness for borrowed money, or guarantee, (B) a declared 
moratorium, standstill, waiver, deferral, Repudiation, or rescheduling of any principal, interest, 
or other amounts due in respect of any such security, indebtedness for borrowed money, or 
guarantee or (C) the amendment or modification of the terms and conditions of payment of any 
principal, interest, or other amounts due in respect of any such security, indebtedness for 
borrowed money, or guarantee without the consent of all holders of such obligation. The 
determination of the existence or occurrence of any default, event of default, or other similar 
condition or event shall be made without regard to any lack or alleged lack of authority or 
capacity of such Governmental Authority to issue or enter into such security, indebtedness for 
borrowed money, or guarantee. 
Illiquidity means, in respect of an FX Rate and a Valuation Date and as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, it becomes impossible or otherwise impracticable to obtain a firm quote to 
determine the relevant rate(s) required to calculate the Underlying Closing Level or Underlying 
Level (as relevant) for any relevant amount at the relevant time on the relevant Valuation Date 
(or, if different, the day on which rates for that Valuation Date would, in the ordinary course, 
be published or announced by the relevant price source). 
Material Change in Circumstances means the occurrence of an event in an Event Currency 
Jurisdiction beyond the control of any Hedging Party which makes it impossible or not 
reasonably practicable for (i) any Hedging Party to fulfil its obligations under any Hedging 
Position and (ii) for any entity generally to fulfil obligations similar to such Hedging Party's 
obligations under any Hedging Position. 
Nationalisation means, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, any expropriation, 
confiscation, requisition, nationalisation or other action by a Governmental Authority which 
deprives any Hedging Party of all or substantially all of its assets in any Event Currency 
Jurisdiction. 
Price Materiality means the Primary Rate differs from the Secondary Rate by at least the Price 
Materiality Percentage, as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
Specific Inconvertibility means, in respect of an FX Rate and as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, the occurrence of any event that has the direct or indirect effect of hindering, limiting, 
restricting, making it impossible or not reasonably practicable for any Hedging Party to convert 
the whole, or part thereof, of any relevant amount in any relevant Event Currency into the 
relevant Non-Event Currency in the relevant Event Currency Jurisdiction (including, without 
limitation, by reason of any delays, increased costs or discriminatory rates of exchange or any 
current or future restrictions on the repatriation of any relevant Event Currency into the relevant 
Non-Event Currency) other than where such hindrance, limitation, restriction, impossibility or 
impracticality is due solely to the failure by such Hedging Party to comply with any law, rule 
or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is 
enacted after the Trade Date and it is impossible or not reasonably practicable for such Hedging 
Party, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
Specific Non-Transferability means, in respect of an FX Rate and as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, the occurrence of any event that has the direct or indirect effect of hindering, 
limiting, restricting, making it impossible or not reasonably practicable for any Hedging Party 
to deliver (a) any relevant amount in any relevant Non-Event Currency from accounts inside the 
relevant Event Currency Jurisdiction to accounts outside such Event Currency Jurisdiction or 
(b) any relevant amount in any relevant Event Currency between accounts inside the relevant 
Event Currency Jurisdiction or to a party that is a non-resident of such Event Currency 
Jurisdiction (including, without limitation, by reason of any delays, increased costs or 
discriminatory rates of exchange or any current or future restrictions on the repatriation of any 
relevant Event Currency into the relevant Non-Event Currency), other than where such 
hindrance, limitation, restriction, impossibility or impracticality is due solely to the failure by 
such Hedging Party to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental 
Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Trade Date and it is impossible 
or not reasonably practicable for such Hedging Party, due to an event beyond its control, to 
comply with such law, rule or regulation).

--- Page 446 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 9 – FX RATE CONDITIONS 
418 
 
Market Disruption Event means, in respect of an FX Rate and the related Exchange Rate(s), 
the occurrence or existence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of any Price Source 
Disruption and/or any Trading Suspension or Limitation and/or any Currency Disruption Event 
specified in respect of such FX Rate in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Price Source Disruption means, in respect of an FX Rate and a Valuation Date and as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, it becomes impossible or otherwise impracticable to 
obtain the relevant rate(s) required to calculate the Underlying Closing Level or Underlying 
Level (as relevant) on such Valuation Date (or, if different, the day on which rates for such 
Valuation Date would, in the ordinary course, be published or announced on the relevant 
Electronic Page). 
Repudiation means, in respect of a Governmental Authority Default, the relevant 
Governmental Authority disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates, or rejects, in whole or in part, or 
challenges the validity of any security, indebtedness for borrowed money, or guarantee of such 
Governmental Authority in any material respect. 
Trading Suspension or Limitation means, in respect of an FX Rate and a Valuation Date and 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, the suspension of and/or limitation of trading in the 
rate(s) required to calculate such FX Rate (which may be, without limitation, rates quoted on 
any over-the-counter or quotation-based market, whether regulated or unregulated) for such 
Valuation Date PROVIDED THAT such suspension or limitation of trading is material in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent. 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
The following Additional Adjustment Event shall apply in respect of an FX Rate if FX Rate 
Part A Condition 4 (Additional Adjustment Events) is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms: after the Trade Date and on or before any relevant payment date, a relevant country 
has lawfully eliminated, converted, redenominated, or exchanged its currency in effect on the 
Issue Date or any lawful successor currency thereto (the Successor Currency), as the case may 
be (the Original Currency), for a Successor Currency. 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events 
No Additional Early Redemption Events shall apply in respect of FX Rates. 
6. 
Additional Provisions 
(a) 
Corrections of published or announced rates 
Correction Period means, in respect of an FX Rate, five Business Days. 
(b) 
Certain Published and Displayed Sources 
If any Exchange Rate is published or announced by more than one price source (including the 
relevant Electronic Page) and the Electronic Page fails to publish or announce that currency 
exchange rate on any relevant Valuation Date (or, if different, the day on which rates for such 
Valuation Date would, in the ordinary course, be published or announced on the relevant 
Electronic Page), then the relevant Underlying Closing Level or Underlying Level (as relevant) 
for such Valuation Date may be determined as if the applicable Issue Terms had specified any 
other available price source which actually publishes or announces such currency exchange rate 
on such Valuation Date (or, if different, the day on which rates for such Valuation Date would, 
in the ordinary course, be published or announced by such price source) as the applicable 
Electronic Page. 
If any Exchange Rate comprising any applicable FX Rate is reported, sanctioned, recognised, 
published, announced, or adopted (or other similar action) by the relevant Governmental 
Authority, and such currency exchange rate ceases to exist and is replaced by a successor 
currency exchange rate that is reported, sanctioned, recognised, published, announced, or 
adopted (or other similar action) by such Governmental Authority (the Official Successor 
Rate), then the Underlying Closing Level or Underlying Level (as applicable) for the relevant

--- Page 447 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 9 – FX RATE CONDITIONS 
419 
 
Valuation Date may be determined as if the applicable Issue Terms had specified any available 
price source which publishes or announces the Official Successor Rate (including, but not 
limited to, an official publication of that Governmental Authority) on such Valuation Date (or, 
if different, the day on which rates for that Valuation Date would, in the ordinary course, be 
published or announced by the relevant price source) as the applicable Electronic Page.  
(c) 
Settlement Disruption 
If, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, payment of any amount due in respect of the 
Securities cannot be made by the Issuer in the Specified Currency on any date on which payment 
is scheduled to be made under the Securities (a Relevant Scheduled Payment Date) due to: 
(i) 
the imposition of laws or regulations by any Governmental Authority of the country for 
which the Specified Currency is the lawful currency (the Specified Currency 
Jurisdiction) which (a) require non-residents of the Specified Currency Jurisdiction to 
obtain permission from such central banking authority or other authority to obtain the 
Specified Currency, or (b) otherwise restrict a non-resident's ability to obtain the 
Specified Currency, or (c) otherwise regulate the purchase or holding of the Specified 
Currency by non-residents of the Specified Currency Jurisdiction such that costs are 
imposed in obtaining the Specified Currency which would not be imposed in the absence 
of such regulations, or (d) has the direct or indirect effect of hindering, limiting or 
restricting the transfer of the Specified Currency between non-residents of the Specified 
Currency Jurisdiction or (e) materially restricts non-residents from transferring the 
Specified Currency from the Specified Currency Jurisdiction to the country of 
incorporation of such non-resident; or 
(ii) 
any Relevant Clearing System suspending or ceasing to accept the Specified Currency 
as a settlement currency; or 
(iii) 
the Specified Currency's replacement or disuse or the Specified Currency, or any 
Successor Currency, no longer being used by the government of the Specified Currency 
Jurisdiction or for the settlement of transactions by public institutions within the 
international banking community; or  
(iv) 
the illiquidity of the Specified Currency in the relevant market; or 
(v) 
any other circumstances beyond the control of the Issuer (including but not limited to a 
natural or man-made disaster, armed conflict, act of terrorism, riot or labour disruption), 
(each a Currency Settlement Disruption Event) then the Issuer shall be entitled to satisfy its 
obligations to the Holders by either (i) delaying any such payment until after the Currency 
Settlement Disruption Event ceases to exist or (ii) making such payment in United States dollars 
(USD) (such payment converted into USD by reference to such currency exchange rate 
displayed on such price source or otherwise as the Calculation Agent shall determine) on, or as 
soon as reasonably practicable (in the opinion of the Calculation Agent) after, the Relevant 
Scheduled Payment Date. Any such delayed payment or payment in USD will not constitute a 
default and Holders shall not be entitled to further interest or any other payment in respect of 
any such delay. 
PART B 
The provisions of this Part B apply where EMTA Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
1. 
Definitions 
Calculation Agent Determination means, in respect of an FX Rate and a Valuation Date, that 
the Calculation Agent will determine the FX Rate for such Valuation Date taking into 
consideration all available information that it deems relevant. 
Disruption Event means an event that would give rise, in accordance with an applicable 
Disruption Fallback, to an alternative basis for determining the FX Rate being in respect of an

--- Page 448 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 9 – FX RATE CONDITIONS 
420 
 
FX Rate, any related First Fallback Reference Rate or any related Second Fallback Reference 
Rate, as the case may be, the occurrence or existence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
of any Price Source Disruption and/or any Price Materiality, if specified in respect of the FX 
Rate in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Disruption Fallback means each of Calculation Agent Determination, First Fallback Reference 
Price, Second Fallback Reference Price, Valuation Postponement which are specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Exchange Rate means the Reference Currency/Settlement Currency offered rate for the 
Settlement Currency expressed as the amount of the Reference Currency per one unit of the 
Settlement Currency for settlement in the Number of Settlement Business Days.  
First Fallback Reference Rate means, in respect of an FX Rate, the rate (if any) specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms, which shall be the Exchange Rate for such FX Rate as 
reported or, as the case may be, announced, by the First Fallback Rate Source on the First 
Fallback Electronic Page at approximately the First Fallback Valuation Time (or as soon 
thereafter as practicable). For which purpose: 
First Fallback Electronic Page means, in respect of the First Fallback Reference Rate, 
the Electronic Page specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
First Fallback Rate Source means, in respect of a First Fallback Reference Rate, the 
source or source(s) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms for such First Fallback 
Reference Rate which may, for the avoidance of doubt, include any methodology used 
by such source in determining the relevant rate. 
First Fallback Reference Price means, in respect of an FX Rate and a Specified 
Valuation Date, that the Calculation Agent shall determine the Underlying Closing Level 
of the relevant FX Rate for such Valuation Date using the First Fallback Reference Rate, 
unless such rate is subject to a Disruption Event, in which case the FX Rate will be 
determined in accordance with the provisions of the next applicable Disruption Fallback.  
First Fallback Valuation Time means, in respect of the First Fallback Reference Rate, 
the time specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
FX Rate means, in respect of each Underlying specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the Exchange Rate, as reported or, as the case may be, announced, by the FX Rate Source. 
FX Rate Source means, in respect of an FX Rate, the source or source(s) specified as such in 
the applicable Issue Terms for such FX Rate which may, for the avoidance of doubt, include 
any methodology used by such source in determining the relevant rate. 
Number of Settlement Business Days means, in respect of an FX Rate and the related 
Exchange Rate, the number of Reference Currency Business Days specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms.  
Price Materiality means that, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, either (a) the 
Primary Rate differs from any Secondary Rate by at the least the Price Materiality Percentage 
or (b) there are insufficient responses on the Specified Valuation Date to the relevant survey 
used in calculating the First Fallback Reference Price or, as the case may be, the Second 
Fallback Reference Price. 
Price Materiality Percentage means, in respect of an FX Rate, the percentage specified as such 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Price Source Disruption means, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, it becomes 
impossible to obtain the FX Rate, any related First Fallback Reference Rate or any related 
Second Fallback Reference Rate, as the case may be, on the Specified Valuation Date (or, if 
different the day on which rates for that Specified Valuation Date would, in the ordinary course, 
be published or announced by the relevant price source).

--- Page 449 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 9 – FX RATE CONDITIONS 
421 
 
Primary Rate means, in respect of an FX Rate, the rate specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Reference Currency Business Day means a day on which commercial banks are open (or, but 
for the occurrence of any Disruption Event, would have been open) for business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange in accordance with the market practice of the foreign exchange 
market) in (i) the or each Settlement Currency Business Centre(s) specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms (a Settlement Currency Business Day) and (ii) any of the Reference Currency 
Business Centre(s) specified in the applicable Issue Terms and, for the purposes of the definition 
of Valuation Date and the occurrence of a Disruption Event, a Reference Currency Business 
Day will include any day on which commercial banks would have been open but for the 
occurrence in the jurisdiction of the Reference Currency of a banking moratorium or other 
similar event related to any Disruption Event. 
Second Fallback Reference Rate means, in respect of an FX Rate, the rate (if any) specified 
as such in the applicable Issue Terms, which shall be the Exchange Rate as reported or, as the 
case may be, announced, by the Second Fallback Rate Source on the Second Fallback Electronic 
Page at approximately the Second Fallback Valuation Time (or as soon thereafter as 
practicable). For which purpose: 
Second Fallback Electronic Page means, in respect of the Second Fallback Reference 
Rate, the Electronic Page specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Second Fallback Rate Source means, in respect of a Second Fallback Reference Rate, 
the source or source(s) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms for such Second 
Fallback Reference Rate which may, for the avoidance of doubt, include any 
methodology used by such source in determining the relevant rate. 
Second Fallback Reference Price means, in respect of an FX Rate and a Valuation 
Date, that the Calculation Agent shall determine the Underlying Closing Level of the 
relevant FX Rate for such Valuation Date using the Second Fallback Reference Rate, 
unless such rate is subject to a Disruption Event, in which case the FX Rate will be 
determined in accordance with the provisions of the next applicable Disruption Fallback.  
Second Fallback Valuation Time means, in respect of the Second Fallback Reference Rate, 
the time specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Secondary Rate means, in respect of an FX Rate, the or each rate(s) specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Scheduled Trading Day means, in respect of an FX Rate, a Reference Currency Business Day 
PROVIDED THAT, where the Reference Currency is Brazilian real (BRL) and the Settlement 
Currency is United States dollars (USD), if the Specified Valuation Date falls on a day that, as 
at the Trade Date, is not a Settlement Currency Business Day, then such day shall be a Scheduled 
Trading Day notwithstanding that, due to not being a Settlement Currency Business Day only, 
it is not a Reference Currency Business Day. 
Unscheduled Holiday means, in respect of an FX Rate and a Specified Valuation Date, a day 
that is not a Reference Currency Business Day and, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, the market was not aware of such fact (by means of a public announcement or by 
reference to other publicly available information) until a time later than 9:00 a.m. local time in 
the principal financial centre of the Reference Currency two Reference Currency Business Days 
prior to the Specified Valuation Date. 
Valuation Postponement means, in respect of an FX Rate and a Specified Valuation Date, that 
if the relevant Disruption Event is (i) a Price Source Disruption, the Underlying Closing Level 
will be determined on the Reference Currency Business Day first succeeding the day on which 
the Price Source Disruption ceases to exist unless, subject to the provisions of FX Rate 
Condition 6(d) (Cut-off Valuation Date for cumulative events) below, the Price Source 
Disruption continues to exist (measured from the date that, but for the occurrence of the Price 
Source Disruption, would have been the Valuation Date) for the number of Maximum Days of

--- Page 450 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 9 – FX RATE CONDITIONS 
422 
 
Postponement. In such event, the FX Rate will be determined on the next Reference Currency 
Business Day after the day falling the Maximum Days of Postponement (and such date shall be 
deemed to be the Valuation Date) in accordance with the provisions set out in the next applicable 
Disruption Fallback or (ii) if the relevant Disruption Event is a Price Materiality, the FX Rate 
will be determined in accordance with the provisions set out in the next applicable Disruption 
Fallback. 
2. 
Valuation 
(a) 
Closing Valuations 
Underlying Closing Level means, in respect of a Valuation Date, the FX Rate for such 
Valuation Date as displayed on the applicable Electronic Page(s) at approximately the Valuation 
Time (or as soon thereafter as practicable) on the Valuation Date, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
(b) 
Intraday Valuations 
Underlying Level does not apply to an FX Rate to which the EMTA Provisions apply.  
(c) 
Valuation Time 
Valuation Time means, in respect of an FX Rate, the time specified for such FX Rate in the 
applicable Issue Terms.  
3. 
Disruption to Valuation 
Disrupted Day means, in respect of an FX Rate, any Scheduled Trading Day for such FX Rate 
on which a Disruption Event has occurred and is continuing.  
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
The following Additional Adjustment Event shall apply in respect of an FX Rate if FX Rate 
Part B Condition 4 (Additional Adjustment Events) is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms: any Relevant Rate which as of the Trade Date is reported, sanctioned, recognised, 
published, announced or adopted (or other similar action) by the relevant Governmental 
Authority and any such Relevant Rate ceases to exist and is replaced by a successor currency 
exchange rate that is reported, sanctioned, recognised, published, announced or adopted (or 
other similar action) by such Governmental Authority (the Official Successor Rate), then in 
which event the Relevant Rate will be determined as provided herein by reference to such 
Official Successor Rate and the price source which publishes or announces (or, but for the 
occurrence of a Disruption Event, would have published or announced) such Official Successor 
Rate (including, but not limited to, an official publication of that Governmental Authority). 
For the purposes of the above, "Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure 
government (or any agency or instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other 
governmental authority or any other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of 
financial markets (including the central bank) of the jurisdiction of the Reference Currency. 
Relevant Rate means, in respect of an FX Rate, the FX Rate, any First Fallback Reference Rate 
and any Second Fallback Reference Rate. 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events 
No Additional Early Redemption Events shall apply in respect of FX Rates. 
6. 
Additional Provisions 
(a) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
Unless Correction Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of an FX Rate in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(j) (Realisation 
Disruption) do not apply in respect of an FX Rate.

--- Page 451 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 9 – FX RATE CONDITIONS 
423 
 
(b) 
Scheduled Trading Day 
The provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(c) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Scheduled Trading Days)) do not apply in respect of an FX Rate. 
If a Specified Valuation Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for an FX Rate then the Valuation 
Date shall be the Scheduled Trading Day falling first preceding such Specified Valuation Date 
EXCEPT, in the event of the occurrence of an Unscheduled Holiday on such Specified 
Valuation Date, in which case the Valuation Date shall be the Scheduled Trading Day 
immediately succeeding such Scheduled Trading Day, subject as follows and as provided in FX 
Rate Condition 6(d) (Cut-off Valuation Date for cumulative events) below. 
If a Specified Valuation Date is postponed due to the occurrence of an Unscheduled Holiday on 
a Scheduled Trading Day as provided above and the Valuation Date has not occurred on or 
before the day falling the Maximum Days of Postponement after the Specified Valuation Date 
(any such period being a Deferral Period), then the next day after the Deferral Period that 
would have been a Scheduled Trading Day but for the occurrence of an Unscheduled Holiday, 
shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date, unless such day is a Disrupted Day for the FX Rate, 
in which case the provisions of FX Rate Condition 6(c) (Disrupted Day) below will apply.  
Where "Move In Block" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to adjustments to 
Scheduled Trading Days, then the adjustment provisions above prevail and consequently all 
references to "for all of the Underlyings" and "for any of the Underlyings" in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(c)(ii) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading Days)) shall 
be construed not to include any Underlying that is an FX Rate.  
(c) 
Disrupted Day 
The provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) and Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(e) 
(Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Calculation Agent's determination of Underlying Closing 
Levels)) do not apply in respect of an FX Rate. 
If any Specified Valuation Date(s) (if applicable, adjusted in accordance with the provisions of 
FX Rate Condition 6(b) (Scheduled Trading Day) above) is a Disrupted Day for an FX Rate, 
then, in order to determine the Underlying Closing Level of such FX Rate for such Valuation 
Date, the Underlying Closing Level shall be determined in accordance with the first applicable 
Disruption Fallback (applied in accordance with its terms) which provides the Underlying 
Closing Level of such FX Rate for such Valuation Date. 
Where the applicable Disruption Fallback is a Disruption Fallback other than Valuation 
Postponement, the relevant Specified Valuation Date shall not be adjusted in relation to such 
FX Rate, the Disruption Fallback provisions set out below shall apply thereto and the provisions 
of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days 
and Underlying Closing Levels)) shall only apply in relation to Underlying(s) other than such 
FX Rate (if any). For the avoidance of doubt, where "Move In Block" is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms in relation to adjustments to Disrupted Days, then the adjustment 
provisions above prevail and consequently all references to "for all of the Underlyings" in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d)(ii) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days 
and Underlying Closing Levels)) shall be construed not to include any Underlying that is an FX 
Rate. 
If an Underlying Closing Level of an FX Rate is to be determined on a day which is a Disrupted 
Day or is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such FX Rate, then the next applicable Disruption 
Fallback will apply. 
(d) 
Cut-off Valuation Date for cumulative events 
Notwithstanding the cut-off provisions set out in the definition of Valuation Postponement and 
in FX Rate Condition 6(c) (Disrupted Day) above, in no event shall the total number of 
consecutive calendar days during which either (i) valuation is deferred due to an Unscheduled

--- Page 452 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 9 – FX RATE CONDITIONS 
424 
 
Holiday or (ii) a Valuation Postponement shall occur (or any combination of (i) and (ii)), exceed 
the Maximum Days of Postponement in the aggregate.  
Accordingly, (x) if upon the lapse of the Maximum Days of Postponement in the aggregate, an 
Unscheduled Holiday shall have occurred or be continuing on the day following the Maximum 
Days of Postponement, then such day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date and (y) if, upon 
the lapse of the Maximum Days of Postponement in the aggregate, a Price Source Disruption 
shall have occurred or be continuing on the day following the Maximum Days of Postponement, 
such date shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date and the relevant FX Rate shall be determined 
in accordance with the next Disruption Fallback. 
The Cut-off Valuation Date provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2 
(Underlying Valuation Provisions) do not apply to an Underlying that is an FX Rate and, 
accordingly, pursuant to the above provisions, a scheduled date for payment of any amount or, 
as the case may be, delivery of any assets in respect of the Securities will be deferred, if later, 
until the Number of Settlement Business Days following the Valuation Date and such Cut-off 
Valuation Date provisions shall only apply to any Underlying other than an FX Rate (save as 
otherwise provided in the relevant Underlying Schedule applicable to any such Underlying). 
(e) 
Settlement Disruption 
Where Settlement Disruption is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and if, in 
the opinion of the Calculation Agent, payment of any amount due in respect of the Securities 
cannot be made by the Issuer in the Specified Currency on any date on which payment is 
scheduled to be made under the Securities (a Relevant Scheduled Payment Date) due to: 
(i) 
the imposition of laws or regulations by any Governmental Authority of the country for 
which the Specified Currency is the lawful currency (the Specified Currency 
Jurisdiction) which (a) require non-residents of the Specified Currency Jurisdiction to 
obtain permission from such central banking authority or other authority to obtain the 
Specified Currency, or (b) otherwise restrict a non-resident's ability to obtain the 
Specified Currency, or (c) otherwise regulate the purchase or holding of the Specified 
Currency by non-residents of the Specified Currency Jurisdiction such that costs are 
imposed in obtaining the Specified Currency which would not be imposed in the absence 
of such regulations, or (d) has the direct or indirect effect of hindering, limiting or 
restricting the transfer of the Specified Currency between non-residents of the Specified 
Currency Jurisdiction or (e) materially restricts non-residents from transferring the 
Specified Currency from the Specified Currency Jurisdiction to the country of 
incorporation of such non-resident; or 
(ii) 
any Relevant Clearing System suspending or ceasing to accept the Specified Currency 
as a settlement currency; or 
(iii) 
the Specified Currency's replacement or disuse or the Specified Currency, or any 
Successor Currency, no longer being used by the government of the Specified Currency 
Jurisdiction or for the settlement of transactions by public institutions within the 
international banking community; or  
(iv) 
the illiquidity of the Specified Currency in the relevant market; or 
(v) 
any other circumstances beyond the control of the Issuer (including but not limited to a 
natural or man-made disaster, armed conflict, act of terrorism, riot or labour disruption), 
(each a Currency Settlement Disruption Event) then the Issuer shall be entitled to satisfy its 
obligations to the Holders by either (i) delaying any such payment until after the Currency 
Settlement Disruption Event ceases to exist or (ii) making such payment in United States dollars 
(USD) (such payment converted into USD by reference to such currency exchange rate 
displayed on such price source or otherwise as the Calculation Agent shall determine) on, or as 
soon as reasonably practicable (in the opinion of the Calculation Agent) after, the Relevant 
Scheduled Payment Date. Any such delayed payment or payment in USD will not constitute a

--- Page 453 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 9 – FX RATE CONDITIONS 
425 
 
default and Holders shall not be entitled to further interest or any other payment in respect of 
any such delay.

--- Page 454 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 10 – WARRANT CONDITIONS 
426 
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 10 – WARRANT CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply to each Underlying classified in the applicable Issue Terms as a 
"Warrant". 
For the avoidance of doubt, defined terms used in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect 
of Securities linked to Warrants. 
1. 
Definitions 
Scheduled Trading Day means, in respect of a Warrant, a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing 
in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London. 
Warrant means each Underlying classified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Warrant Condition means each condition specified in this Underlying Schedule. 
Warrant Termination Event means, in respect of a Warrant, the cancellation or termination 
of such Warrant for any reason other than (i) by reason of its scheduled exercise by a holder 
thereof or (ii) its automatic exercise pursuant to its terms. 
2. 
Valuation 
Underlying Closing Level means, in respect of a Warrant and a Valuation Date, the value of 
such Warrant on such Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent and displayed on 
the applicable Electronic Page.  
Valuation Time and Underlying Level shall not apply to a Warrant. 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation 
Disrupted Day shall not apply to a Warrant and the provisions of Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 2(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing 
Levels)) shall not apply. 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
No Additional Adjustment Events shall apply in respect of a Warrant and the provisions of 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(g) (Adjustment Events) shall not apply. 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events 
The following Additional Early Redemption Event shall apply in respect of a Warrant if Warrant 
Condition 5 (Additional Early Redemption Events) is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms: a Warrant Termination Event. 
6. 
Additional Provisions 
(a) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
The provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(l) (Correction of published or 
announced prices or levels) shall not apply in respect of a Warrant. 
(b) 
Early Redemption Event 
If, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, any Early Redemption Event occurs in respect 
of a Warrant, then, for the purposes of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(h) (Early 
Redemption Events), the Early Redemption Amount shall be an amount per Security (in the case 
of a Note, representing a principal amount equal to the Calculation Amount) as specified in the 
Valuation and Settlement Schedule or the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 455 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 11 – PROPRIETARY INDEX CONDITIONS 
427 
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 11 – PROPRIETARY INDEX CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply to each Underlying classified in the applicable Issue Terms as a 
"Proprietary Index". 
For the avoidance of doubt, defined terms used in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect 
of Securities linked to Proprietary Indices.  
1. 
Definitions 
Component means, in respect of a Proprietary Index, each component index, security, 
commodity or other asset included in such Proprietary Index. 
Index Conditions means, in respect of a Proprietary Index, the terms and conditions of the 
relevant Proprietary Index from time to time, as published by the relevant Index Sponsor. 
Index Sponsor means, in respect of a Proprietary Index, the corporation or other entity which 
(a) is responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and methods of calculations 
and adjustments, if any, related to such Proprietary Index; and (b) calculates and publishes 
(directly or through an agent) the level of such Proprietary Index on a regular basis.  If specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, the Index Sponsor will be the Index Administrator (as defined in 
the relevant Index Conditions) notwithstanding that another entity is specified as the Index 
Sponsor in such Index Conditions. 
Proprietary Index means each Underlying classified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Proprietary Index Condition means each condition specified in this Underlying Schedule. 
Scheduled Trading Day means, in respect of a Proprietary Index and unless otherwise specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, a day in respect of which the level of the Proprietary Index is 
scheduled to be calculated, however described in the relevant Index Conditions and as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Successor Index shall have the meaning given to it in Proprietary Index Condition 4 (Additional 
Adjustment Events). 
Tax Disruption means, in respect of a Component, the imposition of, change in or removal of 
a Relevant Tax by any relevant government or taxing authority after the Trade Date, if the direct 
effect of such imposition, change or removal is to increase or decrease the level of the 
Proprietary Index on a day which would otherwise be a Valuation Date from what it would have 
been without such imposition, change or removal. For these purposes, "Relevant Tax" means, 
in respect of a Component or other asset relating to such Component, any excise, severance, 
sales, use, value-added, transfer, stamp, documentary, recording or other similar tax on, or 
measured by reference to, such Component or other asset (other than a tax on, or measured by 
reference to, overall gross or net income). 
2. 
Valuation 
(a) 
Closing valuations 
Underlying Closing Level means, in respect of a Proprietary Index and a Valuation Date, the 
level of such Proprietary Index as published on the applicable Electronic Page in respect of such 
Valuation Date (irrespective of the time and date on which such level is so published). 
(b) 
Intraday valuations 
Underlying Level means, in respect of a Proprietary Index and a Valuation Date, the level of 
such Proprietary Index observed continuously during such Valuation Date, as displayed on the 
applicable Electronic Page.

--- Page 456 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 11 – PROPRIETARY INDEX CONDITIONS 
428 
 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation 
Disrupted Day means, in respect of a Proprietary Index, any Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Proprietary Index in respect of which the relevant Index Sponsor fails to publish the level of 
such Proprietary Index. 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
The following Additional Adjustment Events shall apply in respect of a Proprietary Index: 
(a) 
if Proprietary Index Condition 4(a) (Additional Adjustment Events) is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms such Proprietary Index is either (i) not calculated 
and announced by or on behalf of the relevant Index Sponsor but instead is calculated 
and announced by or on behalf of a successor to such relevant Index Sponsor acceptable 
to the Calculation Agent; or (ii) replaced by a successor index using, in the determination 
of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula for and method of 
calculation as used in the calculation of such Proprietary Index (such index, the 
Successor Index, which will be deemed to be such Proprietary Index); and 
(b) 
if "Tax Disruption" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Calculation Agent determines that (i) a Tax Disruption has occurred or exists; and (ii) 
such Tax Disruption is material. 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events 
The following Additional Early Redemption Event shall apply in respect of a Proprietary Index: 
the Calculation Agent determines that no calculation, adjustment or substitution can reasonably 
be made under Proprietary Index Condition 6(b) (Modification, disruption or cancellation of a 
Proprietary Index and Proprietary Index Substitution). 
6. 
Additional Provisions 
(a) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
Correction Period means, in respect of a Proprietary Index, 30 calendar days. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if pursuant to the provisions of Proprietary Index Condition 6(c) 
(Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Proprietary Index on a Disrupted Day), 
the level of a Proprietary Index published in respect of a Valuation Date is disregarded by the 
Calculation Agent, any correction of the level of the relevant Proprietary Index which has been 
disregarded shall also be disregarded. 
(b) 
Modification, disruption or cancellation of a Proprietary Index and Proprietary Index 
Substitution 
(A) 
Proprietary Index Adjustment Events 
If Proprietary Index Condition 6(b)(A) (Proprietary Index Adjustment Events) is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of a Proprietary Index, 
(i) on or prior to any Valuation Date, the relevant Index Sponsor announces that it will 
make a material change in the formula for or the method of calculating the level of such 
Proprietary Index or in any other way materially modifies such Proprietary Index (other 
than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain such Proprietary 
Index in the event of changes in relevant Components and other routine events) (a 
Proprietary Index Modification); or (ii) on or prior to any Valuation Date, the relevant 
Index Sponsor at any time permanently cancels such Proprietary Index and no Successor 
Index (as defined in Proprietary Index Condition 4 (Additional Adjustment Events)) 
exists (a Proprietary Index Cancellation); or (iii) on or prior to any Valuation Date the 
relevant Index Sponsor or any person or entity on its behalf fails to calculate and 
announce such Proprietary Index (a Proprietary Index Disruption, and together with a 
Proprietary Index Modification and a Proprietary Index Cancellation, a Proprietary 
Index Adjustment Event), then the Calculation Agent shall determine if such

--- Page 457 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 11 – PROPRIETARY INDEX CONDITIONS 
429 
 
Proprietary Index Adjustment Event has a material effect on the Securities, and if so, 
shall either: 
(i) 
calculate the relevant level of such Proprietary Index in respect of the relevant 
time on such Valuation Date using, in lieu of a published level for such 
Proprietary Index, the level of such Proprietary Index in respect of the relevant 
time on such Valuation Date as determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the formula for and the method of calculating the level of such 
Proprietary Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of such Proprietary Index 
Adjustment Event but using only those Components which comprised such 
Proprietary Index immediately prior to the occurrence of such Proprietary Index 
Adjustment Event and, for which purpose, any determination of the value of any 
Component shall be made by reference to such source(s) as the Calculation Agent 
determines appropriate; and/or 
(ii) 
substitute such Proprietary Index as provided in Proprietary Index Condition 
6(b)(B) (Proprietary Index Substitution), if Proprietary Index Substitution is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, and make such adjustments 
(if any) to the Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms as it deems 
necessary or appropriate in relation to such substitution; and/or 
(iii) 
make such adjustments to the Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Issue 
Terms as the Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate to account 
for the effect of such Proprietary Index Adjustment Event and determine the 
effective date of each such adjustment. 
If no calculation, substitution and/or adjustment can reasonably be made pursuant to the 
above, the provisions of Proprietary Index Condition 5 (Additional Early Redemption 
Events) shall apply. 
(B) 
Proprietary Index Substitution 
If Proprietary Index Substitution is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
any substitution made by the Calculation Agent pursuant to Proprietary Index Condition 
6(b)(A)(ii) (Proprietary Index Adjustment Events) shall be, and any adjustment made by 
the Calculation Agent in response to an Adjustment Event may include, a Proprietary 
Index Substitution. 
Proprietary Index Substitution means, in relation to a Proprietary Index Adjustment 
Event or an Adjustment Event, the replacement of a Proprietary Index the subject of such 
Proprietary Index Adjustment Event or Adjustment Event, as the case may be, with a 
new index selected by the Calculation Agent (which shall be a replacement index using, 
in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula 
and method of calculation as used in the calculation of the level of such Proprietary Index 
or, in the case of Exempt Securities only, a replacement index selected by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with any other criteria specified in the applicable Issue Terms). 
Such new index shall be deemed to be a Proprietary Index in place of the Proprietary 
Index the subject of the Proprietary Index Adjustment Event or the Adjustment Event, 
as the case may be. 
(c) 
Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Proprietary Index on a Disrupted Day 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(e) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Calculation Agent's 
determination of Underlying Closing Levels)) applies. 
(d) 
Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Proprietary Index on a Component 
Disrupted Day 
This Proprietary Index Condition 6(d) (Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a 
Proprietary Index on a Component Disrupted Day) shall only apply where "Component 
Valuation" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 458 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 11 – PROPRIETARY INDEX CONDITIONS 
430 
 
Where Component Valuation is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, if a 
Valuation Date for a Proprietary Index (i) is not a Component Scheduled Trading Day or (ii) is 
a Component Disrupted Day, in either case, in respect of one or more of the Components of 
such Proprietary Index (each such Component, an Affected Component and each such date an 
Affected Valuation Date), then any level of the Proprietary Index published in respect of such 
Valuation Date may be disregarded by the Calculation Agent and the Underlying Closing Level 
for such Valuation Date may be determined by the Calculation Agent as the level of such 
Proprietary Index in respect of such Valuation Date determined in accordance with the then-
current methodology for calculating the level of the Proprietary Index, but using: 
(i) 
with respect to each Component which is not an Affected Component, the price, level or 
value of each such Component at the relevant time on the relevant Affected Valuation 
Date; and 
(ii) 
with respect to each Affected Component, the price, level or value for each such Affected 
Component at the relevant time on the earlier of (i) the first succeeding Component 
Scheduled Trading Day for such Affected Component immediately following the 
relevant Affected Valuation Date that is not a Component Disrupted Day for such 
Affected Component and (ii) the Component Scheduled Trading Day which is the 
Component Valuation Roll number of Component Scheduled Trading Days for such 
Component immediately following the relevant Affected Valuation Date,  
PROVIDED THAT if, pursuant to the above, the relevant Valuation Date for any 
Component determined as provided above would otherwise fall on a day falling after the 
second Component Scheduled Trading Day prior to the date on which a relevant payment 
is scheduled to be made under the Securities (the Component Cut-off Date), such 
Valuation Date for such Affected Component shall be deemed to be the Component Cut-
off Date (notwithstanding that such date either (A) is not a Component Scheduled 
Trading Day for such Component or (B) is a Component Disrupted Day for such 
Component) and the provisions of paragraph (iii) below shall apply; 
(iii) 
if the Valuation Date for any Component (as determined in accordance with paragraph 
(ii) above) is a Component Disrupted Day for such Component or is determined to occur 
on the Component Cut-off Date (as provided in paragraph (ii) above), then the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the price, level or value of the relevant Component in 
the manner (as specified in the relevant Index Conditions) in which the price, level or 
value of such disrupted Component would be determined on a date which is a Component 
Disrupted Day for such Component (for the avoidance of doubt, without regard to any 
valuation roll). 
For the purposes hereof: 
Component Disrupted Day means, in respect of a Component and unless otherwise specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, a day on which the price, level or value of such Component and/or 
any sub-component of such Component and/or any related futures contracts, options contracts 
or securities (each a Relevant Component) is not published (or publication is delayed) and/or 
cannot be determined and/or is otherwise disrupted (including, without limitation, by way of a 
suspension, limitation and/or disruption of trading in the Relevant Component and/or the failure 
to open or the early closure of any relevant exchange), however described in the relevant Index 
Conditions and as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
Component Scheduled Trading Day means, in respect of a Component and unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, a day on or in respect of which the price, level or value 
of such Component is scheduled to be determined, however described in the relevant Index 
Conditions and as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
Component Valuation Roll means the number specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
or, if no number is so specified, eight.

--- Page 459 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 12 – DIVIDEND FUTURES CONTRACT CONDITIONS 
431 
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 12 – DIVIDEND FUTURES CONTRACT CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply to each Underlying classified in the applicable Issue Terms as a 
"Dividend Futures Contract". 
For the avoidance of doubt, defined terms used in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect 
of Securities linked to Dividend Futures Contracts. 
1. 
Definitions 
Dividend Futures Contract means each Underlying classified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Dividend Futures Contract Condition means each condition specified in this Underlying 
Schedule. 
Dividend Futures Contract Sponsor means, in respect of a Dividend Futures Contract, the 
corporation or other entity which (a) is responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and 
procedures and methods of calculations and adjustments, if any, related to such Dividend 
Futures Contract; and (b) announces (directly or through an agent) the price of such Dividend 
Futures Contract on a regular basis.  
Exchange means, in respect of a Dividend Futures Contract, the exchange or principal trading 
facility specified for such Dividend Futures Contract in the applicable Issue Terms or any 
successor to such exchange or principal trading facility.  
Expiry Date means, in respect of a Dividend Futures Contract and a Valuation Date, where the 
Relevant Price for such Valuation Date is specified to be the "final settlement price" of such 
Dividend Futures Contract in the applicable Issue Terms, the expiry date of such Dividend 
Futures Contract on which the "final settlement price" of such Dividend Futures Contract is 
expected to be announced by the Dividend Futures Contract Sponsor and published on the 
Exchange) or, if such "final settlement price" is not so announced and published but, on or prior 
to such originally designated expiry date, the relevant Dividend Futures Contract Sponsor has 
announced arrangements for the publication of such "final settlement price" on another date, 
such other date. 
Relevant Price means in respect of a Dividend Futures Contract and a Valuation Date, the 
"daily settlement price" or the "final settlement price", in each case, however defined in the 
contract specifications of such Dividend Futures Contract or the relevant Exchange, as the case 
may be. 
Scheduled Trading Day means, in respect of a Dividend Futures Contract, any day on which 
the relevant Exchange is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading session 
notwithstanding such Exchange closing prior to its scheduled closing time. 
2. 
Valuation 
Underlying Closing Level means, in respect of a Dividend Futures Contract and a Valuation 
Date, the Relevant Price for the relevant Valuation Date as displayed on the relevant Electronic 
Page or, if such Relevant Price is not displayed on the relevant Electronic Page on the relevant 
Valuation Date, the Relevant Price of such Dividend Futures Contract for such Valuation Date 
as published by the relevant Exchange. 
Valuation Time means, in respect of an Underlying Closing Level and a Dividend Futures 
Contract, the time at which the relevant price referred to for the purpose of such Underlying 
Closing Level of such Dividend Futures Contract for such day is calculated and published by 
the relevant Dividend Futures Contract Sponsor. 
Underlying Level shall not apply to a Dividend Futures Contract.

--- Page 460 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 12 – DIVIDEND FUTURES CONTRACT CONDITIONS 
432 
 
3. 
Disruption To Valuation 
Disrupted Day means, in respect of a Dividend Futures Contract, any Scheduled Trading Day 
for such Dividend Futures Contract on which: 
(i) 
the relevant Dividend Futures Contract Sponsor fails to announce the Relevant Price; 
(ii) 
the relevant Electronic Page and the relevant Exchange each fail to publish the Relevant 
Price of the Dividend Futures Contract (or other data from which such Relevant Price is 
calculated); 
(iii) 
the relevant Electronic Page is temporarily or permanently discontinued or unavailable; 
(iv) 
the relevant Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session; or 
(v) 
there is a suspension of or limitation on trading in such Dividend Futures Contract on the 
relevant Exchange (which, in either case, the Calculation Agent determines is material). 
The definition of Disrupted Day and the provisions relating to Disrupted Days in the Valuation 
and Settlement Schedule will not apply in respect of a Dividend Futures Contract and a 
Valuation Date if the Relevant Price for such Valuation Date is specified to be the "final 
settlement price" of such Dividend Futures Contract in the applicable Issue Terms and the 
Conditions shall be construed accordingly. 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
The following Additional Adjustment Event shall apply in respect of a Dividend Futures 
Contract if Dividend Futures Contract Condition 4 (Additional Adjustment Events) is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms: such Dividend Futures Contract is either (a) not 
calculated and announced by or on behalf of the relevant Dividend Futures Contract Sponsor 
but instead is calculated and announced by or on behalf of a successor to such relevant Dividend 
Futures Contract Sponsor acceptable to the Calculation Agent; or (b) replaced, as relevant, by a 
successor dividend futures contract using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the 
same or a substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as used in the calculation 
of such Dividend Futures Contract (such dividend futures contract, the Successor Dividend 
Futures Contract, which will be deemed to be such Dividend Futures Contract). 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events 
The following Additional Early Redemption Event shall apply in respect of a Dividend Futures 
Contract if Dividend Futures Contract Condition 5 (Additional Early Redemption Events) is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms: the Calculation Agent determines that no 
calculation, adjustment or substitution can reasonably be made under Dividend Futures Contract 
Condition 6(b) (Modification, cancellation or disruption of a Dividend Futures Contract and 
Dividend Futures Contract Substitution). 
6. 
Additional Provisions 
(a) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
Correction Period means, in respect of a Dividend Futures Contract, two Business Days. 
(b) 
Modification, cancellation or disruption of a Dividend Futures Contract and Dividend Futures 
Contract Substitution 
(A) 
Dividend Futures Contract Adjustment Event 
If Dividend Futures Contract Condition 6(b)(A) (Dividend Futures Contract Adjustment 
Event) is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of a Dividend 
Futures Contract, (i) on or prior to any Valuation Date, the relevant Exchange and/or 
Dividend Futures Contract Sponsor, as the case may be, announces that it will make a 
material change in the formula for or the method of calculating any price of such

--- Page 461 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 12 – DIVIDEND FUTURES CONTRACT CONDITIONS 
433 
 
Dividend Futures Contract or in any other way materially modifies such Dividend 
Futures Contract, including any material change in the content, composition or 
constitution of such Dividend Futures Contract (a Dividend Futures Contract 
Modification); or (ii) on or prior to any Valuation Date, the relevant Exchange and/or 
Dividend Futures Contract Sponsor, as the case may be, at any time permanently cancels 
or discontinues such Dividend Futures Contract or there is otherwise a permanent 
discontinuation in trading or trading never commences in such Dividend Futures 
Contract and, in each such case, no Successor Dividend Futures Contract exists (a 
Dividend Futures Contract Cancellation); or (iii) on any Valuation Date for which the 
Relevant Price is specified to be the "final settlement price" in the applicable Issue 
Terms, such Relevant Price is not displayed or published on the relevant Electronic Page 
or by the Exchange, as the case may be, at the relevant Valuation Time (a Dividend 
Futures Contract Disruption, and together with a Dividend Futures Contract 
Modification and a Dividend Futures Contract Cancellation, a Dividend Futures 
Contract Adjustment Event), then the Calculation Agent shall determine if such 
Dividend Futures Contract Adjustment Event has a material effect on the Securities and, 
if so, shall either: 
(i) 
calculate the relevant price of such Dividend Futures Contract at or for the 
relevant Valuation Time on such Valuation Date using, in lieu of the published 
Relevant Price for such Dividend Futures Contract, a price for such Dividend 
Futures Contract at or for the relevant Valuation Time on such Valuation Date as 
determined by the Calculation Agent by calculating the value of the relevant 
dividends for the applicable contract period for such Dividend Futures Contract 
by reference to the formula for and the method of calculation last in effect of any 
related dividend point index or such other sources as it deems appropriate; 
(ii) 
make such adjustments to the Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms as the 
Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate to account for the effect 
of such Dividend Futures Contract Adjustment Event and determine the effective 
date of each such adjustment; and/or 
(iii) 
substitute such Dividend Futures Contract as provided in Dividend Futures 
Contract Condition 6(b)(B) (Dividend Futures Contract Substitution) and make 
such adjustments (if any) to the Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms to 
as it deems necessary or appropriate in relation to such substitution. 
If no calculation, adjustment and/or substitution can reasonably be made pursuant to the 
above, the provisions of Dividend Futures Contract Condition 5 (Additional Early 
Redemption Events) shall apply. 
(B) 
Dividend Futures Contract Substitution 
If Dividend Futures Contract Substitution is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms any adjustment made by the Calculation Agent pursuant to Dividend Futures 
Contract Condition 6(b)(A)(iii) (Dividend Futures Contract Adjustment Event) shall be, 
and any adjustment made by the Calculation Agent in response to an Adjustment Event 
may include, a Dividend Futures Contract Substitution. 
Dividend Futures Contract Substitution means, in relation to a Dividend Futures Contract 
Adjustment Event or an Adjustment Event, the replacement of the Dividend Futures Contract 
the subject of such Dividend Futures Contract Adjustment Event or Adjustment Event, as the 
case may be, with a new dividend futures contract selected by the Calculation Agent (which 
shall be a replacement dividend futures contract using, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, the same or a substantially similar formula and method of calculation as used in the 
calculation of the Dividend Futures Contract or a replacement dividend futures contract selected 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with any other criteria specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement). Such new dividend futures contract shall be deemed to be a Dividend Futures 
Contract in place of the Dividend Futures Contract the subject of the Dividend Futures Contract 
Adjustment Event or Adjustment Event, as the case may be.

--- Page 462 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 12 – DIVIDEND FUTURES CONTRACT CONDITIONS 
434 
 
(c) 
Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Dividend Futures Contract on a Disrupted 
Day or on the Cut-off Valuation Date 
(A) 
Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Dividend Futures Contract on a 
Disrupted Day 
Where the Relevant Price for a Valuation Date is not specified to be the "final settlement 
price" in the applicable Issue Terms, Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(e) 
(Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Calculation Agent's determination of Underlying 
Closing Levels)) applies. 
(B) 
Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Dividend Futures Contract on the 
Cut-off Valuation Date 
If the Relevant Price for a Valuation Date is specified to be the "final settlement price" 
in the applicable Issue Terms and, in accordance with the provisions of the Valuation 
and Settlement Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms, the relevant Valuation Date 
would otherwise fall on a day falling after the second Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Dividend Futures Contract prior to the date on which a relevant payment is scheduled to 
be made under the Securities (the Cut-off Valuation Date), such Valuation Date shall 
be deemed to be the Cut-off Valuation Date and the Calculation Agent shall determine 
the Underlying Closing Level of the Dividend Futures Contract for such Valuation Date 
by calculating the value of the relevant dividends for the applicable contract period for 
such Dividend Futures Contract by reference to the formula for and the method of 
calculation last in effect of any related dividend point index or such other sources as it 
deems appropriate.

--- Page 463 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – RATE CONDITIONS 
435 
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – RATE CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply to each Underlying classified in the applicable Issue Terms as a 
"Rate". 
For the avoidance of doubt, defined terms used in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect 
of Securities linked to Rates. 
1. 
Definitions 
Disrupted Day shall have the meaning given to it in Rate Condition 3 (Disruption to Valuation). 
ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions as amended and updated as at the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Securities as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. 
Rate means each Underlying classified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.  
Rate Condition means each condition specified in this Underlying Schedule. 
Scheduled Trading Day shall, in respect of a Rate, have the meaning given to it for such Rate 
in the applicable Issue Terms.  
U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or a 
day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association (or any successor) 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for 
purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
2. 
Valuation 
(a) 
Closing Valuations 
Underlying Closing Level means, in respect of a Rate and a Valuation Date, the interest rate 
(expressed as a percentage) specified to be such Rate for the relevant designated maturity on 
such Valuation Date, which appears on the applicable Electronic Page as of the Valuation Time. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a Rate will be determined as of the Valuation Time which may not 
be the "closing time" and a Rate may only be determined once on any Scheduled Trading Day.   
(b) 
Intraday Valuations 
Underlying Level does not apply to an Underlying that is a Rate. 
(c) 
Valuation Time 
Valuation Time means, in respect of a Rate, the time specified for such Rate in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation 
Disrupted Day means, in respect of a Rate, any Scheduled Trading Day for such Rate on which 
the percentage rate of such Rate for such Scheduled Trading Day does not appear on the 
Electronic Page. 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
No Additional Adjustment Event shall apply in respect of a Rate.  
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events 
No Additional Early Redemption Event shall apply in respect of a Rate.

--- Page 464 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – RATE CONDITIONS 
436 
 
6. 
Additional Provisions 
(a) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
Unless "Correction Provisions" are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(l) (Correction of published or announced 
prices or levels) do not apply in respect of a Rate. 
(b) 
Scheduled Trading Day 
If any Specified Valuation Date(s) is not a Scheduled Trading Day for a Rate then, if neither 
"Preceding Scheduled Trading Day" nor "Modified Following Scheduled Trading Day" is 
specified in respect of such Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, then the provisions of Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 2(c) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading Days)) 
applies in respect of that Rate; or: 
(i) 
if "Preceding Scheduled Trading Day" is specified for such Rate in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Valuation Date shall be the Scheduled Trading Day falling first preceding 
such Specified Valuation Date, unless such day is a Disrupted Day for the Underlying, 
in which case Rate Condition 6(c) (Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a 
Rate on a Disrupted Day) shall apply; or 
(ii) 
if "Modified Following Scheduled Trading Day" is specified for such Rate in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Valuation Date shall be the Scheduled Trading Day 
immediately succeeding such Specified Valuation Date, unless such day would fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event the Valuation Date shall be the Scheduled 
Trading Day falling first preceding such Specified Valuation Date, unless, in either such 
case, such day is a Disrupted Day for the Underlying, in which case Rate Condition 6(c) 
(Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Rate on a Disrupted Day) shall 
apply. 
Where "Move In Block" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to adjustments to 
Scheduled Trading Days and "Preceding Scheduled Trading Day" or "Modified Following 
Scheduled Trading Day" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of a Rate, then the 
adjustment provisions relating to Preceding Scheduled Trading Day or, as the case may be, 
Modified Following Scheduled Trading Day prevail and Valuation and Settlement Condition 
2(c)(ii) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading Days)) shall be construed so as not 
to apply to such Rate and consequently all reference to "for all of the Underlyings" and "for any 
of the Underlyings" in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(c)(ii) (Adjustments to Valuation 
Dates (Scheduled Trading Days)) shall be construed not to include any such Rate. 
(c) 
Determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Rate on a Disrupted Day 
The provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) do not apply in respect of a Rate.  
If any Specified Valuation Date(s) (if applicable, adjusted in accordance with the provisions of 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(c) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading 
Days)) or, as the case may be, Rate Condition 6(b) (Scheduled Trading Day) above) is a 
Disrupted Day for a Rate, then (a) if ISDA Fallback Determination is not specified as applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Calculation Agent shall determine the Underlying 
Closing Level of such Rate for the Valuation Date at such time and by reference to such sources 
as it deems appropriate; or (b) otherwise, if ISDA Fallback Determination is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine the Underlying 
Closing Level for such Rate on the Valuation Date as being the rate equal to the Floating Rate 
that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the 
Calculation Agent were acting as calculation agent for that swap transaction under the terms of 
an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Issue Terms; and

--- Page 465 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – RATE CONDITIONS 
437 
 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is the relevant Valuation Date, 
PROVIDED THAT, the Floating Rate Option shall always be determined by reference to the 
rate which appears on the relevant screen page or price source on the applicable Reset Date and, 
accordingly, all references in any Floating Rate Option to the contrary, including any references 
to the rate on any day other than that Reset Date shall be deemed to be deleted and the words 
"on the Reset Date" shall be substituted therefor, all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph, Floating Rate, Calculation Agent, Floating Rate Option, 
Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA 
Definitions. 
Where "Move In Block" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to adjustments to 
Disrupted Days, then the adjustment provisions above prevail and reference to "for all of the 
Underlyings" in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d)(ii) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) shall be construed not to include any 
Underlying that is a Rate. 
(d) 
Cut-off Valuation Date 
If the Valuation Date for a Rate determined as provided above would otherwise fall on a day 
falling after the second Scheduled Trading Day for such Rate prior to the date on which a 
relevant payment is scheduled to be made under the Securities (the Cut-off Valuation Date), 
such Valuation Date shall be deemed to be the Cut-off Valuation Date (notwithstanding that 
such date either (A) is not a Scheduled Trading Day for such Rate; or (B) is a Disrupted Day for 
such Rate) and the provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(e)(ii) (Adjustments to 
Valuation Dates (Calculation Agent's determination of Underlying Closing Levels)) shall apply 
in respect thereof.  
(e) 
Substitute or Successor Rates  
The provisions below and the determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Rate on any 
Scheduled Trading Day in the event of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day and the provisions 
relating to the consequences of any such Disrupted Day set out in the Conditions shall be subject 
as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 9. 
If, on or prior to the date on which any Underlying Closing Level in respect of a Rate is to be 
determined in respect of the Securities, the Calculation Agent determines that such Rate (each 
a Disrupted Rate) (1) has been discontinued or is permanently no longer being published, or 
(2) there has been an official announcement or formal publication of information by the 
supervisor of the administrator and/or sponsor of such Rate that the Rate (x) is no longer 
representative, or (y) as of a specified future date will no longer be capable of being 
representative, of any relevant underlying market(s) or economic reality that the Rate is intended 
to measure (in the case of (y) provided such specified future date has then occurred), the 
Calculation Agent may determine the relevant Underlying Closing Level by reference to (a) a 
substitute or successor rate that it has determined is the industry-accepted substitute or successor 
rate for the relevant Disrupted Rate or (b) if it determines there is no such industry-accepted 
substitute or successor rate, a substitute or successor rate that it determines is a commercially 
reasonable alternative, taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related market 
(including, without limitation, the derivatives market) (in either case, the Successor Rate).  
Upon selection of a Successor Rate, such Successor Rate shall be deemed to be the relevant 
Underlying in place of the Disrupted Rate and the Calculation Agent may make such 
adjustments to the Conditions of the Securities as it determines necessary or appropriate to 
reflect any industry-accepted practices for the Successor Rate and the effective date of any such 
adjustment. For the avoidance of doubt, any such adjustments may include adjustments to the 
definition of Scheduled Trading Day, Disrupted Day and any other relevant methodology or 
definition for determining the relevant Rate and may also include the application of any 
adjustment factor it determines is needed to reduce, to the extent reasonably practicable, any 
transfer of economic value from (i) the Issuer to the Securityholders or (ii) the Securityholders 
to the Issuer, in each case that would otherwise arise as a result of the replacement of the Rate

--- Page 466 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 13 – RATE CONDITIONS 
438 
 
with the Successor Rate. Notice of the selection of any Successor Rate and any related 
adjustments to the Conditions shall be notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which 
the Securities are for the time being listed and notice thereof shall also be published in 
accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
Any determination made by the Calculation Agent in accordance with this Rate Condition 6(e) 
(Substitute or Successor Rates) shall be made in its sole and absolute discretion, after consulting 
any source it deems to be reasonable.

--- Page 467 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – PREFERENCE SHARE CONDITIONS 
439 
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – PREFERENCE SHARE CONDITIONS 
This Underlying Schedule shall apply to each Underlying classified in the applicable Issue Terms as a 
"Preference Share". Securities linked to Preference Shares shall only be issued by CGMFL. 
For the avoidance of doubt, defined terms used in this Underlying Schedule shall only apply in respect 
of Securities linked to Preference Shares. 
1. 
Definitions 
Early Redemption Notice means a notice from the Preference Share Company that the 
Preference Shares are to be redeemed early. 
Preference Share means each Underlying classified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Preference Share Company means the entity specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Preference Share Condition means each condition specified in this Underlying Schedule. 
Scheduled Trading Day means, in respect of a Preference Share, any Business Day. 
2. 
Valuation 
Underlying Closing Level means, in respect of a Preference Share and a Valuation Date, the 
fair market value of such Preference Share displayed on the relevant Electronic Page at the 
Valuation Time on such Valuation Date as determined by the Calculation Agent using its 
internal models and methodologies and taking into account such factor(s) as the Calculation 
Agent determines appropriate, including, but not limited to: (i) the time remaining to maturity 
of such Preference Share, (ii) prevailing interest rates (including inter-bank rates and the rates 
at which the Issuer or its Affiliates would be able to borrow cash), (iii) the value of the 
Preference Share Underlying (s) and/or any future performance or expected volatility of such 
Preference Share Underlying(s) and (iv) any other information which the Calculation Agent 
determines relevant.  The Underlying Closing Level is scheduled to be published by the 
Preference Share Company on each Business Day on the Electronic Page specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms or such other widely available replacement price source as is notified to 
the holder of the Preference Share Linked Securities in accordance with General Condition 15 
(Notices). 
Valuation Time means, in respect of a Preference Share, an Underlying Closing Level and a 
Scheduled Trading Day, the time specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, if no such 
time is so specified, 5:00 p.m. (London time). 
Underlying Level shall not apply in respect of a Preference Share. 
3. 
Disruption to Valuation 
Disrupted Day shall not apply in respect of a Preference Share and the provisions of Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 2 (Underlying Valuation Provisions) shall be construed accordingly. 
4. 
Additional Adjustment Events 
No Additional Adjustment Events shall apply in respect of a Preference Share and the provisions 
of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(g) (Adjustment Events) shall not apply. 
5. 
Additional Early Redemption Events 
The following Additional Early Redemption Events shall apply in respect of a Preference Share: 
(a) 
Corporate Action  
Corporate Action means any event which may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, 
a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Preference Shares.

--- Page 468 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – PREFERENCE SHARE CONDITIONS 
440 
 
(b) 
Insolvency  
Insolvency means, in respect of the Preference Share Company, that either (i) by reason of the 
voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or winding up of or 
any analogous proceeding affecting the Preference Share Company, (A) all the Preference 
Shares of the Preference Share Company are required to be transferred to an Insolvency Officer; 
or (B) holders of Preference Shares of the Preference Share Company become legally prohibited 
from transferring such Preference Shares; or (ii) an Insolvency Event occurs in respect of the 
Preference Share Company. 
Insolvency Officer means, an administrator, provisional liquidator, liquidator, conservator, 
receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official. 
Insolvency Event means, in respect of an entity, that such entity (i) is dissolved or has a 
resolution passed for its dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (ii) makes a general assignment or arrangement with 
or for the benefit of its creditors; (iii) (A) institutes, or has instituted against it by a Competent 
Official, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under 
any bankruptcy law, insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights or a petition 
is presented for its winding up or liquidation by it or by such Competent Official; or (B) has 
instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other 
relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditor's rights, or 
a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is 
instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in (A) above and either (x) results in 
a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an 
order for its winding-up or liquidation or (y) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, 
in each case, within 15 days of the institution or presentation thereof; or (iv) seeks or becomes 
subject to the appointment of an Insolvency Officer for all or substantially all its assets; or (v) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets (and such secured party 
maintains possession for not less than 15 days thereafter); or (vi) has a distress, execution, 
attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or 
substantially all its assets (and such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained 
within 15 days thereafter); or (vii) such entity causes or is subject to any event which, under the 
applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in (iv) 
to (vi) above. For these purposes, "Competent Official" means, in respect of an entity, a 
regulator, supervisor or other similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or 
regulatory jurisdiction over such entity in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or 
in the jurisdiction of its head office or home office. 
(c) 
Merger Event 
Merger Event means, in respect of any Preference Shares, any: 
(i) 
reclassification or change of such Preference Shares which results in a transfer of or an 
irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Preference Shares outstanding to another 
entity or person; or 
(ii) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Preference Share 
Company with or into another entity (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger 
or binding share exchange in which the Preference Share Company is the continuing 
entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such Preference 
Shares outstanding); or 
(iii) 
takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any 
entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding 
Preference Shares of the Preference Share Company, which results in a transfer of or an 
irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Preference Shares (other than those 
Preference Shares owned or controlled by such other entity or person); or 
(iv) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of the Preference Share 
Company or its subsidiaries with or into another entity in which the Preference Share

--- Page 469 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – PREFERENCE SHARE CONDITIONS 
441 
 
Company is the continuing entity and which does not result in the reclassification or 
change of all such Preference Shares outstanding but results in the outstanding 
Preference Shares (other than those Preference Shares owned or controlled by such other 
entity) immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of 
the outstanding Preference Shares immediately following such event, 
in each case if the Merger Date is on or before the last occurring Valuation Date in respect of 
the Securities. For these purposes, "Merger Date" means the closing date of a Merger Event or, 
where a closing date cannot be determined under the local law applicable to such Merger Event, 
such other date as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(d) 
Nationalisation 
Nationalisation means, in respect of the Preference Share Company, that all the Preference 
Shares or all the assets or substantially all the assets of the Preference Share Company are 
nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise required to be transferred to any governmental 
agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
(e) 
Tender Offer 
Tender Offer means, in respect of the Preference Share Company, a takeover offer, tender 
offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity or person that results in 
such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having the right to obtain, by 
conversion or other means, greater than 10 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. of the 
outstanding voting shares of the Preference Share Company, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, based on the making of filings with governmental or self-regulatory agencies or such 
other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
(f) 
Preference Share Early Redemption Event 
Preference Share Early Redemption Event means the event that occurs if the Issuer has 
received an Early Redemption Notice. 
(g) 
Change in Law, Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost of Hedging 
Change in Law, Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost of Hedging shall be Additional Early 
Redemption Events and not Adjustment Events except in the case of Italian Listed Certificates 
where Hedging Disruption and Increased Cost of Hedging shall not apply.  
6. 
Additional Provisions 
(a) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
The provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(l) (Correction of published or 
announced prices or levels) shall not apply in respect of a Preference Share. 
(b) 
Issue Date 
The Issue Date of any Preference Share Linked Securities shall be either (i) the date specified, 
or (ii) the number of Business Days following, the Initial Preference Share Reference Date, as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
For the purposes of this Preference Share Condition 6(b) (Issue Date): 
Initial Preference Share Reference Date shall be the date specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms, PROVIDED THAT, if any date used for the valuation or any determination of any 
Preference Share Underlying (or any part thereof) falling on or about any such date is delayed 
in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Preference Share by reason of a non-
scheduled trading day, a disrupted day or the occurrence of an adjustment event (howsoever 
described in the terms and conditions of the Preference Shares), the Initial Preference Share 
Reference Date shall be the last delayed date on which any such valuation or determination is 
made, as determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 470 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – PREFERENCE SHARE CONDITIONS 
442 
 
(c) 
Issuer Call, Investor Put and Optional Redemption Amounts  
Securities that are to be redeemed early at the option of the Issuer pursuant to General Condition 
6(e) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) may be redeemed in whole but not in part.  For 
the purposes of such redemption, the Optional Redemption Amount shall be determined as 
provided below. 
General Condition 6(f) (Redemption at the Option of holders of Securities) shall not apply in 
respect Preference Share Linked Securities. 
For the purposes of this Preference Share Condition 6(c) (Issuer Call, Investor Put and Optional 
Redemption Amounts): 
Optional Redemption Amount means an amount per Security (in the case of a Note, 
representing a principal amount equal to the Calculation Amount) determined on the same basis 
as the Preference Share-Linked Redemption Amount (as defined in the Valuation and 
Settlement Schedule) except that, for the purposes of this definition, "Final Reference Level" 
means the Underlying Closing Level of the Redemption Underlying on the Optional 
Redemption Valuation Date.  
Optional Redemption Valuation Date means the date or, if such day is on which the Securities 
are to be redeemed early or such earlier date determined by the Calculation Agent solely for the 
purposes of allowing the calculation of the Underlying Closing Level of the Preference Share 
prior to the redemption of the Securities and such date shall be deemed to be a Valuation Date 
for the purpose or the Conditions. 
(d) 
Early Redemption for tax reasons or illegality, following an Event of Default or following an 
Early Redemption Event and the Early Redemption Amount 
If, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the Securities are to be redeemed (i) for tax 
reasons or for illegality in accordance with General Condition 6(b) (Redemption for Taxation 
Reasons and Redemption for Illegality), (ii) following the occurrence of an Event of Default in 
accordance with General Condition 11 (Events of Default) or (iii) following the occurrence of 
any Early Redemption Event in respect of a Preference Share in accordance with Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(h) (Early Redemption Events), then the Early Redemption Amount shall 
be determined as provided below. 
For the purposes of this Preference Share Condition 6(d) (Early Redemption for tax reasons or 
illegality, following an Event of Default or following an Early Redemption Event and the Early 
Redemption Amount): 
Early Redemption Amount means an amount per Security determined on the same basis as 
the Preference Share-Linked Redemption Amount except that, for the purposes of this 
definition, "Final Reference Level" means the Underlying Closing Level of the Redemption 
Underlying on the Early Redemption Valuation Date. 
Early Redemption Valuation Date means the date on which the Securities are to be redeemed 
early or such earlier date determined by the Calculation Agent solely for the purposes of 
allowing the calculation of the Underlying Closing Level of the Preference Share prior to the 
redemption of the Securities. Such date shall be deemed to be a Valuation Date for the purposes 
of the Conditions 
(e) 
Realisation Disruption 
If "Realisation Disruption" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and a 
Realisation Disruption Event occurs, such Realisation Disruption Event shall be deemed to be 
an Early Redemption Event and the Issuer may redeem the Securities pursuant to Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(h) (Early Redemption Events) and Preference Share Condition 6(d) 
(Early Redemption for tax reasons or illegality, following an Event of Default or following an 
Early Redemption Event and the Early Redemption Amount) and the provisions of Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 2(j) (Realisation Disruption) shall not apply to the Securities.

--- Page 471 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 14 – PREFERENCE SHARE CONDITIONS 
443 
 
(f) 
Redenomination 
General Condition 18 (Redenomination) shall not apply in respect of Preference Share Linked 
Securities.

--- Page 472 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
444 
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
PART A: INTRODUCTION TO THE CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
For the avoidance of doubt, this introduction to the Credit Linked Conditions (including the worked 
examples set out in the Annex (Worked Examples in respect of Credit Linked Notes) to this Part A) shall 
not form part of the Credit Linked Conditions. 
The questions and answers set out below and the worked examples set out in the Annex (Worked 
Examples in respect of Credit Linked Notes) to this Part A highlight selected information and provide 
practical examples to help prospective investors understand the Credit Linked Notes. However, any 
decision to invest in the Credit Linked Notes should only be made after careful consideration of the Base 
Prospectus and the relevant General Conditions in their entirety, particularly, the terms and conditions 
of the Credit Linked Notes set out in the Credit Linked Conditions, as completed by the relevant Final 
Terms or as completed, modified and/or supplemented by the relevant Pricing Supplement, as applicable. 
This section should be treated as an introduction to certain terms of the Credit Linked Notes. It is not 
intended to be a substitute for, nor a summary of, the Credit Linked Conditions. 
Capitalised terms in relation to the following questions and answers shall have the meanings given to 
them in the Credit Linked Conditions. 
INTRODUCTION TO CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
What are Credit Linked Notes? 
Credit Linked Notes are debt securities, the value of which are linked to the credit risk of one or more 
Reference Entities. The amount of interest, if applicable, and principal which investors will receive on 
the Credit Linked Notes is dependent on whether certain Credit Events or Risk Events, as applicable, 
occur in respect of any relevant Reference Entity to which the Credit Linked Notes are linked.  
In purchasing the Credit Linked Notes, investors are assuming credit risk exposure to each Reference 
Entity (and possible successors thereof). A Credit Linked Note is broadly intended to give the investor 
access to a credit default swap referencing certain Reference Entity(ies) in funded format. Therefore, 
many of the features and risks applicable to a market standard credit default swap referencing the relevant 
Reference Entity(ies) will be equally applicable to the Credit Linked Notes. 
By investing in the Credit Linked Notes, the investor will be a seller of credit protection (and hence a 
buyer of credit risk), while the Issuer will be a buyer of credit protection (and therefore a seller of credit 
risk). 
What is credit risk? 
Credit risk with respect to a Reference Entity is the risk that the Reference Entity fails to perform its 
obligations under certain borrowed money, bond or loan (as applicable) obligations, a specified reference 
obligation of the Reference Entity or the risk that the Reference Entity enters into bankruptcy. Borrowed 
money obligations would include any incurred loan obligations of the Reference Entity, obligations under 
any debt securities issued by the Reference Entity and certain qualifying guarantees of the Reference 
Entity related to such borrowed money obligations. In addition, failure to perform with respect to certain 
specified reference obligations will also be captured.  
The failure of the Reference Entity to perform its obligations is generally (but not exclusively) as a result 
of a deterioration of its financial condition. 
The financial condition and creditworthiness of a Reference Entity may change over time. Public 
information which is available in relation to a Reference Entity may be incomplete, misleading or out of 
date. The identity of each Reference Entity is subject to change as a result of successions where there are 
debt transfers or where another entity issues bonds or incurs a loan obligation in exchange for bonds or 
loans of the Reference Entity. The risks associated with a successor Reference Entity may be greater than 
the risks associated with the original Reference Entity.

--- Page 473 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
445 
 
If the Credit Linked Notes are linked to multiple Reference Entities, the probability that a Credit Event 
will occur may be increased. The credit risk to investors may further be increased if the Reference Entities 
are concentrated in a particular industry sector or geographic area, or if they have exposure to similar 
financial or other risks. 
What is the difference between the Credit Linked Notes and an ordinary debt security? 
Credit Linked Notes are similar to an ordinary debt security in that they provide the investor with a 
regular stream of interest payments, if applicable, and the return of par or a premium (in the case of 
Credit Linked Notes that are Zero Coupon Notes) on maturity in the ordinary course. However, Credit 
Linked Notes have the added feature not present in ordinary debt securities of an exposure to the credit 
of one or more Reference Entities. If a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable, occurs in relation to 
the relevant Reference Entity, an investor may lose all or part of its investment in the Credit Linked 
Notes. 
What is the difference between Credit Linked Notes and a bond issued by the Reference Entity? 
Credit Linked Notes give an investor exposure to the credit risk of the Reference Entity without having 
to own a bond, loan or other type of borrowed money obligation of such Reference Entity. The Reference 
Entity itself is not a party to and has no direct involvement in the Credit Linked Notes and an investor 
will not be able to claim against the Reference Entity or Issuer for any losses it suffers from a Credit 
Event or Risk Event, as applicable, in respect of the relevant Reference Entity. The investor will also not 
have any interest in, or rights under, any obligation of such Reference Entity. An investment in Credit 
Linked Notes is not equivalent to an investment in the obligations of a Reference Entity.  
The Issuer is not obliged to hold any obligation of the Reference Entity or otherwise have credit risk 
exposure to the Reference Entity. In addition to the credit risk of the relevant Reference Entity to which 
the Credit Linked Notes are linked, an investor will also be exposed to the credit risk of the Issuer and/or 
Guarantor, as applicable. Therefore, even if the Reference Entity is performing well, an investor may 
still suffer a loss if the Issuer's and/or the Guarantor's, as applicable, creditworthiness declines.  
How do changes in share prices of any Reference Entity affect the value of the Credit Linked Notes? 
Taking credit risk on the Reference Entity by purchasing Credit Linked Notes is different from taking 
equity risk by investing in shares of the Reference Entity. There are a number of reasons for this. For 
example: 
(a) 
the Credit Linked Notes reference borrowed money obligations of the Reference Entity or 
specified guarantees of the Reference Entity in respect of borrowed money obligations, and a 
Reference Entity must generally pay amounts due to the creditors on these debt obligations 
before paying dividends or capital to shareholders; 
(b) 
the obligations of the Reference Entity referenced by the Credit Linked Notes consist of 
borrowed money obligations or specified guarantees of the Reference Entity in respect of 
borrowed money obligations; holders of this type of debt will generally rank ahead of holders 
of ordinary shares in the insolvency of a Reference Entity, and so may have (but are not 
guaranteed) a higher rate of recovery of moneys due to them; 
(c) 
the Credit Linked Notes reference these borrowed money obligations and accordingly, the 
market value of the Credit Linked Notes is related to (although not necessarily equal to) the 
value of these borrowed money obligations; and 
(d) 
there is no direct link between share prices and the value of the Credit Linked Notes. 
However, in some circumstances, change in the share price of the Reference Entity may result in or from, 
at a general level, a change in the market value of its debt and vice versa.

--- Page 474 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
446 
 
KEY REGULATORY CONCEPTS RELEVANT TO CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
What is ISDA? 
The International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA) is a trade organisation of participants 
in the market for over-the-counter derivatives. It is headquartered in New York, and is responsible for 
creating standardised contracts such as the ISDA Master Agreement and the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions and a wide range of related documentation, that are used to enter into derivatives 
transactions. Definitions, confirmations and other documents and information published by ISDA are 
available on ISDA's website: https://www.isda.org/. Certain publications are available free of charge 
while others are available to subscribers of the website only. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, ISDA has over 900 member institutions from more than 70 countries. 
These members include a broad range of over-the-counter (OTC) derivatives market participants.  
What is a Credit Event? 
A Credit Event is, broadly speaking, an event which may be, but is not necessarily, regarded as being 
indicative of a default or material decline in the creditworthiness of the Reference Entity, which also 
includes bankruptcy in the case of a corporate Reference Entity. 
Credit Events are determined by reference to, in the context of a bankruptcy, the relevant Reference 
Entity itself and, in other cases, certain eligible types of obligations of such Reference Entity (including 
certain qualifying guarantees of the Reference Entity in relation to such obligations) which, in relation 
to the Credit Linked Notes, include loans, debt securities or other borrowed money obligations of the 
Reference Entity or specified reference obligations (Obligations).  
The Credit Events relevant to the Credit Linked Notes are any of the following events with respect to the 
Reference Entity, which will apply to a Credit Linked Note if specified or elected by reference to a 
specified transaction type in the relevant Issue Terms: 
(a) 
Failure to Pay: a failure by the Reference Entity to pay amounts when due under its Obligations 
(after the expiry of any applicable grace period), where the failure to pay relates to an amount 
greater than a pre-determined minimum amount; and where the "Credit Deterioration 
Requirement" is applicable, the failure to pay results from a deterioration in the creditworthiness 
of the Reference Entity 
(b) 
Bankruptcy: a bankruptcy or insolvency procedure in respect of the Reference Entity; 
(c) 
Restructuring: a restructuring of an Obligation of the Reference Entity which amends key terms 
of that Obligation as to reduction in repayment of principal or payment of interest thereunder, 
postponement in the payment of principal or interest, the changes in the ranking of the 
instrument causing subordination or resulting in redenomination into certain hard currencies in 
a form that binds all holders of the obligation and such event is not expressly provided for in the 
terms of the instrument where the event results from, directly or indirectly, a deterioration in the 
creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity; 
(d) 
Obligation Acceleration: the acceleration of an Obligation of the Reference Entity before it 
would otherwise be due and payable in respect of a pre-determined minimum amount; 
(e) 
Obligation Default: an Obligation of the Reference Entity in respect of a pre-determined 
minimum amount becomes capable of being declared due and payable before it would otherwise 
be due and payable; 
(f) 
Repudiation/Moratorium: the Reference Entity repudiates an Obligation in respect of a pre-
determined minimum amount or imposes a moratorium in respect of an Obligation in respect of 
such minimum amount and a failure to pay or a restructuring under such obligation subsequently 
occurs within a specified time period, without regard to any pre-determined amount; or 
(g) 
Governmental Intervention: an event which would result in the reduction or postponement of 
payment of principal or interest or change in ranking of priority in the instrument causing 
subordination, an expropriation of or the mandatory cancellation of an Obligation as the result

--- Page 475 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
447 
 
of an action taken or announcement made by a Governmental Authority in a form which is 
binding regardless of whether such event is expressly provided for under the terms of the 
instrument. This event is applicable only where "Financial Reference Entity" terms are stated to 
be applicable in the Issue Terms. 
What Credit Events apply to the Credit Linked Notes? 
In respect of each issue of Credit Linked Notes, the types of Credit Events which may apply in relation 
to the specified Reference Entity will vary depending on the identity of each Reference Entity and will 
be determined by reference to market standards that will be specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Typically, certain terms of the Credit Linked Notes, for example the maturity and the price of credit 
protection purchased will be subject to negotiation between the parties. However, many key terms of the 
Credit Linked Notes – for example, the applicable Credit Events – are typically determined by reference 
to a physical settlement matrix of market standard terms published by ISDA (the version of such matrix 
which is effective as at the Trade Date, Issue Date or Effective Date, as applicable, is referred to as the 
Physical Settlement Matrix). The Physical Settlement Matrix recognises a variety of standard terms 
based on the nature of the relevant Reference Entity (corporate, sovereign, etc.) and its location ((EMEA 
(Europe, Middle East and Africa), Asia-Ex Japan, Japan, Latin America, North America etc.). As at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, the Physical Settlement Matrix is available free of charge on ISDA's website 
at www.isda.org. 
The Issue Terms will specify a "Transaction Type" with respect to the relevant Reference Entity. Certain 
terms of the Credit Linked Notes, including Credit Events, will be determined by reference to the 
Physical Settlement Matrix for such "Transaction Type". Such terms may vary between particular series 
of Credit Linked Notes depending on the relevant "Transaction Type" which applies. Further, the 
Physical Settlement Matrix is updated regularly by ISDA and accordingly, different Series of Credit 
Linked Notes may refer to different versions of the Physical Settlement Matrix. 
What is a Risk Event and does it apply to all Credit Linked Notes? 
A Risk Event may be a Credit Event or an Additional Risk Event. While Credit Events cover the risks 
arising from the creditworthiness of the Reference Entity (see further "What is a Credit Event?" above), 
Additional Risk Events are indicative of defaults or risks specific to certain local access jurisdictions and 
will apply to Local Access Credit Linked Notes to the extent that such events apply in the relevant Issue 
Terms. Additional Risk Events include, amongst other things, events that make it impossible, illegal or 
impracticable for, or prohibit, restrict or materially delay the ability of, any entity holding a loan or 
obligation to convert or repatriate currency or purchase, hold, receive, sell, freely transfer or remain the 
owner of any such loan or obligation or affect the performance of custodial and settlement activities.  
The concept of a Risk Event is therefore specific to Local Access Credit Linked Notes. The types of Risk 
Events which may apply in relation to the specified Reference Entity will vary depending on the identity 
of each Reference Entity and the jurisdiction of such Reference Entity. 
When does a Credit Event need to occur to affect the payout on the Credit Linked Notes? 
A Credit Event may occur at any time during the period from, and including, the "Credit Event Backstop 
Date" to, and including, the Scheduled Maturity Date or such other date as is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms (subject to extension in certain circumstances). 
The Credit Event Backstop Date is typically intended to be a rolling date which is: 
(i) 
if a relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee (see further "What is the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and how does it affect the Credit Linked 
Notes (other than Local Access Credit Linked Notes)?" below) receives a request to 
resolve whether or not a Credit Event has occurred in relation to a Reference Entity (such 
date of request, the Credit Event Resolution Request Date), 60 calendar days prior to 
the date of such request; or  
(ii) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Credit Event has occurred in relation to any 
Reference Entity or an Obligation thereof and delivers an effective Credit Event Notice, 
and supporting information (if applicable), to the Issuer for delivery to the Fiscal Agent 
and Securityholders to that effect, when the Credit Derivatives Determinations

--- Page 476 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
448 
 
Committee is not going to consider the same, 60 calendar days prior to the earlier of (a) 
the effective delivery date of such Credit Event Notice (where it occurs during the notice 
delivery period) and (b) the Credit Event Resolution Request Date (where the effective 
delivery date of such Credit Event Notice occurs during the post dismissal additional 
period), subject to extension in certain circumstances. 
Instead of a rolling date, the Issue Date or Trade Date may be specified to be the Credit Event Backstop 
Date in the relevant Issue Terms. 
When does a Risk Event need to occur to affect the payout on the Local Access Credit Linked Notes? 
A Risk Event may occur at any time during the "Risk Event Determination Period", being a period 
commencing on the Issue Date or the Trade Date (as specified in the Issue Terms) and expiring on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date (subject to extension in certain circumstances). 
What are the event and payment timings which are relevant? 
(i) 
Event Timing: In order to determine the day on which an event occurs for purposes of 
the Credit Linked Notes, the demarcation of days shall be made by reference to 
Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the Reference Entity relates to 
Japan, Tokyo time), irrespective of the time zone in which such event occurred.  Any 
event occurring at midnight shall be deemed to have occurred immediately prior to 
midnight.  
(ii) 
Payment Timing: If a payment is not made by the Reference Entity on its due date or, as 
the case may be, on the final day of the relevant Grace Period, then such failure to make 
a payment shall be deemed to have occurred on such day prior to midnight Greenwich 
Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the Reference Entity relates to Japan, Tokyo 
time), irrespective of the time zone of its place of payment. 
Can a Credit Event occur prior to the Issue Date or the Trade Date? 
Yes. A Credit Event may occur prior to the Issue Date of the Credit Linked Notes and may even occur 
prior to the Trade Date specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Securityholders should conduct their own review of any recent developments with respect to the 
Reference Entity by consulting publicly available information. If a request has been delivered to ISDA 
prior to the Trade Date to determine whether a Credit Event has occurred with respect to the Reference 
Entity, 
details 
of 
such 
request 
may 
be 
found 
on 
the 
ISDA 
website 
at 
https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor website). 
When can a Credit Event or a Risk Event be triggered? 
A Credit Event may be bilaterally triggered with respect to the Reference Entity during the "Notice 
Delivery Period", being a period commencing on the Trade Date (as specified in the Issue Terms) and 
expiring 14 calendar days after the Scheduled Maturity Date or 14 calendar days following any DC Credit 
Event Question Dismissal. In certain circumstances, a Credit Event may be bilaterally triggered with 
respect to the Reference Entity 14 calendar days after a DC Credit Event Announcement. Similarly, a 
Risk Event may be triggered with respect to the Reference Entity during the Risk Event Determination 
Period (see "When does a Risk Event need to occur to affect the payout on the Local Access Credit Linked 
Notes?" above). 
However, in certain circumstances, the Notice Delivery Period or the Risk Event Determination Period, 
as applicable, may be extended beyond the Scheduled Maturity Date if a potential Credit Event, such as 
a Failure to Pay or Repudiation/Moratorium, has occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date of 
the Credit Linked Notes, which may become an actual Credit Event within a specified period following 
the Scheduled Maturity Date. In such case, the Notice Delivery Period will be extended to (and including) 
the date falling 14 calendar days following such Extension Date and the Risk Event Determination Period 
may also be extended in certain cases. Accordingly, notwithstanding the occurrence of a Scheduled 
Maturity Date, a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, could be triggered after the Scheduled 
Maturity Date.

--- Page 477 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
449 
 
What is an Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date? 
In order for Credit Linked Notes to be redeemed following a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable, 
it is necessary for a relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as 
applicable, to have occurred. Depending on the circumstances, this may be the date on which a notice 
describing the occurrence of the Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, has been effectively delivered 
(together with, if applicable, a notice containing publicly available information confirming the 
occurrence of the Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable), or, for Credit Linked Notes other than Local 
Access Credit Linked Notes, the date on which, amongst other things, it is publicly announced that a DC 
Credit Event Question was effective and the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was in 
possession of publicly available information with respect to such question, provided that certain 
conditions are satisfied. 
Accordingly, notwithstanding the occurrence of a Scheduled Maturity Date, an Event Determination 
Date could occur as a result of issues submitted to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
after the Scheduled Maturity Date where the date on which a DC Credit Event Question was effective 
and on which a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was in possession of Publicly Available 
Information with respect to such question falls on or prior to the 14th day following the Scheduled 
Maturity Date or any Extension Date, as applicable.  
Can an Event Determination Date only occur if a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
determines that one has occurred? 
No. The Calculation Agent and the Issuer may also deliver a Credit Event Notice to the Securityholder 
in relation to a Credit Event triggering an Event Determination Date (see "When can a Credit Event or a 
Risk Event be triggered?" above).  
An Event Determination Date may be bilaterally triggered following the occurrence of a Credit Event 
that is an M(M)R Restructuring. In other cases, although the Calculation Agent and the Issuer may trigger 
an Event Determination Date following the occurrence of a Credit Event it will only be able to do so if 
(i) a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has not made a DC Credit Event Announcement or a 
DC No Credit Event Announcement; (ii) it has some information to support its determination that a 
Credit Event has occurred and (iii) (in circumstances where a Notice of Publicly Available Information 
is required to be provided) it cites Publicly Available Information confirming the occurrence of the Credit 
Event described in the Credit Event Notice.   
What is the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and how does it affect the Credit Linked 
Notes (other than Local Access Credit Linked Notes)? 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was established by ISDA in March 2009 to make 
determinations that are relevant to the majority of the credit derivatives market and to promote 
transparency and consistency. Securityholders will have no role in the composition of the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee by virtue of the fact that they are investors in the Credit Linked 
Notes. 
Prospective Securityholders should note that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has the 
power to make binding decisions which the Calculation Agent may determine are applicable for the 
purposes of the Credit Linked Notes on critical issues, including: 
(a) 
the occurrence of a Credit Event and the standard Event Determination Date; 
(b) 
whether one or more Auctions will be held in respect of the Reference Entity for which a Credit 
Event has occurred; 
(c) 
if one or more Auctions are to be held, what Deliverable Obligations of the Reference Entity 
will be used for the purposes of determining the price for each such Auction and the relevant 
auction buckets which cover the various scheduled termination dates of transactions;  
(d) 
the suitable methodology to be applied when determining the asset market value of any non-
financial instruments or instruments not capable of transfer or when asset package delivery will 
be cash settled;

--- Page 478 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
450 
 
(e) 
the auction settlement terms;  
(f) 
the occurrence of a succession or succession event and the identity of any "Successors" (for 
details, see "Successors" below); and 
(g) 
suitable substitute Reference Obligations where a substitution event has occurred. 
Consequently, Securityholders will be bound by any such relevant decisions determined to be applicable 
to the Credit Linked Notes and the payments on the Credit Linked Notes and the timing of any such 
payments may be affected by such decisions or determinations. Questions referred to the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee and the results of binding votes will be published by the DC 
Secretary on https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor website). 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees are regional and there is a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee for each of the following five regions: the Americas, Asia (excluding Japan), 
Australia and New Zealand, Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA) and Japan. The proceedings of 
each Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will be governed by rules published from time to 
time by the DC Secretary. A copy of such rules is available as at the date of this Base Prospectus free of 
charge at https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor website). 
Each Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee is formed of up to ten voting dealer members, five 
voting buyside (non-dealer) members and three non-voting members (two dealers and one buyside). A 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee may also include as non-voting members one or more 
credit derivatives central clearing counterparties (CCP) as observer members. Dealer institutions are 
selected for membership in accordance with the DC Rules published by the DC Secretary and certain 
trading volume data guidelines. 
With effect from 12 October 2018, DC Administration Services, Inc., a Delaware-incorporated 
subsidiary of ISDA was appointed by ISDA to act as the DC Secretary. The DC Secretary is responsible 
for various administrative tasks, including distributing questions submitted by eligible market 
participants to the relevant DC members, convening DC meetings, and publishing the results of DC votes. 
The DC secretary does not vote on whether Credit Events have occurred. 
SUMMARY OF DIFFERENT CREDIT PRODUCTS UNDER THE PROGRAMME  
What are the different types of Credit Linked Notes that may be issued under the Programme? 
If Credit Linked Notes are issued by way of Final Terms, the Credit Linked Notes may be Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Portfolio Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes or Local Access Credit Linked Notes.  
(A) 
What are Single Name Credit Linked Notes? 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes represent an investment linked to the performance of only 
one Reference Entity specified in the relevant Issue Terms.  
Unless redeemed early in full, if a Credit Event and a relevant Event Determination Date occurs, 
then each Single Name Credit Linked Note will be redeemed in full (or, where an M(M)R 
Restructuring occurs or multiple successors are identified, in part) by payment of the relevant 
Credit Event Redemption Amount or, where Physical Redemption applies, by delivery of the 
Physical Redemption Assets and/or any applicable cash amounts on the relevant Credit Event 
Redemption Date.  
Multiple Credit Events and related Event Determination Dates may occur in respect of Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes in accordance with the relevant M(M)R Restructuring and Successor 
provisions.  
(B) 
What are Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes? 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes represent an investment linked to the performance 
of a basket with two or more Reference Entities, although such Nth-to-Default Basket Credit

--- Page 479 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
451 
 
Linked Notes are exposed to the credit risk of only the "nth" Reference Entity specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms. For example, if "n" is five, then redemption will only arise after a Credit 
Event has occurred with respect to five of the Reference Entities in the basket, and then only 
with respect to that fifth Reference Entity. As such, if one or more Credit Events occur in respect 
of Reference Entities other than the nth Reference Entity, redemption of the Nth-to-Default 
Basket Credit Linked Notes will not be triggered.  
Unless redeemed early in full, if a Credit Event and a relevant Event Determination Date occurs 
in respect of the nth Reference Entity, then each Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note will 
be redeemed in full (or, where an M(M)R Restructuring occurs or multiple successors are 
identified, in part) by payment of the relevant Credit Event Redemption Amount or, where 
Physical Redemption applies, by delivery of the Physical Redemption Assets and/or any 
applicable cash amounts  on the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date.  
Multiple Credit Events and related Event Determination Dates may occur in respect of the nth 
Reference Entity in accordance with the relevant M(M)R Restructuring and Successor 
provisions. 
(C) 
What are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes? 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes represent an investment linked to the performance of a 
basket of Reference Entities specified in the relevant Issue Terms and are exposed to the credit 
risk of each Reference Entity in the basket in proportion to the weighting specified for such 
Reference Entity in the relevant Issue Terms.  
Unless redeemed early in full, if a Credit Event and relevant Event Determination Date occurs 
in respect of any one of the Reference Entities in the basket, then each Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Note will be redeemed in part, in proportion to the weighting of the affected Reference 
Entity, by payment of the relevant Credit Event Redemption Amount or, where Physical 
Redemption applies, by delivery of the Physical Redemption Assets and/or any applicable cash 
amounts on the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date. Redemption will be effected in 
accordance with the relevant M(M)R Restructuring and Successor provisions, where applicable.  
Multiple Credit Events, and therefore multiple Event Determination Dates, may occur with 
respect to more than one Reference Entity. Further, multiple Credit Events and related Event 
Determination Dates may occur in respect of a single Reference Entity in accordance with the 
relevant M(M)R Restructuring and Successor provisions. 
(D) 
What are Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes? 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes represent an investment linked to the performance of 
component Reference Entities of an Index specified in the relevant Issue Terms. Such Index 
may be either an iTraxx® Index or a CDX® Index. The Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes 
are exposed to the credit risk of each Reference Entity in the relevant Index in proportion to the 
weighting specified for such Reference Entity in the relevant Issue Terms.  
Unless redeemed early in full, if a Credit Event and relevant Event Determination Date occurs 
in respect of any one of the Reference Entities in the Index, then each Index Untranched Credit 
Linked Note will be redeemed in part, in proportion to the weighting of the affected Reference 
Entity, by payment of the relevant Credit Event Redemption Amount on the relevant Credit 
Event Redemption Date and, where applicable, in accordance with the relevant M(M)R 
Restructuring and Successor provisions.  
Multiple Credit Events, and therefore multiple Event Determination Dates, may occur with 
respect to more than one Reference Entity. Further, multiple Credit Events and related Event 
Determination Dates may occur in respect of a single Reference Entity in accordance with the 
relevant M(M)R Restructuring and Successor provisions. 
(E) 
What are Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes? 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes represent an investment linked to the performance of 
component Reference Entities of an Index specified in the relevant Issue Terms, although such

--- Page 480 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
452 
 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes are only exposed to the incurred losses and redemptions 
are effected with respect to incurred recoveries (if any) in respect of a specified tranche of that 
Index. Such Index may be either an iTraxx® Index or a CDX® Index. Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes are accordingly exposed to the credit risk of each Reference Entity in the relevant 
Index in proportion to the weighting specified for such Reference Entity in the relevant Issue 
Terms, to the extent that losses suffered by the affected Reference Entities fall within such 
prescribed tranche. 
Unless redeemed early in full, if a Credit Event and relevant Event Determination Date occurs 
in respect of any one of the Reference Entities in the Index, then each Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Note will be written down and/or redeemed, as applicable, to reflect the incurred loss 
and/or incurred recovery suffered in respect of the affected Reference Entity (to the extent that 
any such incurred loss and incurred recovery falls within the prescribed tranche) with payment 
of any incurred recovery (i.e. the Index Tranched Redemption Amount) being made on the 
relevant Credit Event Redemption Date and, where applicable, in accordance with the relevant 
M(M)R Restructuring and Successor provisions.  
Multiple Credit Events, and therefore multiple Event Determination Dates, may occur with 
respect to more than one Reference Entity. Further, multiple Credit Events and related Event 
Determination Dates may occur in respect of a single Reference Entity in accordance with the 
relevant M(M)R Restructuring and Successor provisions. 
(F) 
What are Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes? 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes represent an investment linked to the performance of 
component Reference Entities of a bespoke basket specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
although such Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes are only exposed to the incurred losses 
and redemptions are effected with respect to incurred recoveries (if any) in respect of a specified 
tranche of that basket. Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes are accordingly exposed to the 
credit risk of each Reference Entity in the relevant basket in proportion to the weighting 
specified for such Reference Entity in the relevant Issue Terms, to the extent that losses suffered 
by the affected Reference Entities fall within such prescribed tranche. 
Unless redeemed early in full, if a Credit Event and relevant Event Determination Date occurs 
in respect of any one of the Reference Entities in the basket, then each Portfolio Tranched Credit 
Linked Note will be written down and/or redeemed, as applicable, to reflect the incurred loss 
and/or incurred recovery suffered in respect of the affected Reference Entity (to the extent that 
any such incurred loss and incurred recovery falls within the prescribed tranche) with payment 
of any incurred recovery (i.e. the Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount) being made on the 
relevant Credit Event Redemption Date and, where applicable, in accordance with the relevant 
M(M)R Restructuring and Successor provisions.  
Multiple Credit Events, and therefore multiple Event Determination Dates, may occur with 
respect to more than one Reference Entity. Further, multiple Credit Events and related Event 
Determination Dates may occur in respect of a single Reference Entity in accordance with the 
relevant M(M)R Restructuring and Successor provisions. 
(G) 
What are Local Access Credit Linked Notes? 
Local Access Credit Linked Notes represent an investment linked to the performance of only 
one Reference Entity specified in the relevant Issue Terms, where such Reference Entity is a 
sovereign of a local access jurisdiction. Accordingly, in addition to exposure to the credit risk 
of the Reference Entity, an investment in Local Access Credit Linked Notes involves additional 
risks associated with such local access jurisdictions, including potential risks of volatility, 
governmental intervention and the lack of a developed system of law.  
Unless redeemed early in full, if a Risk Event and a relevant Risk Event Determination Date 
occurs then each Local Access Credit Linked Note will be redeemed in full (or where multiple 
successors are identified, in part) by payment of the relevant Credit Event Redemption Amount 
on the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date.

--- Page 481 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
453 
 
Multiple Risk Events and related Risk Event Determination Dates may occur in respect of Local 
Access Credit Linked Notes in accordance with the relevant Successor provisions.  
PAYOUTS UNDER CREDIT LINKED NOTES – KEY TIMINGS AND AMOUNTS 
What are the different timings for payouts that are contemplated under the Credit Linked Conditions? 
The amount of interest, if applicable, and principal which an investor receives will depend on whether 
redemption of the Credit Linked Notes occurs:  
(a) 
in the usual course, at maturity (see further "When will the Credit Linked Notes be redeemed if 
no Credit Event or Risk Event occurs?" below);  
(b) 
pursuant to the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable (see further, "What 
is "Credit Payment following Credit Event" or "Credit Payment following Risk Event"?" below);  
(c) 
at maturity, despite the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable (see further, 
"What is "Credit Payment on Maturity"?" below); or 
(d) 
pursuant to the occurrence of an event (other than a Credit Event or a Risk Event) triggering 
early redemption (see further "When may the Issuer redeem the Credit Linked Notes early?" 
below).  
(A) 
When will the Credit Linked Notes be redeemed if no Credit Event or Risk Event 
occurs? 
If no Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, has 
occurred, and provided that the Credit Linked Notes are not otherwise redeemed early, 
repurchased or cancelled, each Credit Linked Note will be redeemed in full on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date (which may in certain circumstances have been extended) (see 
further "What will Securityholders receive if the Credit Linked Notes are not redeemed 
early?" below). 
(B) 
What is "Credit Payment following Credit Event" or "Credit Payment following Risk 
Event"? 
"Credit Payment following Credit Event" or "Credit Payment following Risk Event", as 
applicable, refers to where a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable, occurs with 
respect to a Reference Entity (or the nth Reference Entity, in case of Nth-to-Default 
Basket Credit Linked Notes) and an Event Determination Date or Risk Event 
Determination Date, as applicable, occurs as a result and redemption follows such Credit 
Event or Risk Event, as applicable (see further "What will Securityholders receive if 
"Credit Payment following Credit Event" or "Credit Payment following Risk Event" 
applies?" below). 
(C) 
What is "Credit Payment on Maturity"? 
"Credit Payment on Maturity" refers to where a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as 
applicable, occurs with respect to a Reference Entity (or the nth Reference Entity, in case 
of Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes) and an Event Determination Date or Risk 
Event Determination Date, as applicable, occurs as a result, but redemption (and 
accordingly, payment of the relevant redemption amounts) occurs only at maturity (see 
further "What will Securityholders receive if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies?" 
below). 
(D) 
When may the Issuer redeem the Credit Linked Notes early? 
The Issuer may redeem the Credit Linked Notes early in full, other than where a Credit 
Event or a Risk Event, as applicable, has occurred, if (i) certain tax events occur with 
respect to the Credit Linked Notes; (ii) certain events occur which make it unlawful for 
the Issuer and/or the relevant Guarantor to perform certain obligations or comply with 
material provisions of agreements entered into in connection with the Credit Linked

--- Page 482 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
454 
 
Notes; (iii) an Early Redemption Event occurs (see further "When will an Early 
Redemption Event occur?" below); (iv) certain Events of Default occur; (v) the Issuer 
elects to exercise its call option in respect of the Credit Linked Notes (if "Issuer Call" is 
applicable); 
(vi) 
in 
certain 
cases 
and 
if 
applicable, 
following 
an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event; (vii) a Realisation Disruption Event occurs; (viii) an 
Underlying RMB Currency Event occurs; (ix) a Merger Event occurs; or (x) if the 
Reference Obligation (in respect of a Reference Entity to which "Reference Obligation 
Only" applies) is redeemed in whole prior to its scheduled maturity date (see further 
"What will Securityholders receive if the Issuer redeems the Credit Linked Notes early 
(other than due to a Credit Event or a Risk Event)?" below). 
When will an Early Redemption Event occur? 
An Early Redemption Event may occur where, among other things, (a) certain adjustments have 
occurred, (b) in respect of certain Securities, circumstances in which the Calculation Agent determines 
that no adjustment can reasonably be made following an Adjustment Event, (c) in respect of certain 
Securities, no successor index can be determined or no adjustment can reasonably be made following a 
material change to the relevant index, (d) a Section 871(m) Event, or (e) a Hedging Disruption Early 
Termination Event (if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)). 
Can Securityholders elect to redeem their Credit Linked Notes early? 
The Securityholders do not have a right to require the Issuer to redeem their Notes early. 
What are Securityholders expected to receive pursuant to the different payouts contemplated under 
the Credit Linked Conditions? 
The amount of interest, if applicable, and principal which an investor receives will depend on when 
redemption of the Credit Linked Notes occurs. 
(A) 
What will Securityholders receive if the Credit Linked Notes are not redeemed early? 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are not otherwise redeemed early, repurchased or cancelled, the 
amount payable in respect of each Credit Linked Note that is redeemed in full on the Scheduled 
Maturity Date will be an amount equal to par.  
(B) 
What will Securityholders receive if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" or "Credit 
Payment following Risk Event" applies? 
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" or "Credit Payment following Risk Event", as 
applicable, apply and an Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date, as 
applicable, occurs, the Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed at the Credit Event Redemption 
Amount (see further, "What is the Credit Event Redemption Amount?" below), with no further 
payment of principal or interest, if applicable, on the proportion of the Credit Linked Notes 
affected by the Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable (see further "What interest payments 
will Securityholders receive after the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Risk Event?" below). 
The Credit Event Redemption Amount is likely to be less than the par value of the Credit Linked 
Notes and may even be zero. 
(C) 
What will Securityholders receive if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies? 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies and an Event Determination Date or Risk Event 
Determination Date, as applicable, occurs, interest will cease to accrue on, or be payable in 
respect of, such portion of the Credit Linked Notes affected by the Credit Event or Risk Event, 
as applicable. This will not affect any interest payable on the remaining portion of the Credit 
Linked Notes unaffected by such Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable. Further, the Credit 
Payment on Maturity Amount (which reflects the incurred recoveries to be paid at maturity) will 
accrue interest based on the funding interest rate specified in the Issue Terms (see further "What 
interest payments will Securityholders receive after the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Risk 
Event?" below). The Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed only at maturity in an amount equal 
to the Credit Event Redemption Amount (see further, "What is the Credit Event Redemption

--- Page 483 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
455 
 
Amount?" below). The Credit Event Redemption Amount is likely to be less than the par value 
of the Credit Linked Notes and may even be zero.  
(D) 
What will Securityholders receive if the Issuer redeems the Credit Linked Notes early (other 
than due to a Credit Event or a Risk Event)? 
If the Credit Linked Notes are redeemed early in full (other than where a Credit Event, Risk 
Event, Merger Event or redemption in whole of the Reference Obligation has occurred), the 
Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed on the Early Redemption Date or Optional Redemption 
Date, as applicable, by payment of an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount or 
Optional Redemption Amount, as applicable, with no further payment of principal or interest, 
if applicable, due in respect of such Credit Linked Notes. The Early Redemption Amount is an 
amount determined with respect to the Credit Linked Notes in the Settlement Currency which 
is typically equal to the fair market value of such notes or the principal amount of such notes 
(together with any unpaid interest). The Optional Redemption Amount is an amount specified 
in, or determined in the manner specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Where applicable, in the case of a Merger Event, the Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed on 
the Early Redemption Date by payment of the Merger Redemption Amount. The Merger 
Redemption Amount may be equal to either (x) the Early Redemption Amount or (y) an amount 
equal to the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the relevant Credit Linked Notes less any 
unwind costs, and will be specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
In the case of redemption in whole of the Reference Obligation (where "Reference Obligation 
Only" applies), each Credit Linked Note will be redeemed on the Substitution Event Date by 
payment of the Substitution Event Redemption Amount. The Substitution Event Redemption 
Amount is an amount determined with respect to the Credit Linked Notes in the Settlement 
Currency which is typically equal to the fair market value of such notes less any unwind costs. 
REDEMPTION MECHANICS UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
What is the Applicable Proportion? 
The Applicable Proportion represents such proportion of the aggregate notional amount of a Credit 
Linked Note that is affected by a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable, and is used for determining 
the amounts payable or to be written down and/or redeemed following the occurrence of a Credit Event 
or a Risk Event, as applicable, as well as for calculating the interest payable on such Credit Linked Notes. 
The calculation of the Applicable Proportion depends on the nature of the Credit Linked Notes, the type 
of Credit Event resulting in redemption (including whether the Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring 
or not) and whether the Successor provisions are relevant (see further "Successors" below): 
(A) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes  
The Applicable Proportion of each Single Name Credit Linked Note or Nth-to-Default Basket 
Credit Linked Notes will be equal to the product of the Specified Denomination of such Credit 
Linked Note and: 
(i) 
100 per cent. (where redemption is not as a result of an M(M)R Restructuring or pursuant 
to multiple successors being identified);  
(ii) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Exercise Amount specified in the 
relevant Credit Event Notice relating to the relevant Reference Entity and Credit Event, 
divided by the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked Notes (where 
redemption is as a result of an M(M)R Restructuring); or  
(iii) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Single Name Partial Nominal Amount 
or the Nth-to-Default Partial Nominal Amount, as applicable, divided by the Original 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked Notes (where redemption is not 
pursuant to an M(M)R Restructuring and where partial redemption occurs pursuant to 
application of the succession provisions).

--- Page 484 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
456 
 
(B) 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes and Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes 
The Applicable Proportion of each Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes or Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Note will be equal to the product of the Specified Denomination of such Credit 
Linked Note and: 
(i) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Reference Entity Notional Amount, 
divided by the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the relevant Credit Linked Notes 
(where redemption is not as a result of an M(M)R Restructuring or pursuant to multiple 
successors being identified);  
(ii) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Exercise Amount specified in the 
relevant Credit Event Notice relating to the relevant Reference Entity and Credit Event, 
divided by the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked Notes (where 
redemption is as a result of an M(M)R Restructuring); or  
(iii) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Linear Basket Partial Nominal 
Amount or Index Untranched Partial Nominal Amount, as applicable, divided by the 
Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked Notes (where redemption is 
not pursuant to an M(M)R Restructuring and where partial redemption occurs pursuant 
to the succession provisions).  
(C) 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
The Applicable Proportion of each Index Tranched Credit Linked Note or Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Note will be equal to the product of the Specified Denomination of such Credit 
Linked Note and an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the relevant Principal 
Writedown Amount, divided by the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked 
Notes. 
(D) 
Local Access Credit Linked Notes 
The Applicable Proportion of each Local Access Credit Linked Note will be equal to the product 
of the Specified Denomination of such Credit Linked Note and:  
(i) 
100 per cent. (where redemption is not pursuant to multiple successors being identified); 
or 
 
(ii) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Local Access Partial Nominal 
Amount, divided by the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked 
Notes (where partial redemption occurs pursuant to application of the succession 
provisions). 
What are the different methods of redemption? 
The Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed in accordance with the Credit Event Redemption Method 
elected for by the Issuer (and specified in the Issue Terms), provided that the Fallback Redemption 
Method, also specified in the relevant Issue Terms, will apply where the elected Credit Event Redemption 
Method cannot be applied. 
(A) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes or Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Notes 
Auction Redemption, Cash Redemption, Physical Redemption or Fixed Recovery Redemption 
may be selected as the Credit Event Redemption Method, with a fallback for either Cash 
Redemption or Physical Redemption.

--- Page 485 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
457 
 
(B) 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
Auction Redemption, Cash Redemption or Fixed Recovery Redemption may be selected as the 
Credit Event Redemption Method, with the only fallback being Cash Redemption. Physical 
Redemption is not relevant for these types of Credit Linked Notes. 
(C) 
Local Access Credit Linked Notes 
LA Cash Redemption, LA Physical Redemption or LA Fixed Recovery Redemption may be 
selected as the Risk Event Redemption Method. There is no prescribed fallback for such 
product. Auction Redemption is not relevant for these types of Credit Linked Notes. 
What is the Credit Event Redemption Amount? 
The Credit Event Redemption Amount is the cash amount that is payable to the Securityholders on an 
early redemption of the Credit Linked Notes following the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Risk Event, 
as applicable, and is broadly indicative of the recoveries in respect of such Credit Linked Notes.  
The Credit Event Redemption Amount depends on the applicable Credit Event Redemption Method or 
Fallback Redemption Method, the nature of the Credit Linked Notes and the timing for payment: 
(A) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket 
Credit Linked Notes and Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes 
For such Credit Linked Notes, the Credit Event Redemption Amount will be the Auction 
Redemption Amount (where Auction Redemption is applicable), the Cash Redemption Amount 
(where Cash Redemption or Fixed Recovery Redemption is applicable) or if "Credit Payment 
on Maturity" is applicable, the Final Auction Redemption Amount or the Final Cash 
Redemption Amount.  
The Credit Event Redemption Amount is determined based on the recovery price of certain 
deliverables determined in the relevant auction on the auction final price determination date or 
eligible obligations (Valuation Obligations) of the Reference Entity on a specified date (being 
the final price determination date) following the occurrence of a Credit Event with respect to 
such Reference Entity. With respect to the Credit Linked Notes which are subject to Cash 
Redemption, the eligible obligations shall be one or more obligations, as selected by the 
Calculation Agent, that are either a Reference Obligation and/or would constitute a Deliverable 
Obligation as at the particular observation time in accordance with elections made in the relevant 
Issue Terms. The price of such eligible obligations will be determined on the basis of bid 
quotations received by the Calculation Agent from dealers.  
(B) 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
The Credit Event Redemption Amount in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes will be the Index Tranched Redemption Amount or the 
Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount, as applicable, or if "Credit Payment on Maturity" is 
applicable, the Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount or the Portfolio Tranched Final 
Redemption Amount, as applicable.  
The Credit Event Redemption Amount is determined based on the Index Tranched Incurred 
Recovery Amount or Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount, as applicable, which in 
turn, in each case, requires the Recovery Amount to be determined. The Recovery Amount is 
based on the recovery price of the Deliverable Obligations which may be determined by an 
Auction or, where Cash Redemption applies, on the basis of bid quotations for Valuation 
Obligations received by the Calculation Agent from dealers.  
(C) 
Local Access Credit Linked Notes 
The Credit Event Redemption Amount in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes will be 
the LA Cash Redemption Amount (where LA Cash Redemption or LA Fixed Recovery

--- Page 486 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
458 
 
Redemption is applicable) or if "Credit Payment on Maturity" is applicable, the Final LA Cash 
Redemption Amount. 
The Credit Event Redemption Amount is determined based on the price of certain specified 
eligible assets of the Reference Entity on a specified date following the occurrence of a Risk 
Event with respect to such Reference Entity. With respect to Local Access Credit Linked Notes, 
the eligible assets shall be one or more assets that are either assets issued by the Reference Entity 
(and as specified in the Issue Terms) or assets selected by the Calculation Agent that would 
constitute a Deliverable Obligation as at the particular observation time in accordance with 
elections made in the relevant Issue Terms. The price of such eligible assets shall be determined 
on the basis of the highest bid quotation received by the Calculation Agent from third party 
dealers or if no such bid quotation is provided, by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion.  
How is the Credit Event Redemption Amount determined if Auction Redemption applies? 
If Auction Redemption applies, the Auction Redemption Amount or the Recovery Amount (which is 
necessary to determine in order to calculate the Index Tranched Redemption Amount or the Portfolio 
Tranched Redemption Amount), as applicable, will be determined by reference to a price determined by 
way of a credit derivatives auction administered by the auction administrators based on the auction 
settlement terms published by the DC Secretary (an Auction). The Auction will involve a bidding process 
by institutions participating in the relevant Auction, pursuant to a bidding procedure set under the 
relevant auction settlement terms, to establish the value of the eligible obligations (the Deliverable 
Obligations) of the relevant Reference Entity. Deliverable Obligations mean obligations of the 
Reference Entity which satisfy certain specified "Deliverable Obligation Categories" and "Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics" which are on the Final List as published by the DC Secretary. The Issuer or 
one or more of its affiliates may act as a participating bidder in any such Auction and may submit bids 
and offers with respect to the Deliverable Obligations of the Reference Entity.  
(A) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket 
Credit Linked Notes and Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes 
If Auction Redemption applies, the Auction Redemption Amount will be equal to the product 
of (1) the Applicable Proportion of the Credit Linked Notes being redeemed and (2) the price 
(expressed as a percentage) determined through the Auction for certain obligations of such 
Reference Entity, minus each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of any unwind costs.  
(B) 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
The Index Tranched Redemption Amount or the Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount, as 
applicable, is an amount representing each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount 
equal to (1) the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount or Portfolio Tranched Incurred 
Recovery Amount (being the recovery in respect of such Credit Linked Notes which falls within 
the specified tranche), minus (2) any unwind costs. Accordingly, in order to determine the Index 
Tranched Redemption Amount or the Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount, as applicable, 
the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount or Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery 
Amount, as applicable, needs to be calculated, which in turn, in each case, requires the Recovery 
Amount to be determined. If Auction Redemption applies, the Recovery Amount will be equal 
to the product of (1) the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Affected Reference Entity 
(and, in case of an M(M)R Restructuring, the Exercise Amount) and (2) the recovery price 
(expressed as a percentage) determined through the Auction for certain obligations of such 
Reference Entity.  
The auction price is likely to be lower than the par value of the Deliverable Obligations of the Reference 
Entity and will be reflective of a loss experienced by the holder of such Deliverable Obligations. 
Moreover, the price is likely to reflect the lowest prevailing market value of any Deliverable Obligation. 
The lower the auction price, the greater the amount retained by the Issuer to make whole the loss suffered 
by it (as buyer of credit protection) and thus the smaller the Credit Event Redemption Amount paid to 
Securityholders on an early redemption of the Credit Linked Notes.

--- Page 487 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
459 
 
How is the Credit Event Redemption Amount determined if Cash Redemption or LA Cash Redemption 
applies? 
(A) 
Cash Redemption  
If Cash Redemption applies, the Cash Redemption Amount or the Recovery Amount (which is 
necessary to determine in order to calculate the Index Tranched Redemption Amount or the 
Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount), as applicable, will be determined on the basis of the 
bid quotations sought by the Calculation Agent from third party dealers for the eligible 
obligations of the relevant Reference Entity selected by the Calculation Agent and satisfying 
certain specified obligation categories and obligation characteristics (such obligations being the 
Valuation Obligations). However, if no quotations are obtained, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the final price acting in a commercially reasonable manner which may even be zero.  
(1) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Notes and Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes 
If Cash Redemption applies, the Cash Redemption Amount will be equal to the product 
of (1) the Applicable Proportion of the Credit Linked Notes being redeemed and (2) the 
price (expressed as a percentage) determined on the basis of such bid quotations sought 
by the Calculation Agent from third party dealers for the Deliverable Obligations, minus 
each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of any unwind costs. 
(2) 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
The Index Tranched Redemption Amount or the Portfolio Tranched Redemption 
Amount, as applicable, is an amount representing each Note's pro rata share of an 
amount equal to (1) the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount or Portfolio 
Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount (being the recovery in respect of such Notes), 
minus (2) any unwind costs. Accordingly, in order to determine the Index Tranched 
Redemption Amount or the Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount, as applicable, the 
Recovery Amount needs to be calculated. If Cash Redemption applies, the Recovery 
Amount will be equal to the product of (1) the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the 
affected Reference Entity (and, in the case of an M(M)R Restructuring, the Exercise 
Amount) and (2) the price (expressed as a percentage) determined on the basis of such 
bid quotations sought by the Calculation Agent from third party dealers for the 
Deliverable Obligations.  
(B) 
LA Cash Redemption 
LA Cash Redemption applies only to Local Access Credit Linked Notes. If LA Cash 
Redemption applies, the LA Cash Redemption Amount will be determined on the basis of the 
highest bid quotation sought by the Calculation Agent from third party dealers for certain 
specified eligible assets of the relevant Reference Entity which may be assets issued by the 
Reference Entity (and as specified in the Issue Terms) or assets selected by the Calculation 
Agent that would constitute a Deliverable Obligation (being the LA Settlement Assets). 
However, if no quotations are obtained, the Calculation Agent will determine the LA Recovery 
Amount acting in its sole discretion.  
If LA Cash Redemption applies, the LA Cash Redemption Amount will be equal to the product 
of (1) the Applicable Proportion of the Credit Linked Notes being redeemed and (2) the LA 
Recovery Amount, minus each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of any unwind costs. 
In any case, while determining the Final Price or the LA Recovery Amount, as applicable, the 
Issuer will be entitled to select the cheapest Valuation Obligations or LA Settlement Assets, as 
applicable, for valuation. The lower the Final Price or the LA Recovery Amount, as applicable, 
the greater the amount retained by the Issuer to make whole the loss suffered by it (as buyer of 
credit protection) and thus the smaller the Credit Event Redemption Amount paid to 
Securityholders on an early redemption of the Credit Linked Notes.

--- Page 488 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
460 
 
What will the Securityholder receive if Physical Redemption or LA Physical Redemption of the Credit 
Linked Notes applies? 
(A) 
Physical Redemption 
If Physical Redemption applies, the Issuer will physically deliver assets to the Securityholders 
that represent each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of obligations of the Reference Entity 
which falls within a specified category (i.e. the Deliverable Obligation Category) and have the 
specified characteristics (i.e. the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics) which will be set out 
in the Issue Terms and which have an Outstanding Principal Balance or a Due and Payable 
Amount equal to the outstanding principal amount of the Credit Linked Notes following the 
occurrence of the Credit Event, minus any delivery expenses that may be incurred by the Issuer 
in the physical settlement and any interest suspension shortfall amount.  
The Issuer may be required to make a payment in cash to the Securityholders where, for 
example, the assets to be physically delivered are not a whole integral multiple of the smallest 
unit of transfer or physical delivery is illegal or impossible or the necessary consents for transfer 
of the relevant Deliverable Obligation haven't been obtained.  
If an Asset Package Credit Event has occurred, in certain circumstances the Physical 
Redemption Assets may include Assets comprising the Asset Package. The Issuer may elect to 
pay a cash amount to the Securityholders in lieu of delivering any or all of the Asset Package. 
(B) 
LA Physical Redemption 
LA Physical Redemption applies only to Local Access Credit Linked Notes. If LA Physical 
Redemption applies, the Issuer will physically deliver such assets to the Securityholders (being 
the LA Settlement Assets) that represent each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount 
equal to (1) the assets or obligations of the Reference Entity or assets selected by the Calculation 
Agent which constitute Deliverable Obligations, less (2) any unwind costs. 
The Issuer may be required to make a payment in cash to the Securityholders where, for 
example, physical delivery is illegal or impossible due to circumstances outside the control of 
the Issuer or within the control of the Securityholders. 
What will a Securityholder recover if fixed recovery is applicable? 
If "Fixed Recovery Redemption" or "LA Fixed Recovery Redemption" is specified as applicable, then 
following the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable, and relevant Event 
Determination Date, the amount payable on redemption on the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date 
shall be calculated as set out in "How is the Credit Event Redemption Amount determined if Cash 
Redemption or LA Cash Redemption applies?" above, provided that instead of the Final Price, the "Fixed 
Recovery Percentage" set out in the relevant Issue Terms shall apply. The Fixed Recovery Percentage 
may be specified as zero, in which case Securityholders will lose all of their investment upon the 
occurrence of a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable. 
What is an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event? 
This applies to a Restructuring Credit Event relating to some Transaction Types aimed at reducing the 
risk occurring with respect to receiving the "cheapest to deliver" assets by imposing complex restrictions 
on deliverables where a buyer of protection (i.e. the Issuer) triggers the event. The deliverables must 
additionally have a final maturity date (determined at the time of delivery and effective delivery of Notice 
of Physical Settlement) or determination which falls within the limitation date of a maturity bucket.  
If there is no auction for a bucket, in order to auction settle, the Issuer may elect to exercise a "Movement 
Option" to settle at a bucket with more restrictive deliverables rather than redeem through the fallback 
redemption methods.

--- Page 489 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
461 
 
How much will Securityholders receive if the Credit Linked Notes are partially redeemed following an 
M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event? 
If a Restructuring Credit Event occurs with respect to the Credit Linked Notes, and it constitutes an 
M(M)R Restructuring, the Issuer may elect to trigger a partial redemption of the Credit Linked Notes in 
respect of such Restructuring Credit Event.  This Credit Event requires a Credit Event Notice to be 
delivered in order to be triggered (i.e. this can only be triggered bilaterally). 
If the Issuer decides to partially redeem the Credit Linked Notes, each Credit Linked Note will be 
redeemed in part by an amount that is less than the entire credit protection purchased and sold under the 
Credit Linked Notes in relation to the Reference Entity with respect to which the Restructuring Credit 
Event occurred (such partial amount, the Exercise Amount). The Credit Event Redemption Amount 
payable to Securityholders will reflect such partial exercise for the purposes of redemption of the Credit 
Linked Notes. Subsequent determinations of interest and principal under the Credit Linked Notes will be 
determined only in respect of the outstanding nominal amount of the Credit Linked Note following such 
reduction. 
How much will Securityholders receive if the Credit Linked Notes are partially redeemed following a 
determination of multiple successors? 
If the Credit Linked Notes are partially redeemed following a determination of multiple successors, the 
Calculation Agent shall apportion any calculation amounts equally between the number of Successors 
and the Credit Event Redemption Amount or the amount of Physical Redemption Assets or LA 
Settlement Assets, as applicable, to be delivered for any Credit Events or Risk Events, as applicable, 
which occur shall be calculated on the basis of such apportioned amounts. For details on successors, see 
"Successors" below. 
Can Credit Linked Notes be redeemed after the Scheduled Maturity Date? 
If no Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, occurs then the Credit 
Linked Notes are scheduled to redeem on the Scheduled Maturity Date.  
However, if the Calculation Agent determines that on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, (i) one or 
more Reference Entities (a) may be subject to a Credit Event or to a Risk Event, (b) if "Grace Period 
Extension" is applicable, is or may be subject to a Potential Failure to Pay, or (c) if "Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium" is applicable, is or may be subject to a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, (ii) 
a Credit Event Notice or Risk Event Notice may be delivered after the Scheduled Maturity Date within 
an effective delivery period which may result in a Relevant Event Determination Date or a Relevant Risk 
Event Determination Date occurring, (iii) a Credit Event Resolution Request Date may occur after the 
Scheduled Maturity Date but during the Notice Delivery Period which may result in a Relevant Event 
Determination Date occurring, (iv) the final Credit Event Redemption Date or the Final Physical 
Redemption Cut-Off Date, as applicable, will only occur after the Scheduled Maturity Date (including 
any final Partial Cash Redemption Date or final Fallback Partial Cash Redemption Date), (v) a Payment 
Failure Cut-Off Date may occur after the Scheduled Maturity Date where a Payment/Delivery Failure 
Event has occurred, or (vi) a RMB Currency Settlement Cut-Off Date may occur after the Scheduled 
Maturity Date, then each Credit Linked Note then outstanding shall not be redeemed on the Scheduled 
Maturity Date but shall be redeemed on the Extended Maturity Date. 
When will the Credit Linked Notes be redeemed if the Scheduled Maturity Date is extended? 
If no Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, 
occurs on or prior to the Notes Extension Date, the Credit Linked Notes will redeem on the latest to occur 
of (a) the fifth Business Day following the Notes Extension Date; (b) the final Credit Event Redemption 
Date in relation to any unsettled Relevant Credit Events or Relevant Risk Event, as applicable or if later, 
any Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date (including any final Partial Cash Redemption Date or final 
Fallback Cash Redemption Date); (c) the fifth Business Day following the Payment Failure Cut-Off Date 
(if applicable); or (d) the fifth Business Day following the RMB Currency Settlement Cut-Off Date, if 
applicable. 
In respect of Credit Linked Notes (other than Local Access Credit Linked Notes), where a Relevant Event 
Determination Date actually occurs on or prior to the Notes Extension Date, the Credit Linked Notes

--- Page 490 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
462 
 
shall be redeemed on the later to occur of (a) the final Credit Event Redemption Date in relation to any 
unsettled Relevant Credit Events, as applicable or if later, any Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date 
(including any final Partial Cash Redemption Date or final Fallback Cash Redemption Date) and (b) the 
fifth Business Day following the Payment Failure Cut-Off Date (if applicable). 
In respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, where a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date 
actually occurs on or prior to the LA Cut Off Date, the Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed on the 
latest to occur of (a) the final LA Cash Redemption Date or the final LA Physical Redemption Date, as 
applicable; (b) the fifth Business Day following the Payment Failure Cut-Off Date (if applicable); and 
(c) the fifth Business Day following the RMB Currency Settlement Cut-Off Date, if applicable. 
INTEREST SPECIFIC PROVISIONS 
What interest payments will Securityholders receive after the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Risk 
Event? 
If an Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, occurs, the date on 
which interest ceases to accrue on the Applicable Proportion of the relevant Credit Linked Notes (for 
further information see "What is the Applicable Proportion?" above) shall depend on whether "No 
Interest Accrual on Default" or "Interest Accrual on Default" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms. 
(A) 
No Interest Accrual on Default 
Interest shall cease from and including the Interest Payment Date preceding the Event 
Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date, in respect of the first Interest Period, 
from (and including) the Issue Date. 
(B) 
Interest Accrual on Default 
Interest shall cease from and including the first Business Day immediately following the Event 
Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date.  
However, (i) in respect of each Credit Linked Note (other than a Local Access Credit Linked 
Note), interest will accrue on the Applicable Proportion from (and including) the Interest 
Payment Date preceding such Event Determination Date or (if no such Interest Payment Date 
exists), the Issue Date to (and including) such Event Determination Date; and (ii) in respect of 
each Local Access Credit Linked Note, the LA Interest Amount shall be payable if, and only if, 
an Interest Payment Date occurred during the period from (and including) the Interest Payment 
Date preceding such Risk Event Determination Date, or (if no such Interest Payment Date 
exists), the Issue Date to (and including) such Risk Event Determination Date.  
Any accrued, but unpaid, interest shall be paid (i) within 10 Business Days following the relevant Credit 
Event Redemption Date (if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" or "Credit Payment following Risk 
Event" applies) or in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes only and where there is no incurred recovery, within 10 Business Days following the 
relevant Auction Final Price Determination Date or Final Price Determination Date, as applicable, (ii) 
on such date as determined by the Calculation Agent (if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies), (iii) if 
the Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, on the Early Redemption Date, the Optional 
Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as applicable or (iv) within 10 Business Days following 
the first Delivery Date (if "Physical Redemption" applies), as applicable. In respect of Local Access 
Credit Linked Notes, such payment of suspended interest shall be made if, and only if, an Interest 
Payment Date has occurred prior to a prescribed date. 
The Credit Payment on Maturity Amount will accrue interest additionally at the funding interest rate 
where "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies.  
If a Credit Event and Event Determination Date have not occurred will I receive payments of interest 
on each Interest Payment Date? 
If an Applicable DC Credit Event Question has been made on or prior to an Interest Payment Date and 
no corresponding DC Resolution has been published or a Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant 
Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event and related Relevant Risk Event Determination Date,

--- Page 491 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
463 
 
as applicable, could occur but no Credit Event Notice or Risk Event Notice, as applicable, has been 
provided, then any interest payable under the Credit Linked Notes will be suspended to the maximum 
possible amount (assuming an Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date would occur, 
as though full exercise of an M(M) R Restructuring had occurred and where relevant, that Fixed Recovery 
Redemption with Fixed Recovery Percentage at 0% has occurred) or, in the case of Local Access Credit 
Linked Notes, the LA Interest Amount relating to the relevant Interest Payment Date will be suspended. 
If payments of interest are suspended when will the Issuer's obligations to make such payments 
resume? 
Suspension of interest amount will continue until certain public announcements by the DC Secretary are 
made or until the Calculation Agent determines that a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event, as 
applicable, has not occurred and will not occur or if an LA Cut-Off Date in respect of Local Access 
Credit Linked Notes has occurred. Such public announcements may be one of an Applicable DC No 
Credit Event Announcement, an Applicable DC Credit Event Question Dismissal or an announcement 
by the DC Secretary that the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will not be convening to 
Resolve the relevant Applicable DC Credit Event Question. In such case, the Securityholders will be 
paid the suspended interest amount 10 Business Days following the date of such announcement or 
determination by the Calculation Agent or the LA Cut-Off Date, as applicable. 
Will Securityholders receive an additional amount of interest once the Issuer's obligation to make 
interest payments resumes? 
No additional amount of interest will be payable to the Securityholders by the Issuer in connection with 
the delay or postponement in payment of an interest amount. However, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that the amount of interest suspended pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 2(c) (Suspension 
of Interest following an Applicable DC Credit Event Question, a potential Credit Event or a potential 
Risk Event) was greater or lesser than the amount of interest that should have been suspended, the Issuer 
will be required to calculate the adjustment interest amount due to or from the Securityholders and such 
adjustment amount will be paid to, or held back from future interest payments owed to, the 
Securityholders and where there has been a shortfall as at the relevant maturity or early redemption date, 
such interest shortfall proceeds shall be deducted from the final redemption amounts or the amount of 
Physical Redemption Assets to be delivered, as applicable. 
ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS 
What are the Financial Reference Entity Terms? 
If "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, then: 
(i) 
where the Reference Obligation is a senior obligation and if a Credit Event relating to 
Governmental Intervention or Restructuring would only affect the subordinated 
obligations of the relevant obligor, a Credit Event will not be triggered in respect of such 
Reference Entity;  
(ii) 
where the Reference Obligation is a subordinated obligation and if a Credit Event relating 
to Governmental Intervention or Restructuring would only affect the further 
subordinated obligations of the relevant obligor, a Credit Event will not be triggered in 
respect of such Reference Entity; 
(iii) 
with respect to successions, if the Credit Linked Notes relates to a Senior Obligation, the 
debt transfer shall be assessed only in relation to Bond or Loans which include the Senior 
Obligations of the Reference Entity and where the Credit Linked Notes are Subordinated 
Obligations, the debt transfer shall exclude Senior Obligations and any Further 
Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation 
Category "Bond or Loan", provided that if no such Bond or Loan exists, the debt transfer 
shall be assessed only in relation to Bond or Loans which include the Senior Obligations 
of the Reference Entity; 
(iv) 
provided that "Governmental Intervention" is also specified as applicable in the Issue 
Terms, if an obligation would otherwise satisfy a particular Obligation Characteristic or 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, the existence of any terms in the relevant

--- Page 492 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
464 
 
obligation in effect at the time of making the determination which permit the Reference 
Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, released or suspended in circumstances 
which would constitute a Governmental Intervention, shall not cause such obligation to 
fail to satisfy such Obligation Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation Characteristic; 
(v) 
a qualifying guarantee which contains terms permitting or anticipating a Governmental 
Intervention will not be treated as containing provisions where the principal payment 
obligations of the Reference Entity can be discharged, released, reduced, assigned or 
otherwise altered as a result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of such event; or  
(vi) 
an Asset Package Credit Event may occur where (a) a Governmental Intervention is 
specified as applicable in the Issue Terms or (b) a Restructuring in respect of the 
Reference Obligation, if "Restructuring" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and 
such Restructuring does not constitute a Governmental Intervention. If an Asset Package 
Credit Event occurs, Asset Package Delivery is applicable and any Prior Deliverable 
Obligation shall be a Deliverable Obligation.  
What is Asset Package Credit Event and Asset Package Delivery? 
If (a) "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms and a Restructuring 
Credit Event (which does not constitute a Governmental Intervention) of the Reference Obligation or a 
Governmental Intervention Credit Event occurs, or (b) a Restructuring Credit Event occurs with respect 
to a Sovereign, such a Credit Event will constitute an "Asset Package Credit Event".  
If such Asset Package Credit Event occurs prior to the relevant Credit Event Backstop Date, then in those 
circumstances, (unless, in respect of a Sovereign Reference Entity, Asset Package Delivery has been 
specified not to apply in the relevant Issue Terms), the obligations or assets used to determine the Auction 
Final Price or recovery of the Valuation Obligations, as the case may be (i.e. the "Asset Package"), will 
be the "Asset Package" comprising those assets received or retained by a Relevant Holder by reference 
to: 
(i) 
in respect of (a) above and a Governmental Intervention Credit Event, an obligation of 
the Reference Entity which existed immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event 
which would have constituted a Deliverable Obligation, or in the case of (a) above and a 
Restructuring Credit Event, the Reference Obligation (i.e. a "Prior Deliverable 
Obligation"); or 
(ii) 
in respect of (b) above, a benchmark obligation of the relevant Sovereign identified as 
such by ISDA and published on its website or any successor website or by a third party 
designated by ISDA on its website from time to time and which immediately prior to the 
Asset Package Credit Event would have constituted a Deliverable Obligation (i.e. a 
"Package Observable Bond"). 
Delivery of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond may be satisfied by Delivery 
of the related Asset Package, and such Asset Package shall be treated as having the same currency, 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, as the Prior Deliverable 
Obligation or Package Observable Bond to which it corresponds had immediately prior to the Asset 
Package Credit Event, and if the Asset Package is zero, the Outstanding Amount of the Prior Deliverable 
Obligation or Package Observable Bond shall be deemed to have been Delivered in full three Business 
Days following the date on which the Issuer has notified the Fiscal Agent of the detailed description of 
the Asset Package that it intends to Deliver in accordance with the definition of "Notice of Physical 
Settlement".  
The Issuer may satisfy its obligation to make Delivery of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond in part by Delivery of each Asset in the Asset Package in the correct proportion. If the 
relevant Asset is a Non-Transferable Instrument or a Non-Financial Instrument, the Asset shall be 
deemed to be an amount of cash equal to the Asset Market Value by reference to an appropriate specialist 
valuation or in accordance with the methodology determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee.

--- Page 493 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
465 
 
What are Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred Reference Obligations?  
Where the Issue Terms specify "Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred Reference Obligations 
(published on December 8, 2017)" as applicable, the Reference Obligation is any obligation of the 
Reference Entity which is Subordinated only to any unsubordinated Borrowed Money Obligations of the 
Reference Entity but not further or otherwise, or which would be so Subordinated if any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money Obligations of the Reference Entity existed (Senior Non-Preferred Obligation), and 
which ranks above "Traditional Subordinated Obligations" or which would so rank if Traditional 
Subordinated Obligations existed. In such circumstances, the Senior Non-Preferred Obligation shall 
constitute a Subordinated Obligation and such Traditional Subordinated Obligation (as defined in the 
Credit Linked Conditions) shall constitute a Further Subordinated Obligation. 
What is the 2014 CoCo Supplement and a CoCo Provision? 
Where the Issue Terms specify the 2014 CoCo Supplement to be applicable, if with respect to one or 
more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount of not less than a pre-determined amount, the 
operation of one or more CoCo Provisions results in (i) a permanent or temporary reduction of the amount 
of principal payable at redemption or (ii) a conversion of principal into shares or another instrument, 
such event shall be deemed to constitute a Governmental Intervention.  
A Coco Provision requires (i) a permanent or temporary reduction of the amount of principal payable at 
redemption or (ii) a conversion of principal into shares or another instrument, in each case, if the capital 
ratio is at or below a trigger percentage which is specified to be 5.25 per cent., if no other trigger 
percentage is specified. 
What are the Additional Provisions for Monoline Insurer Reference Entities? 
Where the Issue Terms specify that "Additional Provisions for Monoline Insurer Reference Entities" are 
applicable, Obligations and Deliverable Obligations will include certain qualifying financial guarantee 
insurance policy or similar financial guarantees pursuant to which a Reference Entity irrevocably 
guarantees or insures certain borrowed money instruments of another party. 
What is the impact of additional provisions applicable to the Hellenic Republic, Republic of Ecuador 
or Republic of Ukraine? 
Where the Issue Terms specify that "Additional Provisions for the Republic of Ecuador: Excluded 
Obligations and Excluded Deliverable Obligations" (published by ISDA on 5 March 2018), "Additional 
Provisions for the Hellenic Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded Deliverable Obligations" 
(published by ISDA on 29 May 2012) or "Additional Provisions for the Republic of Ukraine: Excluded 
Obligations and Excluded Deliverable Obligations" (published by ISDA on 11 April 2016) are 
applicable, certain Bond or Loan obligations (as the case may be) are treated as Excluded Deliverable 
Obligations, which:  
(i) 
in respect of a Hellenic Reference Entity means any obligation that is a "Bond or a Loan" that 
was issued or incurred, as the case may be, on or prior to 1 February 2012; 
(ii) 
in respect of an Ecuador Reference Entity means any obligation that is a "Bond" that was issued 
on or prior to 31 December 2009; or 
(iii) 
in respect of a Ukraine Reference Entity means any obligation that is a "Bond" that was issued 
on or prior to 1 November 2015. 
REFERENCE OBLIGATIONS 
What is a Standard Reference Obligation ? 
A Standard Reference Obligation is the obligation specified as the market standard reference obligation 
for the relevant Reference Entity for the relevant seniority level, as published on the relevant SRO list. 
If "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms where there is no 
Standard Reference Obligation and  a Non-Standard Reference Obligation is specified in the Issue Terms, 
the Reference Obligation will be (A) the Non-Standard Reference Obligation to but excluding the first

--- Page 494 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
466 
 
date of publication of the Standard Reference Obligation and (B) the Standard Reference Obligation with 
the relevant Seniority Level with be the Reference Obligation from such date onwards, provided that the 
Standard Reference Obligation that is published would have been eligible to be selected as a Substitute 
Reference Obligation. The SRO list for selected standard reference obligations selected by the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee can be obtained at https://ihsmarkit.com or any successor 
webpage. Standard reference obligation could also be disapplied in the Issue Terms.  
Can a redeemed Reference Obligation be stipulated as a  Reference Obligation? 
Yes. For the purpose of assessing the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or "Not 
Subordinated" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic. 
SUCCESSORS 
Is it possible to change a Reference Entity? 
The Reference Entity may not be changed unless a "Successor" determination has been made with respect 
to the Reference Entity on or after the "Successor Backstop Date" (or, in the case of a "Universal 
Successor", on or after 1 January 2014). 
A "Universal Successor" means, with respect to any Reference Entity (not being a sovereign entity), the 
single entity which assumes all of the obligations (including at least one relevant bond or loan) of the 
Reference Entity and at the time of the determination either (A) the Reference Entity has ceased to exist, 
or (B) the Reference Entity is in the process of being dissolved (however described) and the Reference 
Entity has not issued or incurred any borrowed money obligation at any time since the legally effective 
date of the assumption. 
What is a "Successor" to the Reference Entity and how can succession affect the Credit Linked Notes? 
If the DC Secretary publicly announces that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has resolved 
that a different entity or entities has or have become successor(s) to the original Reference Entity to 
which the Credit Linked Notes are linked, then such entity(ies) may be identified as a "Successor" to the 
original Reference Entity. The Calculation Agent (being the Issuer or an Affiliate) may also, following 
a succession event, identify an entity or entities as a successor(s) to the original Reference Entity or in 
the case of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes and Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the Index 
Sponsor may also following a Succession Event, identify an entity or entities as a successor(s) to the 
original Reference Entity. 
A single entity, or one entity or one or more entities may either directly or as provider of a qualifying 
guarantee succeed to the Reference Entity based on whether the percentage of debt transferred satisfies 
certain specified thresholds but where a universal successor applies, the entity need only assume all of 
the obligations and at least one bond or loan or guarantee obligation in connection with either where at 
the time of determination certain conditions exist. If there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall 
consider all related successions in respect of such Steps Plan in aggregate as if forming part of a single 
succession.   
An entity shall succeed to another entity if an entity other than the Reference Entity (i) assumes or 
becomes liable for the relevant obligations whether by operation of law or pursuant to any agreement 
(including, with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, any protocol, treaty, convention, 
accord, concord, entente, pact or other agreement), or (ii) issues Bonds or incurs Loans (the Exchange 
Bonds or Loans) that are exchanged for Relevant Obligations, and in either case the Reference Entity is 
not thereafter a direct obligor or a provider of a qualifying guarantee with respect to such Relevant 
Obligations or such Exchange Bonds or Loans, as applicable. 
The identity of the original Reference Entity will be treated as having been amended accordingly for the 
purposes of the Credit Linked Notes so that, following the determination or announcement of a 
"Successor", the Credit Linked Notes will be linked to the credit risk of the Successor. The credit risk 
associated with a Successor or Successors may be different from and could be greater than the credit risk 
associated with the original Reference Entity.

--- Page 495 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
467 
 
The events which may lead to the determination or announcement of a Successor may occur at any time 
from and including the "Successor Backstop Date" (or, in the case of a "Universal Successor", on or after 
1 January 2014), which is a rolling date that is: 
(i) 
if a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee receives a request to resolve whether or not 
there is one or more Successors to the Reference Entity, 90 calendar days prior to the date of 
such request; or 
(ii) 
otherwise, 90 calendar days prior to the date on which an effective notice of the occurrence of 
a succession is delivered by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent. 
Can a succession occur prior to the Issue Date? 
Yes. A succession may occur prior to the Issue Date of the Credit Linked Notes and may even occur 
prior to the Trade Date specified in the applicable Issue Terms. The Successor Backstop Date may fall 
prior to the Trade Date and accordingly a succession may occur prior to the Trade Date. 
Securityholders should conduct their own review of any recent developments with respect to the 
Reference Entity by consulting publicly available information. If a request has been delivered to convene 
a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee prior to the Trade Date to determine whether a 
succession has occurred with respect to the Reference Entity, details of such request may be found on 
the ISDA website https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor website). 
Can a sovereign be subject to a succession ? 
Yes, where an annexation, unification, secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or 
other similar event occurs and the debt is transferred as described in "What is a "Successor" to the 
Reference Entity and how can succession affect the Credit Linked Notes?" above. 
Does the Calculation Agent have unfettered discretion to determine a Successor? 
No. Although the Calculation Agent has the right to make a determination as to whether or not a 
succession event has occurred, its right is limited by the Credit Linked Conditions as follows: the 
Calculation Agent (i) cannot make such a determination if a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has already determined that such an event does not constitute a succession event; (ii) is 
required to act on the basis of Eligible Information; and (iii) is required to act in a commercially 
reasonable manner. In the case of the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes and Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes, the Index Sponsor may make a successor determination if the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has not identified a Successor. 
Can multiple successors be identified with respect to a Reference Entity? 
Yes, including the case where the original entity affected by the succession is also identified as a 
Successor. In such case where there are multiple successors, the Calculation Agent shall apportion any 
calculation amounts equally between the number of Successors and the Credit Event Redemption 
Amount for any Credit Events or Risk Events, as applicable, which occur shall be calculated on the basis 
of such apportioned amounts.  
Where multiple successors are identified, multiple Credit Events or Risk Events, as applicable, and 
multiple Event Determination Dates or Risk Event Determination Dates, as applicable, may occur with 
respect to each Reference Entity save in the case of Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes and the 
nth Reference Entity (where a Relevant Credit Event and Relevant Event Determination Date may occur 
only in relation to the nth Reference Entity). 
What sort of indices may be referenced by Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes? 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes may reference an index 
that is either an iTraxx® index or a CDX® index. 
The iTraxx indices cover the most liquid names in the European, Asian, Middle Eastern and African 
markets and the selection methodology ensures that the indices represent the most liquid parts of the

--- Page 496 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
468 
 
market. For instance, the benchmark iTraxx® Europe Main index comprises European names with sub-
indices such as Markit iTraxx® Europe Senior Financials and Markit iTraxx® Subordinated Financials 
index. The iTraxx® Crossover index comprises most liquid sub-investment grade entities. The Asia-
Pacific iTraxx® indices cover the investment-grade iTraxx® Asia ex-Japan index, the iTraxx® Australia 
index  and the iTraxx® Japan index.  In addition, the iTraxx® CEEMEA index covers corporate and quasi-
sovereign entities from Central & Eastern European, Middle Eastern and African countries. 
CDX indices are a family of credit indices covering North America and emerging markets having a 
selection methodology representing the markets most liquid segments. They cover sub-indices including 
CDX® North American Investment Grade, CDX® North American Investment Grade High Volatility, 
CDX® North American High Yield, CDX® North American High Yield High Beta, CDX® Emerging 
Markets, CDX® Emerging Markets Diversified. Markit also publishes a CDS index of U.S. state and 
municipal Reference Entities commonly referred to as the MCDX® index.   
More information relating to the various credit indices and standard documentation published by the 
Index Sponsor can be obtained from: https://ihsmarkit.com/products.html. 
Important information in respect of Markit Indices 
Securityholders should note that important information about Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes and 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes referencing a Markit-published index (index CDS) may be found 
on Markit's website at www.markit.com. The information on Markit's website includes the standard 
terms supplement for the applicable index CDS, the most recent and archived annexes of Reference 
Entities for the applicable index and the rules of the applicable index. Markit publishes many of the most 
widely traded credit default swap indices. With respect to Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes based on an index CDS, the Issue Terms will specify the relevant 
terms for that index CDS published by Markit, the list of the relevant index CDS (with the relevant annex 
date) to be incorporated as published by Markit and the effective date of that index CDS.  
Markit CDX™ Markit iTraxx is a service mark of the Index Sponsor and has been licensed for use in 
connection with specified transactions. The Index referenced in any Credit Linked Notes is the property 
of the Index Sponsor and has been licensed for use in connection with specific transactions. The Credit 
Linked Notes are not sponsored, endorsed or promoted by the Index Sponsor or any participants under 
the Index Sponsor's rules governing the index CDS (the Index Sponsor, together with such participants, 
the Index Parties). The Index Parties make no representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, 
and hereby expressly disclaim all warranties (including, without limitation, those of merchantability or 
fitness for a particular purpose or use), with respect to the Index or any data included therein or relating 
thereto, and in particular disclaim any warranty either as to the quality, accuracy and/or completeness of 
the Index or any data included therein, the results obtained from the use of the index CDS, the 
composition of the index CDS at any particular time on any particular date or otherwise, and/or the 
creditworthiness of, or likelihood of the occurrence of a Credit Event with respect to, any entity in the 
index CDS at any particular time on any particular date or otherwise.   
Investors should note that the Index Parties, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or one or more of their 
affiliates shall not be liable (whether in negligence or otherwise) for any error in the index CDS, and the 
Index Parties, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or one or more of their affiliates shall are under no 
obligation to advise the parties or any person of any error therein. The Index Parties, the Issuer, 
Calculation Agent or one or more of their affiliates shall make no representation whatsoever, whether 
express or implied, as to the purchase of any Credit Linked Notes, or of assuming any risks in connection 
therewith. The Index Parties have no obligation to take the needs of any Investor into consideration in 
determining, composing or calculating the index CDS. The Index Parties, the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent or one or more of their affiliates shall have no liability to any party for any act or failure to act by 
the Index Parties in connection with the determination, adjustment, calculation or maintenance of the 
index CDS. Although the Calculation Agent or Issuer will obtain information concerning the Index from 
sources it believes reliable, it will not independently verify this information.  Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking (express or implied) is made, and no responsibility is accepted 
by the Issuer, Calculation Agent or one or more of their affiliates, as to the accuracy, completeness or 
timeliness of information concerning the index CDS.

--- Page 497 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
469 
 
DISCRETIONARY POWERS OF THE ISSUER AND THE CALCULATION AGENT 
What are some of the key determinations that the Calculation Agent is responsible for making in 
relation to Credit Linked Notes? 
Securityholders should note that the Calculation Agent is responsible for making certain determinations 
with respect to the Credit Linked Notes. 
The Calculation Agent is responsible for, amongst other things: 
(a) 
in the absence of a resolution by a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee as to whether 
a Credit Event has occurred in relation to the relevant Reference Entity, electing whether to 
deliver a Credit Event Notice and supporting information in order to trigger settlement of the 
Credit Linked Notes following the occurrence of a Credit Event;  
(b) 
where the Credit Event Redemption Amount is not determined by an Auction, determining the 
Final Price on the basis of bid quotations from third party dealers; 
(c) 
determining successor Reference Entities for the purposes of the Credit Linked Notes; 
(d) 
determining substitute Reference Obligation(s) for the purposes of the Credit Linked Notes; 
(e) 
following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring, determining the Exercise Amount of 
Credit Linked Notes to which such M(M)R Restructuring applies;  
(f) 
following the occurrence of an Event Determination Date, where an Event Determination Date 
occurred on a date that is different from the date first determined or that no Event Determination 
Date occurred or occurred prior to a preceding Interest Payment Date, determining, acting in its 
sole and absolute discretion, any additional amount payable to the Securityholder(s) or any 
reduction in any subsequent amount that would otherwise subsequently be payable to the 
Securityholders and the date on which such adjustment payment is payable; and 
(g) 
determining whether a Merger Event or Substitution Event Date has occurred. 
Securityholders should note that any determination and/or calculation made by the Calculation Agent 
shall, in the absence of manifest error, be final, conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the 
Securityholders.

--- Page 498 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
470 
 
ANNEX: WORKED EXAMPLES IN RESPECT OF CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
The worked examples below are in respect of Credit Linked Notes (other than Local Access Credit Linked 
Notes) and are included for illustrative purposes only and should not be relied upon. They are not an 
indication of the likely performance of, or amounts payable in respect of, the Credit Linked Notes. 
Prospective investors should conduct their own independent review and obtain such professional advice 
as they deem appropriate prior to any investment in the Credit Linked Notes. 
All amounts in this Annex are denominated in EUR. 
(i) 
SINGLE NAME CREDIT LINKED NOTES AND NTH-TO-DEFAULT BASKET 
CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
Scenario 1: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 40,000,000 in a Single Name Credit Linked Note; 
(b) 
the Specified Denomination of the Note is 40,000,000; 
(c) 
the Credit Linked Notes have not been previously redeemed in full or purchased and 
cancelled; 
(d) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of R1; 
(e) 
a Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event occurs in respect of R1; 
(f) 
"Auction Redemption" is the applicable method of redemption, with an assumed 
Auction Final Price of 65%; and 
(g) 
there are no Unwind Costs. 
 
Based on these assumptions: 
(a) 
the Applicable Proportion (Specified Denomination (40,000,000) x 100%) would be 40,000,000; 
and  
(b) 
the Auction Redemption Amount (Applicable Proportion (40,000,000) x Auction Final Price 
(65%)) would be 26,000,000.  
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies:  
(a) 
26,000,000 is paid on the Auction Redemption Date. Although the investor receives less than par, 
as the Applicable Proportion is written down reducing the original investment to zero, nothing 
remains outstanding.  
(b) 
As no further Credit Events can occur, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (Original 
investment (40,000,000) – sum of Applicable Proportion(s) (40,000,000)) = 0 on the Scheduled 
Maturity Date, i.e. the notional is completely wiped out. Nothing remains to be paid to the 
investor. 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies: 
(a) 
There is no redemption at the time of the Credit Event, i.e. notes redeem only at maturity.  
(b) 
On the Final Auction Redemption Date, the Final Auction Redemption Amount (Original 
investment (40,000,000) – Sum of Applicable Proportions (40,000,000) + Sum of all Auction 
Redemption Amounts (in this case, only a single Auction Redemption Amount exists 
(26,000,000)) is paid. 26,000,000 will be the Final Auction Redemption Amount.

--- Page 499 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
471 
 
Scenario 2: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 40,000,000 in a Single Name Credit Linked Note; 
(b) 
the Specified Denomination of the Note is 40,000,000; 
(c) 
the Credit Linked Notes have not been previously redeemed in full or purchased and 
cancelled; 
(d) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of R1; 
(e) 
an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event occurs in respect of R1 with a partial exercise of 
5,000,000; 
(f) 
"Auction Redemption" is the applicable method of redemption, with an assumed Auction 
Final Price of 65%; and 
(g) 
there are no Unwind Costs. 
 
Based on these assumptions: 
(a) 
the Applicable Proportion (Specified Denomination (40,000,000) x Exercise Amount 
(5,000,000/Original investment (40,000,000)) would be 5,000,000; and  
(b) 
the Auction Redemption Amount (Applicable Proportion (5,000,000) x Auction Final Price 
(65%)) would be 3,250,000.  
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies:  
(a) 
3,250,000 is paid on the Auction Redemption Date. This would be a partial redemption.  
(b) 
If no other Credit Events occur, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (Original 
investment (40,000,000) – Sum of Applicable Proportions (5,000,000)) = 35,000,000 is paid on 
the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies: 
(a) 
There is no redemption at the time of the Credit Event, i.e. notes redeem only at maturity.  
(b) 
On the Final Auction Redemption Date, the Final Auction Redemption Amount (Original 
investment (40,000,000) – Sum of Applicable Proportions (5,000,000) + Sum of all Auction 
Redemption Amounts (in this case, only a single Auction Redemption Amount exists 
(3,250,000)) is paid. 38,250,000 will be the Final Auction Redemption Amount. 
Scenario 3: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 40,000,000 in a Single Name Credit Linked Note; 
(b) 
the Specified Denomination of the Note is 40,000,000; 
(c) 
Scenario 2 (i.e. partial redemption of 5,000,000) has occurred; 
(d) 
the Credit Linked Notes have not been previously purchased or cancelled (but have 
been partially redeemed); 
(e) 
a succession event has occurred in respect of R1 resulting in multiple successors (i.e. 
R1A and R1B); 
(f) 
a (second) Failure to Pay Credit Event occurs in respect of R1A;

--- Page 500 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
472 
 
(g) 
"Auction Redemption" is the applicable method of redemption, with an assumed 
Auction Final Price of 90%; and 
(h) 
there are no Unwind Costs. 
 
Based on these assumptions: 
(a) 
following a Successor determination, the Calculation Agent would have adjusted the aggregate 
nominal amount of the Note equally between the Successors, giving each a partial nominal 
amount of 17,500,000 (Original investment of 40,000,000 is reduced to 35,000,000 following 
the earlier M(M)R Restructuring in respect of R1, leaving a balance aggregate nominal amount 
of 35,000,000. This is divided into 2 for each successor); 
(b) 
the Applicable Proportion (Specified Denomination (40,000,000) x Partial Nominal Amount 
(17,500,000)/Original investment (40,000,000)) would be 17,500,000; and  
(c) 
the Auction Redemption Amount (Applicable Proportion (17,500,000) x Auction Final Price 
(90%)) would be 15,750,000.  
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies:  
(a) 
15,750,000 is paid on the Auction Redemption Date. This would be a partial redemption.  
(b) 
If no other Credit Events occur, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (Original 
investment (40,000,000) – Sum of Applicable Proportions (5,000,000 (for M(M)R 
Restructuring) + 17,500,000 (for Failure to Pay)) = 17,500,000 (Unexercised portion in respect 
of Reference Entity R1B) is paid on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies: 
(a) 
There is no redemption at the time of the Credit Event, i.e. notes redeem only at maturity.  
(b) 
On the Final Auction Redemption Date, the Final Auction Redemption Amount (Original 
investment (40,000,000) – Sum of Applicable Proportions (5,000,000 (for (M(M)R 
Restructuring) + 17,500,000 (for Failure to Pay)) + Sum of all Auction Redemption Amounts 
(3,250,000 (M(M)R Restructuring) + 15,750,000 (Failure to Pay)) is paid. 36,500,000 will be 
Final Auction Redemption Amount. 
Scenario 4: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 40,000,000 in an Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note, with the 
basket comprising three Reference Entities, R1 and R2 (where 'n' = 3); 
(b) 
the Specified Denomination of the Note is 40,000,000; 
(c) 
an M(M)R Restructuring has occurred in respect of R1;  
(d) 
the Credit Linked Notes have not been previously purchased or cancelled (but have 
been partially redeemed); 
(e) 
a (second) Failure to Pay Credit Event occurs in respect of R3; 
(f) 
"Auction Redemption" is the applicable method of redemption, with an assumed 
Auction Final Price of 65%; and 
(g) 
there are no Unwind Costs. 
 
Based on these assumptions:

--- Page 501 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
473 
 
(a) 
the first Credit Event in respect of R1 will be disregarded (since it isn't the nth Reference Entity); 
(b) 
the second Credit Event in respect of R3 will be relevant (since it is the nth Reference Entity); 
(c) 
the Applicable Proportion (Specified Denomination (40,000,000) x 100%) would be 
40,000,000; and  
(d) 
the Auction Redemption Amount (Applicable Proportion (40,000,000) x Auction Final Price 
(65%)) would be 26,000,000.  
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies:  
(a) 
26,000,000 is paid on the Auction Redemption Date.  
(b) 
As no further Credit Events can occur, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (Original 
investment (40,000,000) – Sum of Applicable Proportions (40,000,000)) = 0 on the Scheduled 
Maturity Date, i.e. the notional is completely wiped out. Nothing remains to be paid to the 
investor. 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies: 
(a) 
There is no redemption at the time of the Credit Event, i.e. notes redeem only at maturity.  
(b) 
On the Final Auction Redemption Date, the Final Auction Redemption Amount (Original 
investment (40,000,000) – Sum of Applicable Proportions (40,000,000) + Sum of all Auction 
Redemption Amounts (in this case, only a single Auction Redemption Amount exists 
(26,000,000)) is paid. 26,000,000 will be the Final Auction Redemption Amount.  
(ii) 
LINEAR BASKET CREDIT LINKED NOTES AND INDEX UNTRANCHED CREDIT 
LINKED NOTES 
Scenario 1: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 40,000,000 in a Linear Basket Credit Linked Note, with the basket 
comprising four equally weighted Reference Entities, R1, R2, R3 and R4; 
(b) 
the Specified Denomination of the Note is 40,000,000; 
(c) 
the Credit Linked Notes have not been previously redeemed in full or purchased and 
cancelled; 
(d) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of any Reference Entity; 
(e) 
a Bankruptcy Credit Event occurs in respect of R1; 
(f) 
"Auction Redemption" is the applicable method of redemption, with an assumed 
Auction Final Price of 65%; and 
(g) 
there are no Unwind Costs. 
 
Based on these assumptions:  
(a) 
since the four Reference Entities are equally weighted (i.e. 25% each), the Reference Entity 
Notional Amount = 10,000,000 per Reference Entity; 
(b) 
the Applicable Proportion (Specified Denomination (40,000,000) x Reference Entity Notional 
Amount (10,000,000/Original investment (40,000,000)) would be 10,000,000; and  
(c) 
the Auction Redemption Amount (Applicable Proportion (10,000,000) x Auction Final Price 
(65%)) would be 6,500,000.

--- Page 502 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
474 
 
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies:  
(a) 
6,500,000 is paid on the Auction Redemption Date. This would be a partial redemption.  
(b) 
If no other Credit Events occur, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (Original 
investment (40,000,000) – Sum of Applicable Proportions (10,000,000)) = 30,000,000 is paid 
on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies: 
(a) 
There is no redemption at the time of the Credit Event, i.e. notes redeem only at maturity.  
(b) 
On the Final Auction Redemption Date, the Final Auction Redemption Amount (Original 
investment (40,000,000) – Sum of Applicable Proportions (10,000,000) + Sum of all Auction 
Redemption Amounts (in this case, only a single Auction Redemption Amount exists 
(6,500,000)) is paid. 36,500,000 will be the Final Auction Redemption Amount. 
Scenario 2: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 40,000,000 in a Linear Basket Credit Linked Note, with the basket 
comprising four equally weighted Reference Entities, R1, R2, R3 and R4; 
(b) 
the Specified Denomination of the Note is 40,000,000; 
(c) 
the Credit Linked Notes have not been previously redeemed in full or purchased and 
cancelled; 
(d) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of any Reference Entity; 
(e) 
Scenario 1 (i.e. partial redemption of 10,000,000) has occurred; 
(f) 
a (second) M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event occurs in respect of R2 with a partial 
exercise of 5,000,000; 
(g) 
"Auction Redemption" is the applicable method of redemption, with an assumed 
Auction Final Price of 65%; and 
(h) 
there are no Unwind Costs. 
 
Based on these assumptions:  
(a) 
the Applicable Proportion (Specified Denomination (40,000,000) x Exercise Amount 
(5,000,000/Original investment (40,000,000)) would be 5,000,000; and  
(b) 
the Auction Redemption Amount (Applicable Proportion (5,000,000) x Auction Final Price 
(65%)) would be 3,250,000.  
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies:  
(a) 
3,250,000 is paid on the Auction Redemption Date. This would be a partial redemption.  
(b) 
If no other Credit Events occur, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (Original 
investment (40,000,000) – Sum of Applicable Proportions (10,000,000 (for Bankruptcy) + 
5,000,000 (for M(M)R Restructuring)) = 25,000,000 is paid on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies: 
(a) 
There is no redemption at the time of the Credit Event, i.e. notes redeem only at maturity.  
(b) 
On the Final Auction Redemption Date, the Final Auction Redemption Amount (Original 
investment (40,000,000) – Sum of Applicable Proportions (10,000,000 (for Bankruptcy) +

--- Page 503 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
475 
 
5,000,000 (for M(M)R Restructuring)) + Sum of all Auction Redemption Amounts (6,500,000 
(for Bankruptcy) + 3,250,000 (for M(M)R Restructuring)) is paid. 34,750,000 will be the Final 
Auction Redemption Amount. 
Scenario 3: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 40,000,000 in a Linear Basket Credit Linked Note, with the basket 
comprising four equally weighted Reference Entities, R1, R2, R3 and R4; 
(b) 
the Specified Denomination of the Note is 40,000,000; 
(c) 
Scenario 1 (i.e. partial redemption of 10,000,000) has occurred; 
(d) 
Scenario 2 (i.e. partial redemption of 5,000,000) has occurred; 
(e) 
the Credit Linked Notes have not been previously purchased or cancelled (but have 
been partially redeemed); 
(f) 
a succession event has occurred in respect of R2 resulting in multiple successors (i.e. 
R2A and R2B); 
(g) 
a (third) Failure to Pay Credit Event occurs in respect of R2A; 
(h) 
"Auction Redemption" is the applicable method of redemption, with an assumed 
Auction Final Price of 90%; and 
(i) 
there are no Unwind Costs. 
 
Based on these assumptions:  
(a) 
following a Successor determination, the Calculation Agent would have adjusted the 
outstanding Reference Entity Notional Amount equally between the Successors, giving each a 
partial nominal amount of 2,500,000 (Original Reference Entity Notional Amount of 
10,000,000 is reduced to 5,000,000 following the earlier M(M)R Restructuring in respect of R2, 
leaving a balance aggregate nominal amount of 5,000,000. This is divided into 2 for each 
successor);  
(b) 
the Applicable Proportion (Specified Denomination (40,000,000) x Partial Nominal Amount 
(2,500,000/Original investment (40,000,000)) would be 2,500,000; and 
(c) 
the Auction Redemption Amount (Applicable Proportion (2,500,000) x Auction Final Price 
(90%)) would be 2,250,000.  
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies:  
(a) 
2,250,000 is paid on the Auction Redemption Date. This would be a partial redemption.  
(b) 
If no other Credit Events occur, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (Original 
investment (40,000,000) – Sum of Applicable Proportions (10,000,000 (for Bankruptcy) + 
5,000,000 (for M(M)R Restructuring) + 2,500,000 (Failure to Pay)) = 22,500,000 (being the 
total Reference Entity Notional Amounts of unaffected Reference Entities R3 and R4 and the 
unexercised portion of R2) is paid on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies: 
(a) 
There is no redemption at the time of the Credit Event, i.e. notes redeem only at maturity.  
(b) 
On the Final Auction Redemption Date, the Final Auction Redemption Amount (Original 
investment (40,000,000) – Sum of Applicable Proportions (10,000,000 (for Bankruptcy) + 
5,000,000 (for M(M)R Restructuring) + 2,500,000 (Failure to Pay)) + Sum of all Auction

--- Page 504 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
476 
 
Redemption Amounts (6,500,000 (for Bankruptcy) + 3,250,000 (for M(M)R Restructuring) + 
2,250,000 (Failure to Pay)) is paid. 34,500,000 will be the Final Auction Redemption Amount.  
(iii) 
INDEX TRANCHED CREDIT LINKED NOTES AND PORTFOLIO TRANCHED 
CREDIT LINKED NOTES  
Scenario 1: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 10,000,000 in an Index Tranched Credit Linked Note, with the Index 
comprising 100 equally weighted Reference Entities and the Tranche being 0-5%; 
(b) 
the Specified Denomination of the Note is 10,000,000; 
(c) 
the Credit Linked Notes have not been previously redeemed in full or purchased and 
cancelled; 
(d) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of any Reference Entity; 
(e) 
a Credit Event (regardless of whether M(M)R Restructuring or not) occurs in respect 
of Rx; 
(f) 
"Auction Redemption" is the applicable method of redemption, with an assumed 
Auction Final Price of 65%; and  
(g) 
there are no Unwind Costs. 
 
Based on these assumptions:  
(a) 
the Implicit Portfolio Size (i.e. Original investment (10,000,000)/ Tranche Size (5%)) = 
200,000,000; 
(b) 
since the 100 Reference Entities are equally weighted (i.e. 1% each), the Reference Entity 
Notional Amount (i.e. Implicit Portfolio Size (200,000,000)/ Reference Entity Weighting (1%)) 
= 2,000,000 per Reference Entity; 
(c) 
the Loss Threshold Amount (i.e. Implicit Portfolio Size (200,000,000) x Attachment Point (0%)) 
= 0; 
(d) 
the Recovery Threshold (i.e. Implicit Portfolio Size (200,000,000) x (100% - Detachment Point 
(5%)) = 190,000,000; 
(e) 
the Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount is calculated as the lowest of (x) the Loss Amount; 
(y) the Aggregate Loss Amount minus the Loss Threshold Amount (subject to Min Zero); and 
(z) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (before applying any current default 
reduction). In this case: 
- 
the Loss Amount (i.e. Reference Entity Notional Amount for Rx (2,000,000) x (100% - 
Auction Final Price (65%)) = 700,000. 
- 
as the first Credit Event, the Aggregate Loss Amount would be 700,000 and after 
deducting the Loss Threshold amount of 0, the calculation for (y) would be 700,000.   
- 
given the original investment of 10,000,000, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount (disregarding any reduction in respect of the current Credit Event) would be 
10,000,000. 
Based on the above, the lowest of (x), (y) and (z) would be 700,000. Therefore, the Index 
Tranched Incurred Loss Amount would be 700,000. 
(f) 
the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount is calculated as the lowest of (x) the Recovery 
Amount; (y) the Aggregate Recovery Amount minus the Recovery Threshold Amount (subject

--- Page 505 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
477 
 
to Min Zero); and (z) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (before applying any 
current default reduction). In this case: 
- 
the Recovery Amount (i.e. Reference Entity Notional Amount for Rx (2,000,000) x 
Auction Final Price (65%)) = 1,300,000. 
- 
as the first Credit Event, the Aggregate Recovery Amount would be 1,300,000. If we 
deducted the Recovery Threshold Amount of 190,000,000, this would be floored at zero 
given it is a negative number and the calculation for (y) would be 0. 
- 
given the original investment of 10,000,000, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount (disregarding any reduction in respect of the current Credit Event) would be 
10,000,000. 
Based on the above, the lowest of (x), (y) and (z) would be 0. Therefore, the Index Tranched 
Incurred Recovery Amount would be 0. 
(g) 
the Principal Writedown Amount (i.e. the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount (0) + the 
Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount (700,000) = 700,000. 
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies:  
(a) 
The Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount is reduced by 700,000 (i.e. the Principal 
Writedown Amount) with effect from 1 Business Day following the Event Determination Date. 
This would be a partial writedown. 
(b) 
The Index Tranched Redemption Amount will be zero (since there is no incurred recovery) and 
accordingly, no redemption amounts are payable to the investor.  
(c) 
If no other Credit Events occur, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (Original 
investment (10,000,000) – Sum of Principal Writedown Amounts (700,000)) = 9,300,000 is 
paid on the Scheduled Maturity Date.  
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies: 
(a) 
There is a writedown at the time of each Credit Event, but the notes redeem only at maturity.  
(b) 
On the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount (Original 
investment (10,000,000) – Sum of Principal Writedown Amounts (700,000) + Sum of all Index 
Tranched Redemption Amounts (in this case, 0)) is paid. 9,300,000 will be the Index Tranched 
Final Redemption Amount. 
Scenario 2: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 10,000,000 in an Index Tranched Credit Linked Note, with the Index 
comprising 100 equally weighted Reference Entities and the Tranche being 0-5%; 
(b) 
the Specified Denomination of the Note is 10,000,000; 
(c) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of any Reference Entity; 
(d) 
Scenario 1 (i.e. partial writedown of 700,000) has occurred; 
(e) 
the Credit Linked Notes have not been previously purchased or cancelled (but have 
been partially written down); 
(f) 
five Credit Events occur (with each having the same Event Determination Date) in 
respect of Rx; 
(g) 
"Auction Redemption" is the applicable method of redemption, with an assumed 
Auction Final Price of 0%; and

--- Page 506 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
478 
 
(h) 
there are no Unwind Costs. 
 
Based on these assumptions:  
(a) 
the Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount is calculated as the lowest of (x) the Loss Amount; 
(y) the Aggregate Loss Amount minus the Loss Threshold Amount (subject to Min Zero); and 
(z) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (before applying any current default 
reduction). In this case: 
- 
the Loss Amount (i.e. Reference Entity Notional Amount for 5 Reference Entities 
(2,000,000 x 5) x (100% - Auction Final Price (0%)) = 10,000,000. 
- 
the Aggregate Loss Amount (including the loss of 700,000 in respect of the first Credit 
Event) and after deducting the Loss Threshold amount of 0 would be 10,700,000.   
- 
Given the original investment of 10,000,000, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount (including the previous writedown of 700,000) would be 9,300,000. 
Based on the above, the lowest of (x), (y) and (z) would be 9,300,000. Therefore, the Index 
Tranched Incurred Loss Amount would be 9,300,000. 
(b) 
the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount is calculated as the lowest of (x) the Recovery 
Amount; (y) the Aggregate Recovery Amount minus the Recovery Threshold Amount (subject 
to Min Zero); and (z) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (before applying any 
current default reduction). In this case: 
- 
the Recovery Amount (i.e. Reference Entity Notional Amount for 5 Reference Entities 
(2,000,000 x 5) x Auction Final Price (0%)) = 0. 
- 
the Aggregate Recovery Amount (including the recovery of 1,300,000 in respect of the 
first Credit Event) would be 0. If we deducted the Recovery Threshold Amount of 
190,000,000, this would be floored at zero given it is a negative number and the 
calculation for (y) would be 0. 
- 
Given the original investment of 10,000,000, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount (including the previous writedown of 700,000) would be 9,300,000. 
Based on the above, the lowest of (x), (y) and (z) would be 0. Therefore, the Index Tranched 
Incurred Recovery Amount would be 0. 
(c) 
the Principal Writedown Amount (i.e. the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount (0) + the 
Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount (9,300,000) = 9,300,000. 
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies:  
(a) 
The Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount is further reduced by 9,300,000 (i.e. the Principal 
Writedown Amount) with effect from 1 Business Day following the Event Determination Date. 
This would be a partial writedown. 
(b) 
The Index Tranched Redemption Amount will be zero (since there is no incurred recovery) and 
accordingly, no redemption amounts are payable to the investor.  
(c) 
If no other Credit Events occur, the Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount (Original 
investment (10,000,000) – Sum of Principal Writedown Amounts (700,000 + 9,300,000) + Sum 
of all Index Tranched Redemption Amounts (in this case, 0) = 0 on the Scheduled Maturity 
Date, i.e. the notional is completely wiped out. Nothing remains to be paid to the investor. 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies: 
(a) 
There is a writedown at the time of each Credit Event, but the notes redeem only at maturity.

--- Page 507 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
479 
 
(b) 
On the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount (Original 
investment (10,000,000) – Sum of Principal Writedown Amounts (700,000 + 9,300,000) + Sum 
of all Index Tranched Redemption Amounts (in this case, 0) = 0, i.e. the notional is completely 
wiped out. Nothing remains to be paid to the investor. 
Scenario 3: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 10,000,000 in a Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note, with the 
portfolio comprising 100 equally weighted Reference Entities and the Tranche being 
80-100%; 
(b) 
the Specified Denomination of the Note is 10,000,000; 
(c) 
the Credit Linked Notes have not been previously redeemed in full or purchased and 
cancelled; 
(d) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of any Reference Entity; 
(e) 
a Credit Event (regardless of whether M(M)R Restructuring or not) occurs in respect 
of Rx; 
(f) 
"Auction Redemption" is the applicable method of redemption, with an assumed 
Auction Final Price of 65%; and  
(g) 
there are no Unwind Costs. 
 
Based on these assumptions:  
(a) 
the Implicit Portfolio Size (i.e. Original investment (10,000,000)/ Tranche Size (20%)) = 
50,000,000; 
(b) 
since the 100 Reference Entities are equally weighted (i.e. 1% each), the Reference Entity 
Notional Amount (i.e. Implicit Portfolio Size (50,000,000) x Reference Entity Weighting (1%)) 
= 500,000 per Reference Entity; 
(c) 
the Loss Threshold Amount (i.e. Implicit Portfolio Size (50,000,000) x Attachment Point (80%)) 
= 40,000,000; 
(d) 
the Recovery Threshold Amount (i.e. Implicit Portfolio Size (200,000,000) x (100% - 
Detachment Point (100%)) = 0; 
(e) 
the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount is calculated as the lowest of (x) the Loss Amount; 
(y) the Aggregate Loss Amount minus the Loss Threshold Amount (subject to Min Zero); and 
(z) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (before applying any current default 
reduction). In this case: 
- 
the Loss Amount (i.e. Reference Entity Notional Amount for Rx (500,000) x (100% - 
Auction Final Price (65%)) = 175,000. 
- 
as the first Credit Event, the Aggregate Loss Amount would be 175,000. If we deducted 
the Loss Threshold Amount of 40,000,000, this would be floored at zero given it is a 
negative number and the calculation for (y) would be 0. 
- 
given the Original investment of 10,000,000, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount 
(disregarding any reduction in respect of the current Credit Event) would be 10,000,000. 
Based on the above, the lowest of (x), (y) and (z) would be 0. Therefore, the Portfolio 
Tranched Incurred Loss Amount would be 0. 
(f) 
the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount is calculated as the lowest of (x) the 
Recovery Amount; (y) the Aggregate Recovery Amount minus the Recovery Threshold Amount

--- Page 508 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
480 
 
(subject to Min Zero); and (z) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (before applying 
any current default reduction). In this case: 
- 
the Recovery Amount (i.e. Reference Entity Notional Amount for Rx (500,000) x 
Auction Final Price (65%)) = 325,000. 
- 
as the first Credit Event, the Aggregate Recovery Amount would be 325,000 and after 
deducting the Recovery Threshold Amount of 0, the calculation for (y) would be 
325,000. 
- 
given the original investment of 10,000,000, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount (disregarding any reduction in respect of the current Credit Event) would be 
10,000,000. 
Based on the above, the lowest of (x), (y) and (z) would be 325,000. Therefore, the Portfolio 
Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount would be 325,000. 
(g) 
the Principal Writedown Amount (i.e. the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount 
(325,000) + the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount (0) = 325,000. 
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies:  
(a) 
The Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount is reduced by 325,000 (i.e. the Principal 
Writedown Amount) with effect from 1 Business Day following the Event Determination Date. 
This would be a partial writedown. 
(b) 
325,000 (i.e. the Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount = Portfolio Tranched Incurred 
Recovery Amount) is paid on the Auction Redemption Date.  
(c) 
If no other Credit Events occur, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (Original 
investment (10,000,000) – Sum of Principal Writedown Amounts (325,000)) = 9,675,000 is 
paid on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies: 
(a) 
There is a writedown at the time of each Credit Event, but the notes redeem only at maturity.  
(b) 
On the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Portfolio Tranched Final Redemption Amount (Original 
investment (10,000,000) – Sum of Principal Writedown Amounts (325,000) + Sum of all 
Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amounts (325,000)) is paid. 10,000,000 will be the Portfolio 
Tranched Final Redemption Amount. 
Scenario 4: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 10,000,000 in a Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note, with the 
portfolio comprising 100 equally weighted Reference Entities and the Tranche being 
80-100%; 
(b) 
the Specified Denomination of the Note is 10,000,000; 
(c) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of any Reference Entity; 
(d) 
Scenario 2 (i.e. partial writedown of 325,000) has occurred; 
(e) 
the Credit Linked Notes have not been previously purchased or cancelled (but have 
been partially written down); 
(f) 
90 Credit Events occur (with each having the same Event Determination Date) in 
respect of Rx; 
(g) 
"Auction Redemption" is the applicable method of redemption, with an assumed 
Auction Final Price of 10%; and

--- Page 509 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
481 
 
(h) 
there are no Unwind Costs. 
 
Based on these assumptions:  
(a) 
the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount is calculated as the lowest of (x) the Loss Amount; 
(y) the Aggregate Loss Amount minus the Loss Threshold Amount (subject to Min Zero); and 
(z) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (before applying any current default 
reduction). In this case: 
- 
the Loss Amount (i.e. Reference Entity Notional Amount for 90 Reference Entities 
(500,000 x 90) x (100% - Auction Final Price (10%)) = 40,500,000. 
- 
the Aggregate Loss Amount (including the loss of 175,000 in respect of the first Credit 
Event) and after deducting the Loss Threshold Amount of 40,000,000 would be 675,000.   
- 
Given the original investment of 10,000,000, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount (including the previous writedown of 325,000) would be 9,675,000. 
Based on the above, the lowest of (x), (y) and (z) would be 675,000. Therefore, the Portfolio 
Tranched Incurred Loss Amount would be 675,000. 
(b) 
the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount is calculated as the lowest of (x) the 
Recovery Amount; (y) the Aggregate Recovery Amount minus the Recovery Threshold Amount 
(subject to Min Zero); and (z) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (before applying 
any current default reduction). In this case: 
- 
the Recovery Amount (i.e. Reference Entity Notional Amount for 90 Reference Entities 
(500,000 x 90) x Auction Final Price (10%)) = 4,500,000. 
- 
the Aggregate Recovery Amount (including the recovery of 325,000 in respect of the 
first Credit Event) and after deducting the Recovery Threshold amount of 0 would be 
4,825,000. 
- 
given the original investment of 10,000,000, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount (including the previous writedown of 325,000) would be 9,675,000. 
Based on the above, the lowest of (x), (y) and (z) would be 4,500,000. Therefore, the 
Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount would be 4,500,000. 
(c) 
the Principal Writedown Amount (i.e. the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount 
4,500,000) + the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount (675,000) = 5,175,000. 
If "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies:  
(a) 
The Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount is further reduced by 5,175,000 (i.e. the Principal 
Writedown Amount) with effect from 1 Business Day following the Event Determination Date. 
This would be a partial writedown. 
(b) 
4,500,000 (i.e. the Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount = Portfolio Tranched Incurred 
Recovery Amount) is paid on the Auction Redemption Date.  
(c) 
If no other Credit Events occur, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (Original 
investment (10,000,000) – Sum of Principal Writedown Amounts (325,000 + 5,175,000)) = 
4,500,000 is paid on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
If "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies: 
(a) 
There is a writedown at the time of each Credit Event, but the notes redeem only at maturity.  
(b) 
On the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Portfolio Tranched Final Redemption Amount (Original 
investment (10,000,000) – Sum of Principal Writedown Amounts (325,000 + 5,175,000) + Sum

--- Page 510 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
482 
 
of all Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amounts (325,000 + 4,500,000) is paid. 9,325,000 will 
be the Portfolio Tranched Final Redemption Amount. 
Note: In respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the examples above assume that no Credit 
Events have occurred in respect of Reference Entities referenced by the relevant Index at the Trade 
Date (or prior to the Issue Date). If such Credit Events have occurred, the incurred loss amounts and 
incurred recovery amounts in respect of such Reference Entities (i.e. the Settled Entities) would need 
to be factored in while calculating the aggregate losses and aggregate recoveries and the Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount would need to be reduced by the settled entity incurred loss and settled 
entity incurred recovery on the Issue Date.

--- Page 511 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
483 
 
PART B: CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
The Credit Linked Conditions of the Securities set out the specific terms and conditions that apply to only 
Credit Linked Notes. 
The Credit Linked Conditions set out the economic or 'payout' terms of the Credit Linked Notes. These 
are optional provisions and only certain of these terms will apply to the relevant Series of Credit Linked 
Notes. The applicable Issue Terms will specify which of the provisions apply to that Series of Credit 
Linked Notes. 
The following are the conditions (the Credit Linked Conditions) that will apply to the Notes if the 
relevant Issue Terms provides that "Credit Linked Notes" is applicable (the Credit Linked Notes). These 
Credit Linked Conditions apply as completed by the relevant Final Terms or as completed, modified 
and/or supplemented by the relevant Pricing Supplement, as applicable. In the case of any inconsistency 
between these Credit Linked Conditions and the General Conditions, these Credit Linked Conditions will 
prevail. For the avoidance of doubt, any clarificatory language herein in bold and italicised shall not 
form part of the Credit Linked Conditions. 
Words and expressions defined or used in the relevant Issue Terms shall have the same meanings where 
used in these Credit Linked Conditions or General Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or 
unless otherwise stated. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Credit Linked Conditions or 
elsewhere in the General Conditions which are applicable to the Credit Linked Notes will have the 
meanings given to them in the relevant Issue Terms. References in these Credit Linked Conditions to 
"Credit Linked Notes" are to the Credit Linked Notes, as the case may be, of one Series only, not to all 
Credit Linked Notes that may be issued under the Programme. In respect of Credit Linked Notes which 
specify more than one Reference Entity in the relevant Issue Terms, all references in these Credit Linked 
Conditions to "the Reference Entity" shall be construed to refer to "a Reference Entity" or the "relevant 
Reference Entity" in respect of which the relevant determination is made at any relevant time and all 
related provisions and determinations will be construed accordingly. 
Unless otherwise specified, references in these Credit Linked Conditions to a Credit Linked Condition 
are to the corresponding provision of these Credit Linked Conditions. 
1. 
Redemption of Credit Linked Notes 
(a) 
Redemption on the Scheduled Maturity Date where no Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk 
Event has occurred 
Unless the Credit Linked Notes have been previously redeemed in full or purchased and 
cancelled by the Issuer, provided that a Relevant Event Determination Date or a Relevant Risk 
Event Determination Date, as applicable, has not occurred and subject to Credit Linked 
Condition 13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), each outstanding Credit Linked Note shall 
be redeemed on the Scheduled Maturity Date at the Maturity Redemption Amount.  
(b) 
Redemption following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or a Relevant Risk Event 
Unless previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, if a Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, and a corresponding Relevant Event Determination Date or 
a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, has occurred:  
(i) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Single Name Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer will redeem 
such Credit Linked Notes (in whole or in part) in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 3 (Single Name Credit Linked Notes); 
(ii) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer will 
redeem such Credit Linked Notes (in whole or in part) in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 4 (Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes); 
(iii) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer will redeem 
such Credit Linked Notes (in whole or in part) in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 5 (Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes);

--- Page 512 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
484 
 
(iv) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer will 
redeem such Credit Linked Notes (in whole or in part) in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 6 (Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes); 
(v) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer will write 
down such Credit Linked Notes (in whole or in part) in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 7 (Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes); 
(vi) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer will 
write down such Credit Linked Notes (in whole or in part) in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 8 (Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes); and  
(vii) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer will redeem 
such Credit Linked Notes (in whole or in part) in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 9 (Local Access Credit Linked Notes), 
in each case subject to Credit Linked Conditions 14 (M(M)R Restructuring), 21 (Effect of DC 
Resolutions), 22 (Successor Provisions) or in the case of Local Access Credit Linked Notes 
only, Credit Linked Condition 9(g) (Adjustment following a Regulatory Change Event), as 
applicable.  
Upon discharge by the Issuer of its payment or delivery obligations on the relevant Credit Event 
Redemption Date (or, if the Issuer does not have any payment or delivery obligations, upon the 
occurrence of the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date) pursuant to Credit Linked Conditions 
15 (Auction Redemption Terms), 16 (Cash Redemption Terms), 17 (Physical Redemption 
Terms) or 18 (Fixed Recovery Redemption Terms), as applicable, or otherwise provided herein, 
the Issuer's obligations in respect of such portion of each Credit Linked Note affected by the 
Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, shall be discharged in full.  
As a result of one or more Credit Events or Risk Events, as applicable, Securityholders may 
receive less than the principal amount of a Credit Linked Note (and such amount may be 
zero). Any shortfall shall be borne by the Securityholders and no liability shall attach to the 
Issuer. 
(c) 
Early redemption other than following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or a Relevant 
Risk Event 
If the Credit Linked Notes are redeemed early: 
(i) 
pursuant to General Condition 6(b) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons and Redemption 
for Illegality), Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(h) (Early Redemption Events), 
General Condition 6(e) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) or General Condition 
11 (Events of Default);  
(ii) 
following, if applicable, a Merger Event pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 19 
(Redemption upon Merger Event); or 
(iii) 
following, if applicable, the redemption in whole of the Reference Obligation pursuant 
to Credit Linked Condition 24(c) (Redemption in respect of Reference Obligation Only 
Series),  
each outstanding Credit Linked Note shall be redeemed by payment of its Early Redemption 
Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Merger Redemption Amount or Substitution Event 
Redemption Amount, as applicable, on the Early Redemption Date, Optional Redemption Date 
or Substitution Event Date, as applicable, in each case, in accordance with the applicable 
General Condition or Credit Linked Conditions. 
Notwithstanding anything contained in these Credit Linked Conditions, if a Relevant Credit 
Event or a Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, occurs immediately after an event triggering early 
redemption of the Credit Linked Notes (as described above), the occurrence of the Relevant 
Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, will be disregarded (to the extent that the 
relevant Credit Linked Notes have not already been redeemed in full and cancelled) and the

--- Page 513 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
485 
 
Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Merger Redemption Amount or 
Substitution Event Redemption Amount, as applicable, payable to Securityholders will be 
determined on the basis of the event triggering early redemption of the Credit Linked Notes 
only. 
2. 
Interest on Credit Linked Notes 
(a) 
Accrual of Interest where a Relevant Event Determination Date or a Relevant Risk Event 
Determination Date has not occurred 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 2(c) (Suspension of Interest following an Applicable DC 
Credit Event Question, a potential Credit Event or a potential Risk Event), and provided that 
the Credit Linked Notes have not been previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled: 
(i) 
in respect of Credit Linked Notes other than Local Access Credit Linked Notes, interest 
(if any) shall accrue on the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked 
Notes in accordance with General Condition 5 (Interest) (as completed by the relevant 
Final Terms or as completed, modified and/or supplemented by the relevant Pricing 
Supplement, as applicable) to (but excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date, subject to 
Credit Linked Conditions 3 (Single Name Credit Linked Notes), 4 (Nth-to-Default Basket 
Credit Linked Notes), 5 (Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes), 6 (Index Untranched Credit 
Linked Notes), 7 (Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes) and 8 (Portfolio Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes); and 
(ii) 
in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the LA Interest Amount specified in 
respect of each Interest Payment Date in the relevant Issue Terms shall be payable in the 
Settlement Currency on such Interest Payment Date, subject to Credit Linked Condition 
9 (Local Access Credit Linked Notes).  
For the avoidance of doubt, no interest shall accrue on any Credit Linked Note on or after 
the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(b) 
Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 5 (Interest), following the 
occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, and a 
corresponding Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, 
as applicable, the payment of interest (if any) in respect of the Applicable Proportion of each 
relevant Credit Linked Note (other than a Local Access Credit Linked Note) or the payment of 
the LA Interest Amount (if any) in respect of each Local Access Credit Linked Note on the 
relevant Interest Payment Date, as determined in accordance with and subject to Credit Linked 
Conditions 3 (Single Name Credit Linked Notes), 4 (Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes), 
5 (Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes), 6 (Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes), 7 (Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes), 8 (Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes) or 9 (Local Access 
Credit Linked Notes), as applicable, will be suspended as of: 
(i) 
if "No Interest Accrual on Default" applies in the relevant Issue Terms: 
(x) 
the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event 
Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable; or 
(y) 
where there is no Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant 
Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as 
applicable, the Issue Date; or 
(ii) 
if "Interest Accrual on Default" applies in the relevant Issue Terms, the first Business 
Day immediately following the Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk 
Event Determination Date, as applicable. 
In such case,

--- Page 514 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
486 
 
(x)  
in respect of each relevant Credit Linked Note (other than a Local Access Credit 
Linked Note), interest shall accrue on the Applicable Proportion of such Credit 
Linked Note: 
(I)  
from (and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the 
Relevant Event Determination Date, or, (where there is no Interest 
Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination 
Date), the Issue Date 
(II)  
to (and including) the Relevant Event Determination Date; or 
(y)  
in respect of each relevant Local Access Credit Linked Note, the LA Interest 
Amount corresponding to the relevant Interest Payment Date shall be payable if, 
and only if, an Interest Payment Date occurs during the period: 
(I)  
from (and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the 
Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, or, (where there is no Interest 
Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Risk Event 
Determination Date), the Issue Date 
(II)  
to (and including) the Relevant Risk Event Determination Date. 
(c) 
Suspension of Interest following an Applicable DC Credit Event Question, a potential Credit 
Event or a potential Risk Event 
Subject to Credit Linked Conditions 2(d) (Payment of Suspended Interest following 
announcement by the DC Secretary or determination by the Calculation Agent), 2(e) (Payment 
of Suspended Interest and reduction of future Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event) and 13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), if, on or 
prior to an Interest Payment Date, the Calculation Agent determines that: 
(i) 
an Applicable DC Credit Event Question has been submitted in respect of which a DC 
Resolution (including, but not limited to, a DC Credit Event Announcement, a DC No 
Credit Event Announcement or a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal) has not been 
published or the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has not resolved whether 
it will convene a meeting to Resolve the Applicable DC Credit Event Question; or 
(ii) 
a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, and corresponding 
Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as 
applicable, could occur but no Credit Event Notice or Risk Event Notice, as applicable, 
has been provided to the Issuer and/or the Securityholders,  
the payment of any interest in respect of the Applicable Proportion or of the LA Interest Amount, 
as applicable, will be suspended as of the Interest Payment Date on or immediately preceding 
the Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as 
applicable, or, where there is no Interest Payment Date immediately preceding such Relevant 
Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, the Issue 
Date, notwithstanding that a Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event 
Determination Date, as applicable, has not then occurred provided that, in respect of Local 
Access Credit Linked Notes only, if the Calculation Agent determines that the payment of LA 
Interest Amount for the relevant Interest Payment Date need not be suspended (due to such 
payment being unaffected by the potential Risk Event or otherwise), such suspension will not 
apply and the LA Interest Amount will be payable as usual on the relevant Interest Payment 
Date.  
The Issuer shall endeavour to give notice to the Securityholders in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 26 (Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable if any payment of interest on 
their Notes is suspended pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 2(c) (Suspension of Interest 
following an Applicable DC Credit Event Question, a potential Credit Event or a potential Risk 
Event).

--- Page 515 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
487 
 
The Applicable Proportion of each relevant Credit Linked Note shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent (i) on the assumption that (x) a Relevant Credit Event would result in a 
Relevant Event Determination Date (y) the Relevant Credit Event will not be an M(M)R 
Restructuring and (z) where any Auction Final Price or Final Price, as applicable, is required to 
determine the portion of the Credit Linked Notes subject to interest suspension, a Fixed 
Recovery Percentage of zero per cent. will apply and (ii) in accordance with Credit Linked 
Conditions 3 (Single Name Credit Linked Notes), 4 (Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes), 
5 (Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes), 6 (Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes), 7 (Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes) and 8 (Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes), as applicable. 
Except for such portion of interest that is suspended in respect of each Credit Linked Note, 
payment of any interest on the remaining portion of the relevant Credit Linked Note (which is 
unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event, as applicable), if applicable, 
will be payable to Securityholders as usual on the relevant Interest Payment Date. 
(d) 
Payment of Suspended Interest following announcement by the DC Secretary or determination 
by the Calculation Agent  
If: 
(i) 
in connection with an Applicable DC Credit Event Question: 
A. 
an Applicable DC No Credit Event Announcement occurs; or 
B.  
an Applicable DC Credit Event Question Dismissal occurs or the DC Secretary 
announces that the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will not be 
convening to Resolve the relevant Applicable DC Credit Event Question;   
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent determines that a Relevant Event Determination Date or a 
Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, can no longer occur; or 
(iii) 
the LA Cut-Off Date in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes has occurred, 
as applicable, payment of the suspended interest will be made no later than 10 Business Days 
following (I) in the case of sub-paragraph (A) above, the relevant announcement by the DC 
Secretary or (II) otherwise, the date on which the Calculation Agent determines that a Relevant 
Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, can no 
longer occur (taking into consideration any Notice Delivery Period, Post Dismissal Additional 
Period, the date of the Applicable DC Credit Event Question Dismissal, the date of the 
Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement and any Standard Exercise Cut-off Date or Non-
Standard Exercise Cut-off Date, as applicable) or the LA-Cut-off Date, as applicable. 
For the avoidance of doubt, interest shall continue to be suspended until a relevant 
announcement by the DC Secretary described above occur, the Calculation Agent determines 
that no Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date (as 
applicable) can occur or an LA Cut-Off Date occurs. In such circumstances, Securityholders 
may not receive any interest for multiple Interest Periods and no liability shall attach to the 
Issuer for any such non-payment of interest. 
(e) 
Payment of Suspended Interest and reduction of future Interest following the occurrence of a 
Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event 
If, a Relevant Event Determination Date occurs or a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date 
occurs on or prior to the LA Cut-Off Date: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Agent determines that the amount of interest suspended pursuant 
to Credit Linked Condition 2(c) (Suspension of Interest following an Applicable DC 
Credit Event Question, a potential Credit Event or a potential Risk Event) is greater than 
the amount of interest that should have been suspended (taking into consideration the 
Applicable Proportion of the relevant Credit Linked Note affected by the Relevant Credit 
Event or, in the case of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the relevant LA Interest 
Amount, as applicable), the Issuer shall pay an amount equal to:

--- Page 516 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
488 
 
(x) 
the interest amount actually suspended; minus 
(y) 
the interest amount that should have been suspended, 
no later than 10 Business Days following the date of such determination by the 
Calculation Agent; or 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Agent determines that the amount of interest suspended pursuant 
to Credit Linked Condition 2(c) (Suspension of Interest following an Applicable DC 
Credit Event Question, a potential Credit Event or a potential Risk Event) is less than 
the amount of interest that should have been suspended (taking into consideration the 
Applicable Proportion of the relevant Credit Linked Note affected by the Relevant Credit 
Event or, in the case of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the relevant LA Interest 
Amount, as applicable), the Issuer shall deduct the absolute value of (x) the interest 
amount actually suspended minus (y) the interest amount that should have been 
suspended (the absolute value of such amount, the Interest Suspension Shortfall 
Amount) from future payments of Interest Amounts until the Interest Suspension 
Shortfall Amount is reduced to zero, provided that if there is an outstanding Interest 
Suspension Shortfall Amount at the time that the Credit Linked Notes are being 
redeemed or written down in full (whether at maturity or upon early redemption), such 
interest shall be deducted from any amount payable to Securityholders at such time, or 
where Physical Redemption or LA Physical Redemption applies, Delivery of the relevant 
assets shall take into account any reduction as is required to be effected.  
For the avoidance of doubt, where the Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount cannot be 
deducted in full or in part (on account of the relevant redemption amount being 
insufficient), the Issuer shall have no further claims against the Securityholders for any 
amounts not deducted. 
(f) 
Accrual of Interest at Funding Interest Rate following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event 
or Relevant Risk Event 
This Credit Linked Condition 2(f) (Accrual of Interest at Funding Interest Rate following the 
occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event) applies only if "Credit Payment 
on Maturity" applies in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or a Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, 
notwithstanding the suspension of interest pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension 
of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk 
Event), the relevant Credit Payment on Maturity Amount shall accrue interest at the Funding 
Interest Rate in respect of each Interest Period (regardless of whether "No Interest Accrual on 
Default" or "Interest Accrual on Default" applies), from (and including) the first Business Day 
immediately following the (x) Relevant Event Determination Date or (y) Relevant Risk Event 
Determination Date, as applicable, to (but excluding in the case of paragraphs (i) and (ii) and 
including in the case of paragraph (iii)) the earliest to occur of: 
(i) 
the Scheduled Maturity Date; 
(ii) 
if the relevant Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early Redemption 
Date, Optional Redemption Date or Substitution Event Date, as applicable; and  
(iii) 
if the relevant Credit Linked Notes are redeeming in full following a Relevant Credit 
Event or Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, the Relevant Event Determination Date or 
Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, corresponding to the Credit 
Event Redemption Date which results in the relevant Credit Linked Notes being 
redeemed in full,  
such interest, the "Funding Interest Amount". 
3. 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes

--- Page 517 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
489 
 
The provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 3 (Single Name Credit Linked Notes) shall not 
apply to Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Credit Linked Notes. 
(a) 
Introduction 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes are Credit Linked Notes pursuant to which the Issuer 
purchases credit protection from Securityholders in respect of any one Reference Entity and, 
accordingly, Securityholders are exposed to the credit risk of such Reference Entity only 
(subject to the Successor provisions set out in Credit Linked Condition 22 (Successor 
Provisions)). 
(b) 
Multiple Relevant Credit Events 
There may be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination 
Date with respect to Single Name Credit Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked 
Conditions 14 (M(M)R Restructuring) and 22 (Successor Provisions).  
(c) 
Applicable Proportion 
The Applicable Proportion of a Single Name Credit Linked Note will be equal to the product 
of: 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination of such Single Name Credit Linked Note; and 
(ii) 
 
(x)  
100 per cent. (where the Relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring or 
no successor event has occurred); or 
(y) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Exercise Amount, divided 
by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes (where the Relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring); or 
(z)  
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Single Name Partial 
Nominal Amount, divided by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes (where the Relevant Credit Event is not an 
M(M)R Restructuring and partial redemption occurs pursuant to Credit Linked 
Condition 22 (Successor Provisions)). 
(d) 
Impact of Credit Event on Accrual of Interest 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 5 (Interest), following the 
occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date: 
(i) 
interest will cease to accrue on the Applicable Proportion of each Single Name Credit 
Linked Note in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of 
Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event); 
(ii) 
interest will continue to accrue as usual on any remaining portion of each Single Name 
Credit Linked Note unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event in accordance with General 
Condition 5 (Interest) to (but excluding in the case of (x) and (y) and including in the 
case of (z)) the earliest to occur of (x) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (y) the Early 
Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as 
applicable, which results in the Single Name Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full, 
and (z) the Relevant Event Determination Date corresponding to the relevant Credit 
Event Redemption Date which results in the Single Name Credit Linked Notes being 
redeemed in full; and  
(iii) 
where "Credit Payment on Maturity applies", additional interest shall accrue on the 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes in respect of the Credit Payment on Maturity Amount

--- Page 518 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
490 
 
in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(f) (Accrual of Interest at Funding Interest 
Rate following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event). 
Further, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is defined in the relevant Issue Terms by reference to 
an Interest Payment Date, then the Scheduled Maturity Date shall be the date which would have 
been such Interest Payment Date notwithstanding that, due to the occurrence of a Credit Event, 
interest has ceased to accrue in accordance in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) 
(Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event). 
(e) 
Payment of Accrued Interest 
Where "Interest Accrual on Default" applies, any interest accrued on the Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of 
Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event) from (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination 
Date (or if there is no Interest Payment Date, the Issue Date) to (and including) the Relevant 
Event Determination Date shall be payable on: 
(i) 
if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, a date falling no later than 10 
Business Days following the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date;  
(ii) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, such date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent;  
(iii) 
if the Single Name Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early 
Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as 
applicable; or 
(iv) 
if "Physical Redemption" applies, a date falling no later than 10 Business Days following 
the first Delivery Date. 
(f) 
Redemption following a Credit Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase) 
and unless previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, following the occurrence of 
a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer will redeem the Applicable Proportion of each 
Single Name Credit Linked Note in accordance with the "Auction Redemption" Credit Event 
Redemption Method, the "Cash Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method, the "Physical 
Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method or the "Fixed Recovery Redemption" Credit 
Event Redemption Method, as specified in the Issue Terms. 
(i) 
Auction Redemption 
Auction Redemption shall apply where "Auction Redemption" is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Auction 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each 
Single Name Credit Linked Note on the Auction Redemption Date at the Auction 
Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 15 (Auction 
Redemption Terms) of these Credit Linked Conditions. 
The outstanding portion of such Single Name Credit Linked Note (if any) as at 
the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 
(Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption 
Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity

--- Page 519 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
491 
 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Auction Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer 
shall redeem each Single Name Credit Linked Note on the Final Auction 
Redemption Date at the Final Auction Redemption Amount in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 15 (Auction Redemption Terms). 
(ii) 
Cash Redemption 
Cash Redemption shall apply where (i) "Cash Redemption" is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms, or (ii) Cash Redemption is 
applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked Condition 15 (Auction 
Redemption Terms) requires the Issuer to redeem the Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
as if Cash Redemption had been specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Cash Redemption 
applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, 
the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Single Name Credit 
Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the Cash Redemption Amount in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 16 (Cash Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Single Name Credit Linked Note (if any) as at 
the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 
(Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption 
Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Cash Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer 
shall redeem each Single Name Credit Linked Note on the Final Cash Redemption 
Date at the Final Cash Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 16 (Cash Redemption Terms). 
(iii) 
Physical Redemption 
Physical Redemption shall apply where (i) "Physical Redemption" is specified as the 
Credit Event Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms, or (ii) Physical 
Redemption is applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked 
Condition 15 (Auction Redemption Terms) requires the Issuer to redeem the Applicable 
Proportion of each Single Name Credit Linked Note as if Physical Redemption had been 
specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method. 
If Physical Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Single 
Name Credit Linked Note by Delivery to each Securityholder of the Physical 
Redemption Assets by the relevant Physical Redemption Date and payment to each 
Securityholder of any Partial Cash Redemption Amount, any Fallback Cash Redemption 
Amount and/or any Asset Package Cash Redemption Amount (where applicable) in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 17 (Physical Redemption Terms).  
The outstanding portion of such Single Name Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the 
Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 (Scheduled 
Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(iv) 
Fixed Recovery Redemption 
Fixed Recovery Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms.

--- Page 520 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
492 
 
If Fixed Recovery Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each 
Single Name Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the Cash Redemption 
Amount (if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies) or the Final Cash 
Redemption Date at the Final Cash Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment on 
Maturity" applies) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 18 (Fixed Recovery 
Redemption Terms). 
Where "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, the outstanding portion of such 
Single Name Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject 
to Credit Linked Condition 13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the 
Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date.  
4. 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes 
The provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 4 (Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes) 
shall not apply to Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Credit Linked Notes. 
(a) 
Introduction 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes are Credit Linked Notes pursuant to which the Issuer 
purchases credit protection from Securityholders in respect of two or more Reference Entities. 
All Reference Entities in the basket are subject to the occurrence of one or more Credit Events; 
however, redemption is only triggered if a Credit Event occurs in respect of the nth Reference 
Entity (and such Credit Event in respect of the nth Reference Entity will be a Relevant Credit 
Event for the purpose of the Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes).  
(b) 
Multiple Relevant Credit Events 
There may be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination 
Date with respect to Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes in accordance with Credit 
Linked Conditions 14 (M(M)R Restructuring) and 22 (Successor Provisions). 
(c) 
Applicable Proportion 
The Applicable Proportion of an Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note will be equal to the 
product of: 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination of such Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note; and 
(ii) 
 
(x)  
100 per cent. (where the Relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring or 
no successor event has occurred); or 
(y)  
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Exercise Amount, divided 
by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Nth-to-Default Basket 
Credit Linked Notes (where the Relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R 
Restructuring); or 
(z)  
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Nth-to-Default Partial 
Nominal Amount, divided by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes (where the Relevant Credit Event is 
not an M(M)R Restructuring and partial redemption occurs pursuant to Credit 
Linked Condition 22 (Successor Provisions)). 
(d) 
Impact of Credit Event on Accrual of Interest 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 5 (Interest), following the 
occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date:

--- Page 521 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
493 
 
(i) 
interest will cease to accrue on the Applicable Proportion of each Nth-to-Default Basket 
Credit Linked Note in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of 
Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk 
Event); 
(ii) 
interest will continue to accrue as usual on any remaining portion of each Nth-to-Default 
Basket Credit Linked Note unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event in accordance with 
General Condition 5 (Interest) to (but excluding in the case of (x) and (y) and including 
in the case of (z)) the earliest to occur of (x) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (y) the Early 
Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as 
applicable, which results in the Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes being 
redeemed in full, and (z) the Relevant Event Determination Date corresponding to the 
relevant Credit Event Redemption Date which results in the Nth-to-Default Basket Credit 
Linked Notes being redeemed in full; and 
(iii) 
where "Credit Payment on Maturity applies", additional interest shall accrue on the Nth-
to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes in respect of the Credit Payment on Maturity 
Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(f) (Accrual of Interest at Funding 
Interest Rate following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk 
Event). 
Further, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is defined in the relevant Issue Terms by reference to 
an Interest Payment Date, then the Scheduled Maturity Date shall be the date which would have 
been such Interest Payment Date notwithstanding that, due to the occurrence of a Credit Event, 
interest has ceased to accrue in accordance in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) 
(Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event). 
(e) 
Payment of Accrued Interest 
Where "Interest Accrual on Default" applies, any interest accrued on the Nth-to-Default Basket 
Credit Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual 
of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event) from 
(and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event 
Determination Date (or if there is no Interest Payment Date, the Issue Date) to (and including) 
the Relevant Event Determination Date shall be payable on: 
(i) 
if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, a date falling no later than 10 
Business Days following the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date;  
(ii) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, such date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent;  
(iii) 
if the Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early 
Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as 
applicable; or 
(iv) 
if "Physical Redemption" applies, a date falling no later than 10 Business Days following 
the first Delivery Date. 
(f) 
Redemption following a Credit Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase) 
and unless previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, following the occurrence of 
a Relevant Event Determination Date (which, for the avoidance of doubt, needs to have occurred 
in respect of the nth Reference Entity), the Issuer will redeem the Applicable Proportion of each 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note in accordance with the "Auction Redemption" Credit 
Event Redemption Method, the "Cash Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method, the 
"Physical Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method or the "Fixed Recovery Redemption" 
Credit Event Redemption Method, as specified in the Issue Terms. 
(i) 
Auction Redemption

--- Page 522 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
494 
 
Auction Redemption shall apply where "Auction Redemption" is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Auction 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note on the Auction Redemption Date at 
the Auction Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 15 
(Auction Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note (if 
any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 
13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity 
Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Auction Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer 
shall redeem each Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note on the Final Auction 
Redemption Date at the Final Auction Redemption Amount in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 15 (Auction Redemption Terms). 
(ii) 
Cash Redemption 
Cash Redemption shall apply where (i) "Cash Redemption" is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms, or (ii) Cash Redemption is 
applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked Condition 15 (Auction 
Redemption Terms) requires the Issuer to redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Nth-
to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note as if Cash Redemption had been specified as the 
Credit Event Redemption Method. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Cash Redemption 
applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, 
the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Nth-to-Default Basket 
Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the Cash Redemption 
Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 16 (Cash Redemption 
Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note (if 
any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 
13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity 
Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Cash Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer 
shall redeem each Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note on the Final Cash 
Redemption Date at the Final Cash Redemption Amount in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 16 (Cash Redemption Terms). 
(iii) 
Physical Redemption 
Physical Redemption shall apply where (i) "Physical Redemption" is specified as the 
Credit Event Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms or (ii) Physical 
Redemption is applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked 
Condition 15 (Auction Redemption Terms) requires the Issuer to redeem the Applicable

--- Page 523 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
495 
 
Proportion of each Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note as if Physical Redemption 
had been specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method. 
If Physical Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Nth-to-
Default Basket Credit Linked Note by Delivery to each Securityholder of the Physical 
Redemption Assets by the relevant Physical Redemption Date and payment to each 
Securityholder of any Partial Cash Redemption Amount, any Fallback Cash Redemption 
Amount and/or any Asset Package Cash Redemption Amount (where applicable) in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 17 (Physical Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note (if any) as at 
the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 (Scheduled 
Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(iv) 
Fixed Recovery Redemption 
Fixed Recovery Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms. 
If Fixed Recovery Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the Cash 
Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies) or the Final 
Cash Redemption Date at the Final Cash Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment on 
Maturity" applies) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 18 (Fixed Recovery 
Redemption Terms). 
Where "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, the outstanding portion of such 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date 
shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be 
redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
5. 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes 
The provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 5 (Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes) shall not 
apply to Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Credit Linked Notes. 
(a) 
Introduction 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes are Credit Linked Notes pursuant to which the Issuer 
purchases credit protection from Securityholders in respect of two or more Reference Entities. 
If a Credit Event occurs in respect of a Reference Entity (not affecting the other Reference 
Entity(ies) in the basket), such Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed in part to 
reflect the loss suffered in respect of such Affected Reference Entity and accordingly, 
Securityholders are exposed to the credit risk of each Reference Entity in the basket in 
proportion to its respective weighting. 
(b) 
Multiple Relevant Credit Events 
There may be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination 
Date with respect to Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes where Relevant Credit Events and 
related Relevant Event Determination Dates occur in respect of more than one Reference Entity 
in the basket. 
There may also be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event 
Determination Date with respect to a single Reference Entity in accordance with Credit Linked 
Conditions 14 (M(M)R Restructuring) and 22 (Successor Provisions).

--- Page 524 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
496 
 
(c) 
Applicable Proportion 
The Applicable Proportion of a Linear Basket Credit Linked Note will be equal to the product 
of: 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination of such Linear Basket Credit Linked Note; and 
(ii) 
 
(x)  
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Reference Entity Notional 
Amount outstanding in respect of the relevant Affected Reference Entity 
immediately prior to the Relevant Credit Event, divided by (II) the Original 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes (where the 
Relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring or no successor event has 
occurred); or 
(y)  
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Exercise Amount, divided 
by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Notes (where the Relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring); or 
(z)  
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Linear Basket Partial 
Nominal Amount, divided by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes (where the Relevant Credit Event is not an 
M(M)R Restructuring and partial redemption occurs pursuant to Credit Linked 
Condition 22 (Successor Provisions)). 
(d) 
Impact of Credit Event on Accrual of Interest 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 5 (Interest), following the 
occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date: 
(i) 
interest will cease to accrue on the Applicable Proportion of each Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Note in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of 
Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event); 
and 
(ii) 
interest will continue to accrue as usual on any remaining portion of each Linear Basket 
Credit Linked Note unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event, in accordance with General 
Condition 5 (Interest) to (but excluding in the case of (x) and (y) and including in the 
case of (z)) the earliest to occur of (x) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (y) an Early 
Redemption Date, Optional Redemption Date or Substitution Event Date, as applicable, 
which results in the Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full, and (z) 
the Relevant Event Determination Date corresponding to the relevant Credit Event 
Redemption Date which results in the Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes being 
redeemed in full; and 
(iii) 
where "Credit Payment on Maturity applies", additional interest shall accrue on the 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes in respect of the Credit Payment on Maturity Amount 
in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(f) (Accrual of Interest at Funding Interest 
Rate following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event). 
Further, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is defined in the relevant Issue Terms by reference to 
an Interest Payment Date, then the Scheduled Maturity Date shall be the date which would have 
been such Interest Payment Date notwithstanding that, due to the occurrence of a Credit Event, 
interest has ceased to accrue in accordance in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) 
(Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event). 
(e) 
Payment of Accrued Interest 
Where "Interest Accrual on Default" applies, any interest accrued on the Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of

--- Page 525 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
497 
 
Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event) from (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination 
Date (or if there is no Interest Payment Date, the Issue Date) to (and including) the Relevant 
Event Determination Date shall be payable on: 
(i) 
if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, a date falling no later than 10 
Business Days following the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date;  
(ii) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, such date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent;  
(iii) 
if the Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early 
Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as 
applicable; or 
(iv) 
if "Physical Redemption" applies, a date falling no later than 10 Business Days following 
the first Delivery Date. 
(f) 
Redemption following a Credit Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase) 
and unless previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, following the occurrence of 
a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer will redeem the Applicable Proportion of each 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Note in accordance with the "Auction Redemption" Credit Event 
Redemption Method, the "Cash Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method, the "Physical 
Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method or the "Fixed Recovery Redemption" Credit 
Event Redemption Method, as specified in the Issue Terms. 
(i) 
Auction Redemption 
Auction Redemption shall apply where "Auction Redemption" is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Auction 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Note on the Auction Redemption Date at the Auction 
Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 15 (Auction 
Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Linear Basket Credit Linked Note (if any) as at 
the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 
(Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption 
Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Auction Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer 
shall redeem each Linear Basket Credit Linked Note on the Final Auction 
Redemption Date at the Final Auction Redemption Amount in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 15 (Auction Redemption Terms). 
(ii) 
Cash Redemption 
Cash Redemption shall apply where (i) "Cash Redemption" is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms, or (ii) Cash Redemption is 
applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked Condition 15 (Auction 
Redemption Terms) requires the Issuer to redeem the Applicable Proportion of the Linear

--- Page 526 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
498 
 
Basket Credit Linked Notes as if Cash Redemption had been specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Cash Redemption 
applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, 
the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the Cash Redemption Amount in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 16 (Cash Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Linear Basket Credit Linked Note (if any) as at 
the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 
(Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption 
Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Cash Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer 
shall redeem each Linear Basket Credit Linked Note on the Final Cash 
Redemption Date at the Final Cash Redemption Amount in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 16 (Cash Redemption Terms). 
(iii) 
Physical Redemption 
Physical Redemption shall apply where (i) "Physical Redemption" is specified as the 
Credit Event Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms or (ii) Physical 
Redemption is applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked 
Condition 15 (Auction Redemption Terms) requires the Issuer to redeem the Applicable 
Proportion of the Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes as if Physical Redemption had been 
specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method. 
If Physical Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Note by Delivery to each Securityholder of the Physical 
Redemption Assets by the relevant Physical Redemption Date and payment to each 
Securityholder of any Partial Cash Redemption Amount, any Fallback Cash Redemption 
Amount and/or any Asset Package Cash Redemption Amount (where applicable) in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 17 (Physical Redemption Terms) of these 
Credit Linked Conditions. 
The outstanding portion of such Linear Basket Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the 
Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 (Scheduled 
Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(iv) 
Fixed Recovery Redemption 
Fixed Recovery Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms. 
If Fixed Recovery Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the Cash Redemption 
Amount (if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies) or the Final Cash 
Redemption Date at the Final Cash Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment on 
Maturity" applies) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 18 (Fixed Recovery 
Redemption Terms) of these Credit Linked Conditions. 
Where "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, the outstanding portion of such 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall,

--- Page 527 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
499 
 
subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be 
redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
6. 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes 
The provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 6 (Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes) shall 
not apply to Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Credit Linked Notes. 
(a) 
Introduction 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes are Credit Linked Notes pursuant to which the Issuer 
purchases credit protection from Securityholders in respect of the performance of component 
Reference Entities of a specified Index (which will be either an iTraxx® or CDX® index). 
If a Credit Event occurs in respect of a Reference Entity, the Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Notes will be redeemed in part to reflect the loss suffered in respect of such Affected Reference 
Entity and accordingly, Securityholders are exposed to the credit risk of each Reference Entity 
in the Index in proportion to its weighting. 
(b) 
Multiple Relevant Credit Events 
There may be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination 
Date with respect to Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes where Relevant Credit Events and 
related Relevant Event Determination Dates occur in respect of more than one Reference Entity 
in the Index. 
There may also be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event 
Determination Date with respect to a single Reference Entity in accordance with Credit Linked 
Conditions 14 (M(M)R Restructuring) and 22 (Successor Provisions). 
(c) 
Applicable Proportion 
The Applicable Proportion of an Index Untranched Credit Linked Note will be equal to the 
product of: 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination of such Index Untranched Credit Linked Note; and 
(ii) 
 
(x)  
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Reference Entity Notional 
Amount outstanding in respect of the relevant Affected Reference Entity 
immediately prior to the Relevant Credit Event, divided by (II) the Original 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes (where 
the Relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring or no successor event 
has occurred); or 
(y) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Exercise Amount, divided 
by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Index Untranched Credit 
Linked Notes (where the Relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring); or 
(z) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Index Untranched Partial 
Nominal Amount, divided by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes (where the Relevant Credit Event is not 
an M(M)R Restructuring and partial redemption occurs pursuant to application of 
Credit Linked Condition 22 (Successor Provisions)). 
(d) 
Impact of Credit Event on Accrual of Interest 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 5 (Interest), following the 
occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date:

--- Page 528 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
500 
 
(i) 
interest will cease to accrue on the Applicable Proportion of each Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Note in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of 
Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk 
Event); and 
(ii) 
interest will continue to accrue as usual on any remaining portion of each Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Note unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event in accordance 
with General Condition 5 (Interest) to (but excluding in the case of (x) and (y) and 
including in the case of (z)) the earliest to occur of (x) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (y) 
the Early Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event 
Date, as applicable, which results in the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes being 
redeemed in full, and (z) the Relevant Event Determination Date corresponding to the 
relevant Credit Event Redemption Date which results in the Index Untranched Credit 
Linked Notes being redeemed in full; and 
(iii) 
where "Credit Payment on Maturity applies", additional interest shall accrue on the Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes in respect of the Credit Payment on Maturity Amount 
in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(f) (Accrual of Interest at Funding Interest 
Rate following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event). 
Further, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is defined in the relevant Issue Terms by reference to 
an Interest Payment Date, then the Scheduled Maturity Date shall be the date which would have 
been such Interest Payment Date notwithstanding that, due to the occurrence of a Credit Event, 
interest has ceased to accrue in accordance in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) 
(Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event). 
(e) 
Payment of Accrued Interest 
Where "Interest Accrual on Default" applies, any interest accrued on the Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual 
of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event) from 
(and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event 
Determination Date (or if there is no Interest Payment Date, the Issue Date) to (and including) 
the Relevant Event Determination Date shall be payable on: 
(i) 
if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, a date falling no later than 10 
Business Days following the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date;  
(ii) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, such date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; or  
(iii) 
if the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early 
Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as 
applicable. 
(f) 
Redemption following a Credit Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase) 
and unless previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, following the occurrence of 
a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer will redeem the Applicable Proportion of each 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Note in accordance with the "Auction Redemption" Credit 
Event Redemption Method, the "Cash Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method or the 
"Fixed Recovery Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method, as specified in the Issue 
Terms. 
(i) 
Auction Redemption 
Auction Redemption shall apply where "Auction Redemption" is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event

--- Page 529 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
501 
 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Auction 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Note on the Auction Redemption Date at the 
Auction Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 15 
(Auction Redemption Terms) of these Credit Linked Conditions. 
The outstanding portion of such Index Untranched Credit Linked Note (if any) as 
at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 
(Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption 
Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Auction Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer 
shall redeem each Index Untranched Credit Linked Note on the Final Auction 
Redemption Date at the Final Auction Redemption Amount in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 15 (Auction Redemption Terms). 
(ii) 
Cash Redemption 
Cash Redemption shall apply where (i) "Cash Redemption" is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms, or (ii) Cash Redemption is 
applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked Condition 15 (Auction 
Redemption Terms) requires the Issuer to redeem the Applicable Proportion of each 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Note as if Cash Redemption had been specified as the 
Credit Event Redemption Method. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Cash Redemption 
applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, 
the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the Cash Redemption 
Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 16 (Cash Redemption 
Terms) of these Credit Linked Conditions. 
The outstanding portion of such Index Untranched Credit Linked Note (if any) as 
at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 
(Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption 
Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Cash Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer 
shall redeem each Index Untranched Credit Linked Note on the Final Cash 
Redemption Date at the Final Cash Redemption Amount in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 16 (Cash Redemption Terms) of these Credit Linked 
Conditions. 
(iii) 
Fixed Recovery Redemption 
Fixed Recovery Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms. 
If Fixed Recovery Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the Cash 
Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies) or the Final 
Cash Redemption Date at the Final Cash Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment on

--- Page 530 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
502 
 
Maturity" applies) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 18 (Fixed Recovery 
Redemption Terms). 
Where "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, the outstanding portion of such 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, 
subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be 
redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(g) 
Amendment to Index Annex 
The Index Annex will be deemed amended from time to time to reflect any modifications 
resulting from Credit Linked Conditions 22 (Successor Provisions), 24(a) (Standard Reference 
Obligation and Non-Standard Reference Obligation) and 24(b) (Substitute Reference 
Obligation) and the definitions of Reference Entity, Reference Obligation, Standard Reference 
Obligation, Substitute Reference Obligation and Successor as set out in Credit Linked Condition 
29 (Definitions). 
(h) 
Restriction on Delivery of Credit Event Notice or Successor Notice 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Credit Linked Conditions, neither the 
Calculation Agent nor the Issuer may deliver a Credit Event Notice or a Successor Notice, unless 
a notice has previously been delivered to the DC Secretary in accordance with the DC Rules 
requesting that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to 
Resolve a DC Credit Event Question or one or more Successors to the relevant Reference Entity, 
as applicable, with respect to the facts described in with respect to the facts described in such 
Credit Event Notice or Successor Notice, as applicable, and either (a) a DC Credit Event 
Question Dismissal has occurred, (b) the DC Secretary has publicly announced that the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a determination or (b) 
the DC Secretary has publicly announced that the conditions to convening the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee to Resolve such matter have not been satisfied in 
accordance with the DC Rules. Any Credit Event Notice or Successor Notice, as applicable, 
delivered in breach of the requirements in this Credit Linked Condition 6(h) (Restriction on 
Delivery of Credit Event Notice or Successor Notice) shall be deemed not to have been 
delivered. 
(i) 
Restructurings in respect of component Reference Entities of an Index 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Credit Linked Conditions, if a DC Credit 
Event Announcement occurs in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring with respect to a component 
Reference Entity of the relevant Index (such Reference Entity, a Restructured Entity), from 
(and including) the calendar day immediately following the date of such DC Credit Event 
Announcement, the relevant Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes will be amended without 
the consent of the Securityholders to reflect the following terms: 
(i) 
the Restructured Entity will be deemed to have been removed from the Index and the 
Index Annex; and 
(ii) 
the portion of the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes relating to such Restructured 
Entity will not redeem but will instead continue as Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
referencing the Restructured Entity with the same economic terms and conditions that 
such Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes had immediately before such DC Credit 
Event Announcement, except that the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 6(i) 
(Restructurings in respect of component Reference Entities of an Index) shall not apply 
(such new Credit Linked Notes, the New Single Name Credit Linked Notes) and if 
exercised, the Applicable Proportion of each New Single Name Credit Linked Note will 
redeem in accordance with the provisions set out in Credit Linked Condition 6(f) 
(Redemption following a Credit Event); and 
(iii) 
following such event, and unless Resolved otherwise by a relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee, such New Single Name Credit Linked Notes (referencing 
solely the Restructured Entity) shall apply such that the economic terms of the New

--- Page 531 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
503 
 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes as closely as possible preserve the economic 
equivalent of the relevant Credit Linked Notes immediately before the DC Credit Event 
Announcement and the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of such New Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes shall be to the Reference Entity Notional Amount with 
respect to the Restructured Entity immediately prior to the DC Credit Event 
Announcement. 
New Single Name Credit Linked Notes shall, for the avoidance of doubt, be treated for all 
purposes as Single Name Credit Linked Notes under these Credit Linked Conditions. 
7. 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
The provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 7 (Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes) shall 
not apply to Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Credit Linked Notes. 
(a) 
Introduction 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes are Credit Linked Notes pursuant to which the Issuer 
purchases credit protection from Securityholders in respect of a specified tranche which is linked 
to the performance of the component Reference Entities of a specified Index (which will be 
either an iTraxx® or CDX® index).  
If a Relevant Credit Event occurs in respect of a Reference Entity, the Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes will be written down and/or partially redeemed, as applicable, to reflect the 
incurred loss and/or any incurred recovery amount in respect of such Affected Reference Entity 
(to the extent that such incurred loss/incurred recovery amount falls within the tranche to which 
the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes are exposed to), and any incurred recovery amount in 
respect of such Affected Reference Entity will be payable to Securityholders following the 
Relevant Credit Event in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 7(f) (Redemption following 
a Credit Event). Accordingly, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes are exposed to the credit 
risk of each Reference Entity in the Index in proportion to its weighting. 
(b) 
Multiple Relevant Credit Events 
There may be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination 
Date with respect to Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes where Relevant Credit Events and 
related Relevant Event Determination Dates occur in respect of more than one Reference Entity 
in the Index. 
There may be also be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event 
Determination Date with respect to a single Reference Entity in accordance with Credit Linked 
Conditions 14 (M(M)R Restructuring) and 22 (Successor Provisions). 
(c) 
Applicable Proportion 
The Applicable Proportion of an Index Tranched Credit Linked Note will be equal to the product 
of: 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination of such Index Tranched Credit Linked Note; and 
(ii) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the relevant Principal Writedown 
Amount, divided by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes. 
(d) 
Impact of Credit Event on Accrual of Interest 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 5 (Interest), following the 
occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date:

--- Page 532 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
504 
 
(i) 
interest will cease to accrue on the Applicable Proportion of each Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Note in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of 
Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event); 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that there is an Index Tranched Incurred Loss 
Amount and/or an Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount greater than zero with 
respect to an Affected Reference Entity, for the purpose of calculating the interest due 
on the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes going forward, each Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Note then outstanding shall be reduced by its pro rata share of the Principal 
Writedown Amount with effect from the Credit Event Writedown Date (notwithstanding, 
where "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies and there is an Index Tranched Incurred 
Recovery Amount, that the Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount shall be not be 
payable until the Final Auction Redemption Date or Final Cash Redemption Date, as 
applicable) purely for the purposes of determining the interest amount accrued; and 
(iii) 
interest will continue to accrue as usual on any remaining portion of each Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Note (after, if applicable, any writedown of the Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes by the Principal Writedown Amount in accordance with paragraph (ii) 
above) unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event in accordance with General Condition 5 
(Interest) to (but excluding in the case of (x) and (y) and including in the case of (z)) the 
earliest to occur of (x) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (y) the Early Redemption Date, the 
Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as applicable, which results 
in the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full, and (z) the Relevant 
Event Determination Date corresponding to the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date 
which results in the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full; and  
(iv) 
where "Credit Payment on Maturity applies", additional interest shall accrue on the 
Credit Payment on Maturity Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(f) 
(Accrual of Interest at Funding Interest Rate following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event). 
Further, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is defined in the relevant Issue Terms by 
reference to an Interest Payment Date, then the Scheduled Maturity Date shall be the date 
which would have been such Interest Payment Date notwithstanding that, due to the 
occurrence of a Credit Event, interest has ceased to accrue in accordance in accordance 
with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the 
occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event). 
(e) 
Payment of Accrued Interest 
Where "Interest Accrual on Default" applies, any interest accrued on the Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of 
Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event) from (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination 
Date (or if there is no Interest Payment Date, the Issue Date) to (and including) the Relevant 
Event Determination Date shall be payable on: 
(i) 
if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies and: 
(x) 
an Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount is determined (but there is no Index 
Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount and therefore no Credit Event 
Redemption Date has occurred), a date falling no later than 10 Business Days 
following the relevant Auction Final Price Determination Date or Final Price 
Determination Date, as applicable; or 
(y) 
otherwise, a date falling no later than 10 Business Days following the relevant 
Credit Event Redemption Date; 
(ii) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, such date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; or

--- Page 533 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
505 
 
(iii) 
if the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early 
Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as 
applicable. 
(f) 
Redemption following a Credit Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase) 
and unless previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, following the occurrence of 
a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer will partially redeem each Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Note in accordance with the "Auction Redemption" Credit Event Redemption 
Method, the "Cash Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method or the "Fixed Recovery 
Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method, as specified in the Issue Terms. 
(i) 
Auction Redemption 
Auction Redemption shall apply where "Auction Redemption" is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Auction 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall partially redeem each Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Note on the Auction Redemption Date at the Index Tranched Redemption 
Amount (if any) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 15 (Auction 
Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Index Tranched Credit Linked Note (if any) as at 
the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 
(Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption 
Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Auction Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer 
shall redeem each Index Tranched Credit Linked Note in whole on the Final 
Auction Redemption Date at the Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 15 (Auction Redemption Terms) of 
these Credit Linked Conditions. 
(ii) 
Cash Redemption 
Cash Redemption shall apply where (i) "Cash Redemption" is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms, or (ii) Cash Redemption is 
applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked Condition 15 (Auction 
Redemption Terms) requires the Issuer to redeem the Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes as if Cash Redemption had been specified as the Credit Event Redemption 
Method. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Cash Redemption 
applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, 
the Issuer shall partially redeem each Index Tranched Credit Linked Note on the 
Cash Redemption Date at the Index Tranched Redemption Amount (if any) in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 16 (Cash Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Index Tranched Credit Linked Note (if any) as at 
the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 
(Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption 
Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date.

--- Page 534 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
506 
 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Cash Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer 
shall redeem each Index Tranched Credit Linked Note in whole on the Final Cash 
Redemption Date at the Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount in accordance 
with Credit Linked Condition 16 (Cash Redemption Terms). 
(iii) 
Fixed Recovery Redemption 
Fixed Recovery Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms. 
If Fixed Recovery Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall partially redeem each Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the Index Tranched Redemption Amount 
(if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies) or the outstanding portion of each 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Note in whole on the Final Cash Redemption Date at the 
Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies) in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 18 (Fixed Recovery Redemption Terms) of 
these Credit Linked Conditions. 
Where "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, the outstanding portion of such 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, 
subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be 
redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(g) 
Amendment to Index Annex 
The Index Annex will be deemed to be amended from time to time to reflect any modifications 
resulting from Credit Linked Conditions 22 (Successor Provisions), 24(a) (Standard Reference 
Obligation and Non-Standard Reference Obligation) and 24(b) (Substitute Reference 
Obligation) and the definitions of Reference Entity, Reference Obligation, Standard Reference 
Obligation, Substitute Reference Obligation and Successor as set out in Credit Linked Condition 
29 (Definitions). 
(h) 
Restriction on Delivery of Credit Event Notice or Successor Notice 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Credit Linked Conditions, neither the 
Calculation Agent nor the Issuer may deliver a Credit Event Notice or a Successor Notice, unless 
a notice has previously been delivered to the DC Secretary in accordance with the DC Rules 
requesting that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to 
Resolve a DC Credit Event Question or one or more Successors to the relevant Reference Entity, 
as applicable, with respect to the facts described in with respect to the facts described in such 
Credit Event Notice or Successor Notice, as applicable, and either (a) a DC Credit Event 
Question Dismissal has occurred, (b) the DC Secretary has publicly announced that the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a determination or (b) 
the DC Secretary has publicly announced that the conditions to convening the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee to Resolve such matter have not been satisfied in 
accordance with the DC Rules. Any Credit Event Notice or Successor Notice, as applicable, 
delivered in breach of the requirements in this Credit Linked Condition 7(h) (Restriction on 
Delivery of Credit Event Notice or Successor Notice) shall be deemed not to have been 
delivered. 
8. 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
The provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 8 (Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes) shall 
not apply to Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Credit Linked Notes.

--- Page 535 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
507 
 
(a) 
Introduction 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes are Credit Linked Notes pursuant to which the Issuer 
purchases credit protection from Securityholders in respect of a specified tranche which is linked 
to the performance of the component Reference Entities of a bespoke basket. 
If a Relevant Credit Event occurs in respect of a Reference Entity, the Portfolio Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes will be written down and/or partially redeemed, as applicable, to reflect the 
incurred loss and/or any incurred recovery amount in respect of such Affected Reference Entity 
(to the extent that such incurred loss/incurred recovery amount falls within the tranche to which 
the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes are exposed to), and any incurred recovery amount 
in respect of such Affected Reference Entity will be payable to Securityholders following the 
Relevant Credit Event in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 8(f) (Redemption following 
a Credit Event). Accordingly, Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes are exposed to the credit 
risk of each Reference Entity in the basket in proportion to its weighting. 
(b) 
Multiple Relevant Credit Events 
There may be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination 
Date with respect to Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes where Relevant Credit Events and 
related Relevant Event Determination Dates occur in respect of more than one Reference Entity 
in the basket. 
There may also be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event 
Determination Date with respect to a single Reference Entity in accordance with Credit Linked 
Conditions 14 (M(M)R Restructuring) and 22 (Successor Provisions). 
(c) 
Applicable Proportion 
The Applicable Proportion of a Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note will be equal to the 
product of: 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination of such Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note; and  
(ii) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Principal Writedown Amount in 
respect of the relevant Affected Reference Entity, divided by (II) the Original Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes. 
(d) 
Impact of Credit Event on Accrual of Interest 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 5 (Interest), following the 
occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date: 
(i) 
interest will cease to accrue on the Applicable Proportion of each Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Note in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of 
Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk 
Event); 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that there is a Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss 
Amount and/or a Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount greater than zero with 
respect to an Affected Reference Entity, for the purpose of calculating the interest due 
on the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes going forward, each Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Note then outstanding shall be reduced by its pro rata share of the 
Principal Writedown Amount with effect from the Credit Event Writedown Date 
(notwithstanding, where "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, that the Portfolio 
Tranched Final Redemption Amount shall be not be payable until the Final Auction 
Redemption Date or Final Cash Redemption Date, as applicable) purely for the purposes 
of determining the interest amount accrued; and 
(iii) 
interest will continue to accrue as usual on any remaining portion of each Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Note (after, if applicable, any writedown of the Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Note by the Principal Writedown Amount in accordance with

--- Page 536 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
508 
 
paragraph (ii) above) unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event in accordance with 
General Condition 5 (Interest) to (but excluding in the case of (x) and (y) and including 
in the case of (z)) the earliest to occur of (x) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (y) the Early 
Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as 
applicable, which results in the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes being redeemed 
in full, and (z) the Relevant Event Determination Date corresponding to the relevant 
Credit Event Redemption Date which results in the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes being redeemed in full; and 
(iv) 
where "Credit Payment on Maturity applies", additional interest shall accrue on the 
Credit Payment on Maturity Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(f) 
(Accrual of Interest at Funding Interest Rate following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event). 
Further, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is defined in the relevant Issue Terms by reference to 
an Interest Payment Date, then the Scheduled Maturity Date shall be the date which would have 
been such Interest Payment Date notwithstanding that, due to the occurrence of a Credit Event, 
interest has ceased to accrue in accordance in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) 
(Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event). 
(e) 
Payment of Accrued Interest 
Where "Interest Accrual on Default" applies, any interest accrued on the Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual 
of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event) from 
(and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event 
Determination Date (or if there is no Interest Payment Date, the Issue Date) to (and including) 
the Relevant Event Determination Date shall be payable on: 
(i) 
if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies and: 
(x) 
a Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount is determined (but there is no 
Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount and therefore no Credit Event 
Redemption Date has occurred), a date falling no later than 10 Business Days 
following the relevant Auction Final Price Determination Date or Final Price 
Determination Date, as applicable; or 
(y) 
otherwise, a date falling no later than 10 Business Days following the relevant 
Credit Event Redemption Date; 
(ii) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, such date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; or  
(iii) 
if the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early 
Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as 
applicable. 
(f) 
Redemption following a Credit Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase) 
and unless previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, following the occurrence of 
a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer will partially redeem each Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Note in accordance with the "Auction Redemption" Credit Event Redemption 
Method, the "Cash Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method or the "Fixed Recovery 
Redemption" Credit Event Redemption Method, as specified in the Issue Terms. 
(i) 
Auction Redemption 
Auction Redemption shall apply where "Auction Redemption" is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms.

--- Page 537 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
509 
 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Auction 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall partially redeem each Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Note on the Auction Redemption Date at the Portfolio Tranched 
Redemption Amount (if any) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 15 
(Auction Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note (if any) 
as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 
(Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption 
Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Auction Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer 
shall redeem each Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note in whole on the Final 
Auction Redemption Date at the Portfolio Tranched Final Redemption Amount 
in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 15 (Auction Redemption Terms). 
(ii) 
Cash Redemption 
Cash Redemption shall apply where (i) "Cash Redemption" is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms, or (ii) Cash Redemption is 
applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked Condition 15 (Auction 
Redemption Terms) requires the Issuer to redeem the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes as if Cash Redemption had been specified as the Credit Event Redemption 
Method. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Credit Event" and (ii) Cash Redemption 
applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, 
the Issuer shall partially redeem each Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note on 
the Cash Redemption Date at the Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount (if any) 
in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 16 (Cash Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note (if any) 
as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 
(Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption 
Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) Cash Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer 
shall redeem each Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note in whole on the Final 
Cash Redemption Date at the Portfolio Tranched Final Redemption Amount in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 16 (Cash Redemption Terms). 
(iii) 
Fixed Recovery Redemption 
Fixed Recovery Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms. 
If Fixed Recovery Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall partially redeem each Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the Portfolio Tranched Redemption 
Amount (if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies) or the outstanding portion 
of each Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note in whole on the Final Cash Redemption

--- Page 538 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
510 
 
Date at the Portfolio Tranched Final Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment on 
Maturity" applies) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 18 (Fixed Recovery 
Redemption Terms). 
Where "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, the outstanding portion of such 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, 
subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be 
redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
9. 
Local Access Credit Linked Notes 
The provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 9 (Local Access Credit Linked Notes) shall not 
apply to Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes. 
(a) 
Introduction 
Local Access Credit Linked Notes are Credit Linked Notes pursuant to which the Issuer 
purchases credit protection from Securityholders in respect of one Reference Entity where such 
Reference Entity is a sovereign of a local access jurisdiction. Accordingly, in addition to the 
credit risk of such Reference Entity, Securityholders are also exposed to additional risks 
associated with such local access jurisdictions. 
(b) 
Multiple Relevant Risk Events 
There may be more than one Relevant Risk Event with respect to Local Access Credit Linked 
Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 22 (Successor Provisions). 
(c) 
Applicable Proportion 
The Applicable Proportion of a Local Access Credit Linked Note will be equal to the product 
of: 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination of such Local Access Credit Linked Note; and 
(ii) 
 
(x) 
100 per cent. (where no successor event has occurred); or 
(y)  
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Local Access Partial 
Nominal Amount, divided by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Local Access Credit Linked Notes (where partial redemption occurs pursuant to 
application of Credit Linked Condition 22 (Successor Provisions)). 
(d) 
Impact of Risk Event on Accrual of Interest 
General Condition 5 (Interest) will not be applicable to Local Access Credit Linked Notes and 
the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition shall apply instead. 
Following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date: 
(i) 
the payment of the LA Interest Amount corresponding to the Interest Payment Date of 
each Local Access Credit Linked Note will be suspended in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a 
Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event), provided that if the Calculation Agent 
determines that the payment of LA Interest Amount for the relevant Interest Payment 
Date need not be suspended (due to such payment being unaffected by the potential Risk 
Event or otherwise), such suspension will not apply and the LA Interest Amount will be 
payable as usual on the relevant Interest Payment Date; and 
(ii) 
following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, if the 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Local Access Credit Linked Note is not

--- Page 539 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
511 
 
reduced to zero, the LA Interest Amount will continue to be payable on the relevant 
Interest Payment Date as usual (but only to the extent of any apportioned amount 
following any multiple successor determination or other adjustment deemed necessary 
to give effect to the terms of the Credit Linked Conditions as determined by the  
Calculation Agent) with respect to each Local Access Credit Linked Note  to (but 
excluding in the case of (x) and (y) and including in the case of (z)) the earliest to occur 
of (x) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (y) the Early Redemption Date or the Substitution 
Event Date, as applicable, which results in the Local Access Credit Linked Notes being 
redeemed in full, and (z) the Relevant Risk Event Determination Date corresponding to 
the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date which results in the Local Access Credit 
Linked Notes being redeemed in full, except that in the case of (y) and (z) interest shall 
be payable if, and only if, the relevant Interest Payment Date has occurred on or prior to 
the relevant dates referred to in (y) and (z); and 
(iii) 
where "Credit Payment on Maturity applies", additional interest shall accrue on the Local 
Access Credit Linked Notes in respect of the Credit Payment on Maturity Amount in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(f) (Accrual of Interest at Funding Interest 
Rate following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event). 
Further, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is defined in the relevant Issue Terms by reference to 
an Interest Payment Date, then the Scheduled Maturity Date shall be the date which would have 
been such Interest Payment Date notwithstanding that, due to the occurrence of a Risk Event, 
interest has ceased to accrue in accordance in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) 
(Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event). 
(e) 
Payment of Accrued Interest 
Where "Interest Accrual on Default" applies, any interest accrued on the Local Access Credit 
Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of 
Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event) from (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Risk Event 
Determination Date (or if there is no Interest Payment Date, the Issue Date) to (and including) 
the Relevant Risk Event Determination Date shall be payable on: 
(i) 
if "Credit Payment following Risk Event" applies, a date falling no later than 10 Business 
Days following the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date, provided that interest shall 
be payable if, and only if, the relevant Interest Payment Date has occurred prior to the 
relevant Credit Event Redemption Date; 
(ii) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, such date as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, provided that interest shall be payable if and only if the relevant Interest Payment 
Date has occurred prior to the relevant LA Valuation Date; 
(iii) 
if the Local Access Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early 
Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as applicable, provided that interest 
shall be payable if, and only if, the relevant Interest Payment Date has occurred prior to 
the relevant Early Redemption Date or Substitution Event Date, as applicable; or 
(iv) 
if "LA Physical Redemption" applies, a date falling no later than 10 Business Days 
following the first Delivery Date, provided that interest shall be payable if, and only if, 
the relevant Interest Payment Date has occurred prior to the first Delivery Date. 
(f) 
Redemption following a Risk Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase) 
and unless previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, following the occurrence of 
a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date (subject to Credit Linked Condition 9(g) (Adjustment 
following a Regulatory Change Event)), the Issuer will redeem the Applicable Proportion of 
each Local Access Credit Linked Note in accordance with the "LA Cash Redemption" Risk 
Event Redemption Method, the "LA Physical Redemption" Risk Event Redemption Method or

--- Page 540 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
512 
 
the "LA Fixed Recovery Redemption" Risk Event Redemption Method, as specified in the Issue 
Terms. 
(i) 
LA Cash Redemption 
LA Cash Redemption shall apply where "LA Cash Redemption" is specified as the Risk 
Event Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Risk Event 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment following Risk Event" and (ii) LA Cash 
Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk Event 
Determination Date and subject to Credit Linked Condition 9(g) (Adjustment 
following a Regulatory Change Event), the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable 
Proportion of each Local Access Credit Linked Note on the LA Cash Redemption 
Date at the LA Cash Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 16(c) (LA Cash Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Local Access Credit Linked Note (if any) as at 
the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 
(Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption 
Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) "Credit Payment on Maturity" and (ii) LA Cash Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, the 
Issuer shall redeem each Local Access Credit Linked Note on the Final LA Cash 
Redemption Date at the Final LA Cash Redemption Amount in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 16(c) (LA Cash Redemption Terms). 
(ii) 
LA Physical Redemption 
LA Physical Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Risk Event Redemption 
Method in the relevant Issue Terms. 
If LA Physical Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk 
Event Determination Date and subject to Credit Linked Condition 9(g) (Adjustment 
following a Regulatory Change Event), the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion 
of each Local Access Credit Linked Note by Delivery to each Securityholder of each 
Local Access Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of the LA Settlement Assets by the LA 
Physical Redemption Date and payment to each Securityholder of each Local Access 
Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of the Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount 
(if any) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 16(c) (LA Cash Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Local Access Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the 
Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 13 (Scheduled 
Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(iii) 
LA Fixed Recovery Redemption 
LA Fixed Recovery Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Risk Event 
Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms. 
If LA Fixed Recovery Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Risk Event Determination Date and subject to Credit Linked Condition 9(g) (Adjustment 
following a Regulatory Change Event), the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion 
of each Local Access Credit Linked Note on the LA Cash Redemption Date at the LA 
Cash Redemption Amount (if "Credit Payment following Risk Event" occurs) or the 
Final LA Cash Redemption Date at the Final LA Cash Redemption Amount (if "Credit 
Payment on Maturity" occurs) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 16(c) (LA

--- Page 541 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
513 
 
Cash Redemption Terms), provided that the LA Cash Redemption Amount shall be 
determined using the Fixed Recovery Percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
instead of the LA Recovery Amount, as further set out in the definition of LA Cash 
Redemption Amount in Credit Linked Condition 29 (Definitions). 
If the Fixed Recovery Percentage is zero, following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk 
Event Determination Date, the occurrence of the LA Cash Redemption Date or the Final 
LA Cash Redemption Date, as applicable, shall fully and effectively discharge the 
Issuer's obligation to redeem the Applicable Proportion of the relevant Local Access 
Credit Linked Note. For the avoidance of doubt, in such circumstance, the loss amount 
in respect of the Affected Reference Entity will be deemed to be 100 per cent. and, 
accordingly, no amounts will be payable or assets deliverable to the Securityholders. 
The Securityholders will bear the loss of their entire principal and no liability shall 
attach to the Issuer. 
Where "Credit Payment following Risk Event" applies, the outstanding portion of such 
Local Access Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject 
to Credit Linked Condition 13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the 
Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(g) 
Adjustment following a Regulatory Change Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Regulatory Change Event has occurred or exists, 
then: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent will, in its sole discretion, determine the amount by which any 
payment due to the Securityholders, or amount of LA Settlement Assets to be Delivered 
to the Securityholders, shall be reduced (provided that, such reduction amount shall be 
in the currency of the payment due or an amount of LA Settlement Assets (rounded down 
to the nearest denomination of the LA Settlement Assets)), as the case may be, and equal 
to each Local Access Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of the Regulatory Change Cost; 
and 
(ii) 
thereafter notify the Issuer of such adjustments. 
The Issuer shall endeavour to give notice to the Securityholders in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 26 (Notices) of the occurrence of the foregoing event as soon as practicable 
thereafter. 
(h) 
Tax Deduction Event – Interest  
Unless "Tax Deduction Event – Interest" is specified as not applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms and without duplication to Credit Linked Condition 9(g) (Adjustment following a 
Regulatory Change Event), if the Calculation Agent determines at any time on or prior to the 
last day of the final Calculation Period that there would be an Interest Tax Deduction Amount 
in respect of a payment of interest (howsoever described) in respect of the Reference Investor 
Assets, then any payment(s) of interest due to the Securityholder(s) shall be reduced by an 
amount that in aggregate is equal in value to each Local Access Credit Linked Note's pro rata 
share of such Interest Tax Deduction Amount, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(i) 
Tax Deduction Event – Principal  
Unless "Tax Deduction Event – Principal" is specified as not applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms and without duplication to Credit Linked Condition 9(g) (Adjustment following a 
Regulatory Change Event) above, if the Calculation Agent determines at any time on or prior to 
the earlier of (i) the Scheduled Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date, as applicable and (ii) 
an Early Redemption Date, Optional Redemption Date or Substitution Event Date, as 
applicable, which results in the Local Access Credit Linked Notes being early redeemed in full, 
that there would be a Principal Tax Deduction Amount in respect of a payment of principal 
(howsoever described) in respect of the redemption of the Reference Investor Assets, then any 
payment(s) of principal due to the Securityholder(s) (including any Early Redemption Amount, 
Merger Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount), or amount of LA Settlement

--- Page 542 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
514 
 
Assets to be delivered to the Securityholder(s) (rounded down to the nearest denomination of 
the LA Settlement Assets), shall be reduced by an amount that in aggregate is equal in value to 
each Local Access Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of such Principal Tax Deduction 
Amount, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
10. 
Credit Event Notice, Risk Event Notice and Notice of Publicly Available Information 
Securityholders should note that paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Credit Linked Condition are 
specific to Credit Linked Notes in respect of which a Credit Event Notice is relevant and will 
therefore not apply to Local Access Credit Linked Notes. 
(a) 
If a Credit Event Notice and, if "Notice of Publicly Available Information" is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, an effective Notice of Publicly Available Information is 
required to be delivered for an effective Notice Delivery Date and related Event Determination 
Date to occur, the Calculation Agent shall deliver the Credit Event Notice and, if applicable, a 
Notice of Publicly Available Information to the Issuer. The Issuer shall, upon receipt of such 
notice(s), forward them to the Fiscal Agent to make available to the Securityholders in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 26 (Notices). 
(b) 
If a Credit Event Notice and where applicable, a Notice of Publicly Available Information is not 
required to be delivered in order for an Event Determination Date to occur, the Calculation 
Agent shall give written notice not less than five Business Days prior to the date for redemption 
or writedown, as applicable, of the Credit Linked Notes (or a portion thereof) containing the 
same information required to be included in a Credit Event Notice and if applicable, a Notice of 
Publicly Available Information to the Issuer.  The Issuer shall, upon receipt of such notice(s), 
forward them to the Fiscal Agent for delivery to the Securityholders in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 26 (Notices). 
(c) 
The Calculation Agent's determination of a Credit Event or  Risk Event, as applicable, will, in 
the absence of manifest error, be final, conclusive and binding on all persons (including, without 
limitation, the Fiscal Agent and each Securityholder). 
(d) 
None of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Fiscal Agent or one or more of their respective 
affiliates will have any liability whatsoever for the failure of the Calculation Agent for any 
reason to determine that a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, has occurred or with respect 
to the Calculation Agent or the Issuer's timing as to when to deliver a Credit Event Notice or 
Risk Event Notice, as applicable, and where applicable, a Notice of Publicly Available 
Information nor will they have any duty or responsibility to investigate or check whether any 
Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, has, or may have, occurred or may be continuing. 
11. 
Relevant Time 
(a) 
Event timing 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 26 (Notices) and Credit Linked Condition 11(b) (Payment 
timing), in order to determine the day on which an event occurs for purposes of these Credit 
Linked Conditions, the demarcation of days shall be made by reference to Greenwich Mean 
Time (or Tokyo time if the Calculation Agent determines that Tokyo time is the market 
convention with respect to the relevant Reference Entity), irrespective of the time zone in which 
such event occurred. Any event occurring at midnight shall be deemed to have occurred 
immediately prior to midnight. 
(b) 
Payment timing 
Notwithstanding the definition of "Credit Event Notice" or "Risk Event Notice" and Credit 
Linked Condition 11(a) (Event timing), if a payment is not made by the relevant Reference 
Entity on its due date or, as the case may be, on the final day of the relevant Grace Period, then 
such failure to make a payment shall be deemed to have occurred on such day prior to midnight 
Greenwich Mean Time (or Tokyo time if the Calculation Agent determines that Tokyo time is 
the market convention with respect to the relevant Reference Entity), irrespective of the time 
zone of its place of payment.

--- Page 543 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
515 
 
12. 
Event Determination Date - Adjustment Payment and Ordering of Events 
(a) 
Occurrence of Event Determination Date 
If, following the determination of an Event Determination Date, such Event Determination Date 
is deemed by the Calculation Agent and/or the Issuer (i) to have occurred on a date that is 
different from the date that was originally determined to be the Event Determination Date, (ii) 
not to have occurred, or (iii) to have occurred prior to a preceding Interest Payment Date, then: 
(A) 
in respect of the event specified at (ii) only, where the Credit Linked Notes have not 
already been redeemed or written down in full, the redemption or writedown of the Credit 
Linked Notes shall be cancelled and the Credit Linked Notes shall continue in accordance 
with their terms as if the relevant Event Determination Date had not occurred; and 
(B) 
in respect of any of the events specified at (i), (ii) or (iii) above, the Calculation Agent 
will, in its sole and absolute discretion, determine (I) the adjustment payment, if any, that 
is payable to Securityholders to reflect any change that may be necessary to the amount 
previously calculated and/or paid in respect of the relevant Series; and (II) the date on 
which such adjustment payment is payable, if any and thereafter notify the Issuer of such 
adjustments. For the avoidance of doubt, no accruals of interest, shall be taken into 
account when calculating any such adjustment payment, 
and in the case of (iii) above, subject to Credit Linked Condition 2 (Interest on Credit Linked 
Notes). 
The Issuer shall endeavour to give notice to the Securityholders in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 26 (Notices) of the occurrence of any of the foregoing events as soon as 
practicable thereafter without the consent of Securityholders being required to make the above 
adjustments. 
(b) 
Ordering of Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date following multiple 
Credit Events or Risk Events 
If an Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, occurs in 
respect of more than one Reference Entity, if applicable, on the same day, the occurrence of the 
Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, will be determined 
chronologically in the order that either of the following events occurred with respect to such 
Reference Entity(ies): 
(i) 
the Credit Event Resolution Request Date (provided that if a Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date occurs in respect of more than one such Reference Entity on the same day, 
the first Reference Entity in respect of which the DC Secretary announces that the 
relevant DC Credit Event Question was effective and the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee was in possession of the relevant Publicly Available 
Information with respect to such DC Credit Event Question will be deemed to have 
satisfied this condition first) (a DC-determined EDD); or 
(ii) 
the delivery of the Credit Event Notice or Risk Event Notice, as applicable (provided 
that if any of the relevant Credit Event Notices or Risk Event Notices, as applicable, are 
delivered at the same time, in a sequential order determined by the Calculation Agent) 
(a Notice-determined EDD), 
provided that: 
(A) 
if a Notice-determined EDD is amended by the occurrence of a DC-determined 
EDD, the DC-determined EDD will govern; 
(B) 
if both (x) one or more DC-determined EDDs and (y) one or more Notice-
determined EDDs occur on the same day, any such DC-determined EDD shall be 
deemed to have occurred prior to any such Notice-determined EDD, 
notwithstanding the exact time of the occurrence of such events on such day; and

--- Page 544 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
516 
 
(C) 
if an M(M)R Restructuring has occurred and a Credit Event Notice is delivered 
following a DC Credit Event Announcement, the Relevant Credit Event and 
related Relevant Event Determination Date shall be construed as having occurred 
under Credit Linked Condition 12(b)(i) instead of Credit Linked Condition 
12(b)(ii). 
13. 
Scheduled Maturity Date Extension 
Where the Calculation Agent determines on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, in its sole 
and absolute discretion, that: 
(i) 
one or more Reference Entities: 
(x) 
may be subject to (A) a Credit Event or (B) a Risk Event, as applicable (including, 
without limitation, where a DC Credit Event Question has been submitted but the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has not declared a DC 
Credit Event Announcement, announced a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal, 
declared a DC No Credit Event Announcement or resolved whether or not to 
convene to resolve any issue); 
(y) 
is or may be subject to a Potential Failure to Pay, if "Grace Period Extension" is 
specified as being applicable in the relevant Issue Terms; or 
(z) 
is 
or 
may 
be 
subject 
to 
a 
Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium, 
if 
"Repudiation/Moratorium" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms;  
(ii) 
a Credit Event Notice or Risk Event Notice, as applicable, may be delivered after the 
Scheduled Maturity Date within an effective delivery period which may result in a 
Relevant Event Determination Date or a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as 
applicable, occurring; 
(iii) 
a Credit Event Resolution Request Date may occur after the Scheduled Maturity Date 
but during the Notice Delivery Period which may result in a Relevant Event 
Determination Date occurring;   
(iv) 
the final Credit Event Redemption Date in relation to any Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, or the Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date in 
relation to any Physical Redemption, as applicable, will only occur after the Scheduled 
Maturity Date (including any final Partial Cash Redemption Date or final Fallback Partial 
Cash Redemption Date, as applicable); 
(v) 
a Payment Failure Cut-Off Date in relation to a Payment/ Delivery Failure Event may 
occur after the Scheduled Maturity Date; or 
(vi) 
a RMB Currency Settlement Cut-Off Date may occur after the Scheduled Maturity Date, 
it shall notify the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent. The Issuer shall then notify the Securityholders 
and the Credit Linked Notes then outstanding shall not be redeemed on the Scheduled Maturity 
Date but shall instead be redeemed on the Extended Maturity Date. 
If any amount is payable on the Scheduled Maturity Date of a Credit Linked Note (including 
any interest payment) to which the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 13 (Scheduled 
Maturity Date Extension) apply, such amount shall fall due on the Extended Maturity Date and 
shall be payable without any interest or other sum payable in respect of the postponement of the 
payment of such amount. 
14. 
M(M)R Restructuring 
Securityholders should note that this Credit Linked Condition does not apply to Local Access 
Credit Linked Notes.

--- Page 545 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
517 
 
For the purposes of this Credit Linked Condition, the definitions of "Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount" and "Reference Entity Notional Amount" shall be construed in 
accordance with the provisions set out in Credit Linked Condition 22 (Successor Provisions) 
where apportionment of calculation amounts as a result of multiple successors being 
identified is to be applied. 
(a) 
Credit Event Notice after an M(M)R Restructuring 
Upon the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring, the Calculation Agent may deliver multiple 
Credit Event Notices with respect to such M(M)R Restructuring to the Issuer (who shall forward 
such notice(s) to the Fiscal Agent for onward delivery to the Securityholders), each such Credit 
Event Notice specifying either (i) the amount of the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Credit Linked Notes to which such Credit Event Notice applies or (ii) the Reference Entity 
Notional Amount of the Affected Reference Entity, to which such Credit Event Notice applies, 
as applicable, as determined by the Calculation Agent which may: 
(i) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Nth-to-Default 
Basket Credit Linked Notes, be less than the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount 
of such Credit Linked Notes; or 
(ii) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes, may be less than the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Affected 
Reference Entity, 
(such amounts specified in the Credit Event Notice, the Exercise Amount), provided that if the 
Credit Event Notice does not specify an Exercise Amount, then: 
(A) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Nth-to-
Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Credit Linked Notes immediately prior to the delivery of such 
Credit Event Notice; or 
(B) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the relevant Reference Entity Notional 
Amount outstanding in respect of the Affected Reference Entity immediately 
prior to the delivery of such Credit Event Notice,  
in either case, as determined by the Calculation Agent will be deemed to have been specified as 
the Exercise Amount. 
Accordingly, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Credit Linked Conditions, where 
an M(M)R Restructuring has occurred and a Credit Event Notice has been delivered for an 
Exercise Amount that is less than (i) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit 
Linked Notes, or (ii) the Reference Entity Notional Amount outstanding in respect of the 
Affected Reference Entity, in each case, as at the date immediately prior to the delivery of such 
Credit Event Notice, the provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be deemed to apply 
to a principal amount of the Credit Linked Notes equal to the Exercise Amount only and all the 
relevant provisions shall be construed accordingly. 
(b) 
Redemption of Credit Linked Notes following partial exercise 
If a Credit Event Notice has been delivered in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring that specifies 
an Exercise Amount that (x) in the case of Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Nth-to-Default 
Basket Credit Linked Notes, is less than the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit 
Linked Notes or, (y) in the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit 
Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
specifies an Exercise Amount that is less than the Affected Reference Entity's Reference Entity 
Notional Amount, then:

--- Page 546 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
518 
 
(i) 
the relevant provisions of Credit Linked Conditions 3 (Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes), 4 (Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes), 5 (Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Notes), 6 (Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes), 7 (Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes) and 8 (Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes) relating to the redemption or 
writedown of Credit Linked Notes shall apply to the Exercise Amount, including for the 
purposes of calculating the relevant Credit Event Redemption Amount or the Physical 
Redemption Assets to be Delivered to Securityholders or, in the case of Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, for the purposes of 
calculating the relevant Loss Amount, Recovery Amount and corresponding Index 
Tranched Incurred Loss Amount, Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount, Portfolio 
Tranched Incurred Loss Amount or Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount, as 
applicable. In such circumstances, the Calculation Agent may adjust such provisions of 
the Credit Linked Conditions and/or relevant Issue Terms as it determines appropriate to 
take account of this Credit Linked Condition 14 (M(M)R Restructuring), including the 
basis of the calculation of any Credit Event Redemption Amount, the Principal 
Writedown Amount or the Physical Redemption Assets to be Delivered to 
Securityholders; 
(ii) 
following any payment of a relevant Credit Event Redemption Amount or Delivery of 
the Physical Redemption Assets to Securityholders or any other determination made in 
respect of any Exercise Amount, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount or 
Reference Entity Notional Amount (as applicable) for the relevant Affected Reference 
Entity shall (in all cases without double counting) be reduced by an amount equal to the 
Exercise Amount (and for the avoidance of doubt, where applicable, the aggregate of the 
Reference Entity Notional Amounts shall be reduced accordingly). The Credit Linked 
Notes shall remain outstanding in an amount equal to the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount and interest (if applicable) shall accrue on the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount as provided for in General Condition 5 (Interest) and the Calculation 
Agent may thereafter deliver one or more further Credit Event Notices in respect of such 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount to which the Credit Linked Conditions shall 
continue to apply; and 
(iii) 
the Calculation Agent may adjust the provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions 
and/or the relevant Issue Terms in such manner as it may determine to be appropriate to 
account for such event. 
(c) 
Subsequent Credit Events 
For the avoidance of doubt (i) in the case of an Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note, once 
an M(M)R Restructuring has occurred in respect of the nth Reference Entity, no further Credit 
Event Notices may be delivered in respect of any Reference Entity other than the Affected 
Reference Entity that was the subject of the first occurring Restructuring Credit Event; and (ii) 
in the case of a Credit Linked Note subject to multiple successor determinations or a Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Note, an Index Untranched Credit Linked Note, an Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Note or a Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note, the fact that a Restructuring Credit 
Event has occurred in respect of a Reference Entity shall not preclude delivery of a Credit Event 
Notice in respect of any other Reference Entity. 
(d) 
Endorsement of Global Registered Note Certificate to reflect partial redemption 
If the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 14 (M(M)R Restructuring) apply in respect of the 
Credit Linked Notes, on any redemption of part of each such Credit Linked Note, the relevant 
Credit Linked Note or, if the Credit Linked Notes are represented by a Global Registered Note 
Certificate (as defined in the Fiscal Agency Agreement), such Global Registered Note 
Certificate, shall be endorsed to reflect such part redemption on the relevant Credit Event 
Redemption Date. 
(e) 
Exercise Amount 
The Exercise Amount in connection with a Credit Event Notice describing an M(M)R 
Restructuring must be (i) an amount that is at least 1,000,000 units of the Settlement Currency

--- Page 547 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
519 
 
(or, if Japanese Yen, 100,000,000 units) or an integral multiple thereof; or (ii) the entire 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes or the entire Reference 
Entity Notional Amount of the Affected Reference Entity, as applicable. 
The Exercise Amount must be an amount that (x) in the case of Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes or Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, is not greater than the Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal, or (y) in the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes, is not greater than the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Affected Reference 
Entity.  
The Exercise Amount shall be determined in the sole discretion of the Calculation Agent. 
15. 
Auction Redemption Terms 
(a) 
Fallback Redemption 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 21(d) (Redemption Suspension), if the Calculation Agent 
determines with respect to a Credit Event and any relevant Applicable DC Credit Event 
Question, Applicable Resolution and/or Applicable Auction, that: 
(i) 
an Auction Cancellation Date has occurred;  
(ii) 
a No Auction Announcement Date has occurred (and, in circumstances where such No 
Auction Announcement Date occurs pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 15(a) 
(Fallback Redemption) or sub-paragraphs (b) or (c)(ii) under the definition of "No 
Auction Announcement Date", the Calculation Agent has not exercised the Movement 
Option);  
(iii) 
a No Auction Announcement Date has occurred but the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has not determined that one or more Auctions will be held in 
accordance with any Transaction Auction Settlement Terms or, if applicable, Parallel 
Auction Settlement Terms;  
(iv) 
a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal occurs;  
(v) 
a Relevant Event Determination Date was determined pursuant to sub-paragraph (a) of 
the definition of "Standard Event Determination Date" or pursuant to sub-paragraph (a) 
of the definition of "Non-Standard Event Determination Date", and no Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date has occurred on or prior to the date falling three Business Days 
after such Relevant Event Determination Date, or  
(vi) 
a Relevant Event Determination Date was determined pursuant to sub-paragraph 
(b)(ii)(B)(II)(2) of the definition of "Non-Standard Event Determination Date", 
then, the Fallback Redemption Method shall apply and the Issuer shall redeem each Credit 
Linked Note in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 16 (Cash Redemption Terms) (if Cash 
Redemption is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the Fallback Redemption Method) or in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 17 (Physical Redemption Terms) (if Physical 
Redemption is specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the Fallback Redemption Method). 
(b) 
Movement Option 
If "Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation Applicable" or 
"Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation 
Applicable" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms and the Calculation Agent determines in 
respect of an M(M)R Restructuring that a No Auction Announcement Date has occurred 
pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) or (c)(ii) of the definition of "No Auction Announcement Date", 
the Calculation Agent may elect in its sole and absolute discretion to deliver a Notice to Exercise 
Movement Option to the Issuer (who will then send a subsequent notice to the Fiscal Agent for 
onward delivery to the Securityholders) at any time on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-
off Date. If a Notice to Exercise Movement Option is so delivered, then any redemption of the

--- Page 548 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
520 
 
Credit Linked Notes shall be effected by the Issuer by payment of the relevant Auction 
Redemption Amount on the relevant Auction Redemption Date(or, if "Credit Payment on 
Maturity" applies, by payment of the Final Auction Redemption Amount on the Final Auction 
Redemption Date), as applicable, and any such redemption and/or writedown of the Credit 
Linked Notes shall be determined on the basis of the Auction Final Price determined by 
reference to the relevant Parallel Auction identified by the Calculation Agent in the Notice to 
Exercise Movement Option. If a Notice to Exercise Movement Option is delivered by the 
Calculation Agent, all references in these Credit Linked Conditions to "Applicable Auction", 
"Applicable Auction Settlement Terms", "Auction Cancellation Date" and "Auction Final Price 
Determination Date" shall be deemed to be references to the "Parallel Auction", "Parallel 
Auction Settlement Terms" and "Parallel Auction Cancellation Date" and the terms of these 
Credit Linked Conditions shall be construed accordingly. 
(c) 
Auction Final Price of the Asset Package 
If an Asset Package Credit Event has occurred and the Auction Final Price for the Applicable 
Auction reflects the entire relevant Asset Package in respect of the Prior Deliverable 
Obligation(s) or Package Observable Bond(s), as applicable (including any cash forming part 
of the Asset Package and the Asset Market Value of any Non-Financial Instrument or Non-
Transferable Instrument), the Auction Redemption Amount, Final Auction Redemption 
Amount, Loss Amount or Recovery Amount (calculated for the purpose of determining the 
Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount, the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount (if any), 
Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount or the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount 
(if any), as applicable), as applicable, shall be determined using such Auction Final Price. 
(d) 
Delivery of Auction Redemption Amount Notice 
Regardless of whether "Credit Payment on Maturity" or "Credit Payment Following Credit 
Event" applies, following the Auction Final Price Determination Date, the Calculation Agent 
shall deliver the Auction Redemption Amount Notice to the Issuer and the Issuer shall deliver 
the Auction Redemption Amount Notice to the Fiscal Agent no later than five Business Days 
following the Auction Final Price Determination Date. The Fiscal Agent shall then, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, deliver the Auction Redemption Amount Notice to the Securityholders 
in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 26 (Notices). 
In the case of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, 
the Calculation Agent will inform the Issuer, for notification to the Fiscal Agent and the 
Securityholders, as soon as reasonably practicable following the determination thereof of (i) any 
Loss Amount or Recovery Amount in respect of an Affected Reference Entity, irrespective of 
whether the Aggregate Loss Amount or Aggregate Recovery Amount (if any), as applicable, is 
less than or equal to the Loss Threshold Amount or Recovery Threshold Amount, respectively, 
and (ii) any Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount and/or Index Tranched Incurred Recovery 
Amount or Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount and/or Portfolio Tranched Incurred 
Recovery Amount in respect of an Affected Reference Entity. 
16. 
Cash Redemption Terms 
(a) 
Determination of Final Price 
(i) 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 21(d) (Redemption Suspension), on the Valuation 
Date, the Calculation Agent shall commence determination of the Final Price using the 
Valuation Obligation to be valued. 
(ii) 
If: 
(A) 
"Include Accrued Interest" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Valuation Obligation shall include accrued 
but unpaid interest; 
(B) 
"Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Valuation Obligation shall not include 
accrued but unpaid interest; or

--- Page 549 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
521 
 
(C) 
neither "Include Accrued Interest" nor "Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine, based on the then 
current market practice in the market of the Valuation Obligation whether the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Valuation Obligation shall include or 
exclude accrued but unpaid interest and, if applicable, the amount thereof. 
(b) 
Delivery of Cash Redemption Amount Notice 
Regardless of whether "Credit Payment on Maturity" or "Credit Payment Following Credit 
Event" applies, the Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, after obtaining 
all Quotations for a Valuation Date and determining the Final Price (such date of determination, 
the Final Price Determination Date), provide the Issuer with a Cash Redemption Amount 
Notice. The Issuer shall deliver the Cash Redemption Amount Notice to the Fiscal Agent no 
later than five Business Days following the Final Price Determination Date. The Fiscal Agent 
shall then, as soon as reasonably practicable, deliver the Cash Redemption Amount Notice to 
the Securityholders in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 26 (Notices). 
In the case of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, 
the Calculation Agent will inform the Issuer, for notification to the Fiscal Agent and the 
Securityholders, as soon as reasonably practicable following the determination thereof of (i) any 
Loss Amount or Recovery Amount in respect of an Affected Reference Entity, irrespective of 
whether the Aggregate Loss Amount or Aggregate Recovery Amount (if any), as applicable, is 
less than or equal to the Loss Threshold Amount or Recovery Threshold Amount, respectively, 
and (ii) any incurred Loss Amount or incurred Recovery Amount in respect of an Affected 
Reference Entity. 
If an Asset Package Credit Event has occurred, (A) valuation of a Prior Deliverable Obligation 
or Package Observable Bond may be satisfied by valuation of the related Asset Package and 
such Asset Package shall be treated as having the same currency and Outstanding Principal 
Balance as that of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as applicable, 
to which it corresponds immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event and (B) if the Asset 
Package is zero, a Quotation shall be deemed to have been obtained for the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as 
applicable, equal to zero. 
(c) 
LA Cash Redemption Terms 
(i) 
Provision of Risk Event Notice 
Following the determination of a Relevant Risk Event by the Calculation Agent, the 
Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, deliver a Risk Event Notice 
to the Issuer, who shall thereafter forward such notice to the Fiscal Agent. The Fiscal 
Agent shall then, as soon as reasonably practicable, but not later than the LA Cash 
Redemption Date, deliver the Risk Event Notice to the Securityholders in accordance 
with Credit Linked Condition 26 (Notices). 
(ii) 
Determination of LA Recovery Amount 
The Calculation Agent shall determine the LA Recovery Amount on the LA Valuation 
Date. 
17. 
Physical Redemption Terms 
(a) 
Delivery of Physical Redemption Assets 
(i) 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 21(d) (Redemption Suspension) and notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in General Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase), and unless 
previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, if (a) Physical Redemption is 
specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms; or (b) 
Physical Redemption is applicable as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit 
Linked Condition 15 (Auction Redemption Terms) requires that the Issuer redeems the 
Credit Linked Notes in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 17 (Physical

--- Page 550 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
522 
 
Redemption Terms) following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, 
the Applicable Proportion of each Credit Linked Note, shall, subject to and in accordance 
with this Credit Linked Condition 17 (Physical Redemption Terms), be redeemed by, in 
respect of each Securityholder: (i) Delivery (at the risk of the relevant Securityholder) of 
the Physical Redemption Assets specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, on or prior to the Physical Redemption Date in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 17(b) (Physical Redemption Assets); and (ii) 
payment of the Partial Cash Redemption Amount or Fallback Cash Redemption Amount 
(if applicable) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 17(i) (Partial Cash 
Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) or any Asset Package Cash 
Redemption Amount (where applicable) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 
17(j)(iii) (Asset Package Delivery) pursuant to which the Issuer's obligations in respect 
of the redemption of the Applicable Proportions of each Credit Linked Note shall be fully 
and effectively discharged. 
(ii) 
In respect of Credit Linked Notes that are only partially redeemed, the remaining portion 
of each Credit Linked Note which is not so redeemed shall be redeemed on the later of 
(i) the later to occur of (a) the Scheduled Maturity Date and (b) the Extended Maturity 
Date, as applicable, at the Maturity Redemption Amount, and (ii) where the Credit 
Linked Notes early redeem in full, the Early Redemption Date, Optional Redemption 
Date or Substitution Event Date, as applicable. 
(iii) 
In order for the Credit Linked Notes to be redeemed in accordance with this Credit 
Linked Condition 17 (Physical Redemption Terms): 
(A) 
Upon receiving notification of the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event and a 
corresponding Notice of Physical Settlement from the Calculation Agent, the 
Issuer shall forward the relevant Credit Event Notice and such Notice of Physical 
Settlement to the Fiscal Agent for onward delivery to the Securityholders in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 26 (Notices) as soon as practicable and, 
in any case, prior to the relevant Physical Redemption Date. 
(B) 
The Calculation Agent may, at any time, deliver to the Issuer a NOPS 
Amendment Notice stating that the Issuer would be replacing, in whole or in part, 
the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or a 
prior NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, which such notice shall be sent to 
the Fiscal Agent for onward delivery to the Securityholders in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 26 (Notices). 
(C) 
The relevant Securityholder shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent (and where the 
relevant Credit Linked Note is in definitive form, to the Registrar), prior to 3.00 
p.m. (London) on the 10th Business Day following the date of effective delivery 
by the Fiscal Agent of the Notice of Physical Settlement to the Securityholders 
and, if relevant, any NOPS Amendment Notice, a duly completed notice in 
writing (a Deliverable Obligation Notice): 
(I) 
in the case of Credit Linked Notes represented by a Global Registered Note 
Certificate, specifying the Series number of the Credit Linked Notes which 
is the subject of the Deliverable Obligation Notice; 
(II) 
including such details as are required for the transfer or assignment of the 
Physical Redemption Assets which may include, without limitation, (a) 
the name, address and/or details of the relevant Securityholder's (or the 
Securityholder's designee's) account at Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
Euroclear or DTC, as applicable (the Relevant Clearing System), to be 
debited with such Physical Redemption Assets and/or any bank, broker, 
agent or designee of the Securityholder to whom documents evidencing 
the transfer of Physical Redemption Assets to be delivered; and (b) 
irrevocably instructing and authorising the Relevant Clearing Systems to 
debit the relevant Securityholder's account to complete Delivery;

--- Page 551 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
523 
 
(III) 
specifying the name and details of the account to which the Partial Cash 
Redemption Amount, Fallback Cash Redemption Amount or Asset 
Package Cash Redemption Amount (in each case, if any) is to be credited; 
(IV) 
containing an acknowledgment that an amount equal to each Credit Linked 
Note's pro rata share of all Unwind Costs, Delivery Expenses or Interest 
Suspension Shortfall Amount (in each case, if any) shall be deducted from 
the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount; 
(V) 
certifying, either (i) in respect of Credit Linked Notes represented by a 
Regulation S Global Registered Note Certificate (as defined in the Fiscal 
Agency Agreement), that the beneficial owner of each such Credit Linked 
Note is not a U.S. person (as defined in the Deliverable Obligation Notice), 
the Note is not being redeemed within the United States or on behalf of a 
U.S. person and no cash, notes or other property have been or will be 
delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a 
U.S. person in connection with any redemption thereof; or (ii) in respect 
of Credit Linked Notes represented by a Rule 144A Global Registered 
Note Certificate (as defined in the Fiscal Agency Agreement), that the 
beneficial owner of each such Credit Linked Note is a QIB; 
(VI) 
authorising the production of such certification in any applicable 
administrative or legal proceedings, as provided in the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement;  
(VII) if the Credit Linked Notes are in definitive form, including the definitive 
Credit Linked Notes;  
(VIII) providing a Euroclear screenshot of each Securityholder's holdings; and 
(IX) 
containing a confirmation that the Credit Linked Notes will not be 
transferred until Delivery is completed, subject in any case to any transfer 
restrictions. 
(iv) 
Forms of the Deliverable Obligation Notice will be delivered to the Securityholders 
together with the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable. 
(v) 
No Deliverable Obligation Notice may be withdrawn after receipt thereof by the 
Relevant Clearing System, the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar, as the case may 
be, as provided above. After delivery of a Deliverable Obligation Notice (i) such relevant 
Securityholder or its designee (on its behalf), as applicable, shall be the only person 
entitled to delivery of its portion of the Physical Redemption Assets, and as such (ii) the 
relevant Securityholder may not transfer the Credit Linked Notes which are the subject 
of such notice. 
(vi) 
Failure to properly complete and deliver a Deliverable Obligation Notice may result in 
such notice being treated as null and void and deemed to not have been provided. Any 
determination as to whether such notice has been properly completed and delivered as 
provided in these Credit Linked Conditions shall be made by the Calculation Agent, the 
Issuer or the Fiscal Agent, on the Issuer's behalf, and shall be conclusive and binding on 
the relevant Securityholder. 
(vii) 
Delivery of the Physical Redemption Assets and payment of the Partial Cash Redemption 
Amount or Fallback Cash Redemption Amount (in each case, if any) in respect of each 
Securityholder shall be made by the Issuer in accordance with the details specified in the 
applicable Deliverable Obligation Notice.

--- Page 552 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
524 
 
(b) 
Physical Redemption Assets 
(i) 
Subject to this Credit Linked Condition 17(b) (Physical Redemption Assets), the Issuer 
may only Deliver the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable. 
(ii) 
Until the date on which the Physical Redemption Assets have been fully Delivered, the 
Issuer or any other person (including the Issuer's Affiliates) will continue to be the legal 
holder of the Deliverable Obligations comprising the Physical Redemption Assets. None 
of the Issuer nor any such other person will (i) be under any obligation to deliver or 
procure delivery to any Securityholder or any other person any letter, certificate, notice, 
circular or any other document or payment whatsoever received by the Issuer or that 
other person in its capacity as legal holder of such Deliverable Obligations, (ii) be under 
any obligation to exercise or procure exercise of any or all rights (including voting rights) 
attaching to such Deliverable Obligations comprising the Physical Redemption Assets, 
(iii) be under any liability to such Securityholder or any other person in respect of any 
loss or damage which such Securityholder or other person may sustain or suffer as a 
result, whether directly or indirectly, of the Issuer or any other person being the legal 
holder of such Deliverable Obligations comprising the Physical Redemption Assets, or 
(iv) have any liability whatsoever to any Securityholder or any other person if, as a result 
of a Payment/Delivery Failure Event or for any other reason whatsoever (including 
without limitation Credit Linked Conditions 17(c) (Election to deliver alternative 
amount of Deliverable Obligations / Hedge Disruption Obligation) to 17(h) (Alternative 
Procedures Relating to Loans not Delivered)) or Credit Linked Condition 17(j)(iv) 
(Asset Package Delivery), it is unable to effect Delivery of any Deliverable Obligations 
comprising the Physical Redemption Assets and the obligations hereunder shall be 
satisfied by partial cash settlement or fallback cash redemption (if applicable) or shall 
cease, and be deemed to be fully discharged in accordance with the Credit Linked 
Conditions. 
(iii) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that all or any part of the Physical Redemption 
Assets that would be required to be Delivered to a Securityholder is not a whole integral 
multiple of the smallest unit of transfer for any such Physical Redemption Assets at the 
relevant time of Delivery, the Issuer will Deliver and such Securityholder will only be 
entitled to receive such portion of the Physical Redemption Assets specified by the Issuer 
which is as large a size as possible (as determined by the Calculation Agent, after 
consideration of such smallest unit or units of transfer and application of rounding to 
such amount, whether upwards or downwards to the nearest unit of transfer, in its sole 
discretion). Any portion of the Physical Redemption Assets not so delivered shall be 
deemed to have a value of zero and the Issuer's obligations to the Securityholders in 
respect of such portion shall be fully and effectively discharged. 
(c) 
Election to deliver alternative amount of Deliverable Obligations / Hedge Disruption 
Obligation 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Credit Linked Condition 17(a) (Delivery of Physical 
Redemption Assets), the Issuer may elect to Deliver to Securityholders Deliverable Obligations 
with an Outstanding Principal Balance or a Due and Payable Amount, as applicable (or the 
equivalent Currency Amount of any such amount), that is (i) greater than, or (ii) less than, that 
which each Securityholder would otherwise have been entitled to receive by way of Physical 
Redemption Assets.  
If: 
(i) 
the Issuer exercises its election pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 17(c) (Election 
to deliver alternative amount of Deliverable Obligations / Hedge Disruption Obligation); 
or  
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent determines that the Deliverable Obligations set out in the Notice 
of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, cannot be Delivered 
due to an event (including, without limitation, any delay in settlement of any Applicable

--- Page 553 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
525 
 
Auction) which results in the Issuer and/or its Affiliates not receiving the relevant 
Deliverable Obligations under its Hedging Positions (such obligations which cannot be 
Delivered, a Hedge Disruption Obligation),  
the Issuer may attempt to continue to Deliver without prejudice to the provisions set out in Credit 
Linked Condition 17(a) (Delivery of Physical Redemption Assets) and the Calculation Agent 
may (but is not obliged to) after taking into account costs to the Issuer, including the trading 
price of any alternative Deliverable Obligation, provide notice to the Issuer (which shall be 
forwarded to the Fiscal Agent for onward delivery to Securityholders) that alternative 
Deliverable Obligation(s) will be delivered in lieu of any other Deliverable Obligation specified 
in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, satisfying on 
the Physical Redemption Date and the Delivery Date, each of the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics, if any, specified in the relevant Issue Terms and otherwise satisfying the 
requirements to constitute a Deliverable Obligation (and such instrument shall be deemed 
specified in the NOPS Amendment Notice which will be effective notwithstanding the fact that 
it is deemed specified after the Physical Redemption Date). If no Delivery has been completed 
on or prior to the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, Cash Redemption shall be 
deemed to apply instead pursuant to the fallback cash redemption terms in Credit Linked 
Condition 17(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) with 
respect to the Deliverable Obligations that cannot be Delivered and the Issuer shall pay to each 
Securityholder each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of the Fallback Cash Redemption 
Amount on the Fallback Cash Redemption Date. For such purpose, the Deliverable Obligations 
that cannot be Delivered (including the Hedge Disruption Obligations) shall constitute an 
"Undelivered Deliverable Obligation" for the purposes of the application of Credit Linked 
Condition 17(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms). 
(d) 
Partial Cash Redemption due to Impossibility or Illegality  
If, due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer, it is impossible or illegal for the Issuer to 
Deliver, or due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer it is impossible or illegal for any 
Securityholder to accept Delivery of, any of the Deliverable Obligations (other than a Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond if an Asset Package Credit Event has 
occurred) specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable, on the Physical Redemption Date (including, without limitation, failure of the 
relevant clearance system or due to any law, regulation or court order, but excluding market 
conditions or the failure to obtain any requisite consent with respect to the Delivery of Loans), 
then on or before such date: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall Deliver and the Securityholder shall take Delivery of any of the 
Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, for which it is possible and legal to take Delivery; and 
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent shall provide a description in reasonable detail of the facts giving 
rise to such impossibility or illegality and, as soon as practicable thereafter, the Issuer 
shall Deliver and the Securityholder shall take Delivery of the Deliverable Obligations 
specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice as applicable 
which were not delivered on the Delivery Date.  
The date on which the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or 
NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, which were not Delivered and are subsequently 
Delivered shall be the date on which the Issuer is deemed to have completed Delivery of the 
Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment 
Notice, as applicable, relating to the Relevant Credit Event.  
If following the occurrence of any such impossibility or illegality, the amount of Deliverable 
Obligations that are to be Delivered as specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any 
NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, are not delivered to the Securityholders on or prior to 
the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, then Cash Redemption in accordance with the 
partial cash redemption terms in Credit Linked Condition 17(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms 
and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) shall apply with respect to the Deliverable Obligations 
that cannot be Delivered (the Undeliverable Obligations).

--- Page 554 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
526 
 
(e) 
Partial Cash Redemption of Consent Required Loans 
If: 
(i) 
the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS 
Amendment Notice include Consent Required Loans that, due to the non-receipt of any 
requisite consents, are not, on the Physical Redemption Date, capable of being assigned 
or novated to the Securityholder or its designee, as applicable, and such consents are not 
obtained or deemed given by the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date; and 
(ii) 
"Direct Loan Participation" is not specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic in 
the relevant Issue Terms, or "Direct Loan Participation" is specified as a Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic in the relevant Issue Terms and the relevant participation is not 
effected on or before the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, 
Cash Redemption pursuant to the partial cash redemption terms in Credit Linked Condition 17(i) 
(Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) shall be deemed to 
apply to the Credit Linked Notes with respect to the Deliverable Obligations specified in the 
Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, that consist of 
Consent Required Loans for which consents are not obtained or deemed given (the 
Undeliverable Loan Obligations). 
(f) 
Partial Cash Redemption of Assignable Loans 
If: 
(i) 
the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS 
Amendment Notice include Assignable Loans that, due to the non-receipt of any 
requisite consents, are not, on the Physical Redemption Date, capable of being assigned 
or novated to the Securityholder or its designee, as applicable, and such consents are not 
obtained or deemed given by the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date; and 
(ii) 
"Direct Loan Participation" is not specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic in 
the relevant Issue Terms, or "Direct Loan Participation" is specified as a Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic in the relevant Issue Terms and the relevant participation is not 
effected on or before the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, 
Cash Redemption pursuant to the partial cash redemption terms in Credit Linked Condition 17(i) 
(Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) shall be deemed to 
apply to the Credit Linked Notes with respect to the Deliverable Obligations specified in the 
Notice of Physical Settlement or last NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, that consist of 
Assignable Loans for which consents are not obtained or deemed given (the Unassignable 
Obligations). 
(g) 
Partial Cash Redemption of Participations 
If the Deliverable Obligations include Direct Loan Participations and the relevant participation 
is not effected on or before the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, Cash Redemption 
pursuant to the partial cash redemption terms in Credit Linked Condition 17(i) (Partial Cash 
Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) shall be deemed to apply to the 
Credit Linked Notes with respect to the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable that consist of Direct Loan 
Participations in respect of which the relevant participation is not effected (the Undeliverable 
Participations). 
(h) 
Alternative Procedures Relating to Loans not Delivered 
(i) 
If the Issuer has not Delivered any Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, that are Loans 
(other than any Loan which (i) is a Prior Deliverable Obligation which the Issuer has 
notified the Fiscal Agent it intends to Deliver an Asset Package in lieu thereof, or (ii) 
forms part of an Asset Package which the Issuer has notified the Fiscal Agent it intends

--- Page 555 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
527 
 
to Deliver) on or prior to the date that is five Business Days after the relevant Physical 
Redemption Date (the Loan Alternative Procedure Start Date), sub-paragraph (ii) of 
this Credit Linked Condition 17(h) (Alternative Procedures Relating to Loans not 
Delivered) shall apply unless (A) "Reference Obligation Only" has been specified as the 
Deliverable Obligation Category in the relevant Issue Terms, (B) in the case of a Consent 
Required Loan, "Partial Cash Redemption of Consent Required Loans" is specified as 
being applicable in the relevant Issue Terms (in which case Credit Linked Condition 
17(e) (Partial Cash Redemption of Consent Required Loans) shall apply), (C) in the case 
of an Assignable Loan, "Partial Cash Redemption of Assignable Loans" is specified as 
being applicable in the relevant Issue Terms (in which case Credit Linked Condition 
17(f) (Partial Cash Redemption of Assignable Loans)) shall apply), (D) in the case of a 
Direct Loan Participation, "Partial Cash Redemption of Participation" is specified as 
being applicable in the relevant Issue Terms (in which case Credit Linked Condition 
17(g) (Partial Cash Redemption of Participations) shall apply) or (E) in any case, such 
failure to Deliver is due to an event described in Credit Linked Condition 17(d) (Partial 
Cash Redemption due to Impossibility or Illegality) (in which case Credit Linked 
Condition 17(d) (Partial Cash Redemption due to Impossibility or Illegality) shall apply). 
(ii) 
If the Issuer has failed to obtain the requisite consents to Deliver a Loan specified in the 
Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, at any 
time after the 15th Business Day following the Loan Alternative Procedure Start Date, 
the Issuer may (but is not obliged to) Deliver, in lieu of all or part of such Loan and after 
taking into account costs to the Issuer, including the trading price of any alternative 
Deliverable Obligation, any, subject to "Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully 
Transferable Obligation" or "Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation", Bond that is Transferable and Not Bearer or any 
Assignable Loan, and having on both the Physical Redemption Date and the Delivery 
Date each of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics (other than Consent Required 
Loan or Direct Loan Participation), if any, specified in the relevant Issue Terms and 
otherwise satisfying the requirements to constitute a Deliverable Obligation (and such 
instrument shall be deemed specified in the NOPS Amendment Notice which will be 
effective notwithstanding the fact that it is deemed specified after the Physical 
Redemption Date), such instrument may be further delivered by the Issuer to the 
Securityholders without the consent of any person being required. In the event that the 
Deliverable Obligations or other Deliverable Obligations to be delivered in lieu of all or 
part of such Loan are not Delivered on or prior to the Latest Permissible Physical 
Settlement Date, Cash Redemption shall be deemed to apply instead pursuant to the 
fallback cash redemption terms in Credit Linked Condition 17(i) (Partial Cash 
Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) with respect to the Loans 
specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable, or alternative Deliverable Obligation, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
and the Issuer shall pay Securityholder each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of the 
Fallback Cash Redemption Amount on the Fallback Cash Redemption Date. For such 
purpose, the Deliverable Obligations not Delivered shall constitute "Undelivered 
Deliverable Obligations" for the purposes of the application of Credit Linked Condition 
17(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms). 
(i) 
Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms 
The following terms apply for the purposes of the partial cash redemption terms referred to in 
Credit Linked Conditions 17(d) (Partial Cash Redemption due to Impossibility or Illegality) to 
17(h) (Alternative Procedures Relating to Loans not Delivered) and for the purposes of the 
fallback cash redemption terms referred to in Credit Linked Condition 20(b) (Payment/Delivery 
Failure Event – failure to deliver): 
(i) 
If Cash Redemption is deemed to apply pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition, the 
Issuer shall pay in respect of the portion of the Physical Redemption Assets 
corresponding to the applicable Undeliverable Obligation, Undeliverable Loan 
Obligation, Undeliverable Participation or Unassignable Obligation (each an 
Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation) the Partial Cash Redemption Amount on the 
Partial Cash Redemption Date, and in respect of the Physical Redemption Assets which

--- Page 556 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
528 
 
cannot be delivered as described in Credit Linked Conditions 20(b) (Payment/Delivery 
Failure Event – failure to deliver), 17(c) (Election to deliver alternative amount of 
Deliverable Obligations / Hedge Disruption Obligation), 17(g) (Partial Cash 
Redemption of Participations) or 17(j)(iv) (Asset Package Delivery) (each, an 
Undelivered Deliverable Obligation), the Issuer shall pay in respect of the portion of 
the Physical Redemption Assets corresponding to the applicable Undeliverable 
Deliverable Obligations, the Fallback Cash Redemption Amount on the Fallback Cash 
Redemption Date (each as determined in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 
17(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms)); 
(ii) 
Partial Cash Redemption Amount means an aggregate amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in respect of all Undeliverable Deliverable Obligations representing 
in respect of each Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation, an amount equal to the greater 
of (A) (I) the Outstanding Principal Balance, the Due and Payable Amount or the 
Currency Amount, as applicable, of such Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation (or in the 
case of an Asset Package, of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable 
Bond), as the case may be, multiplied by (II) the Final Price with respect to such 
Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation, as determined by the Calculation Agent (in its 
discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner), minus (III) Unwind Costs, if 
any and (B) zero;  
(iii) 
Partial Cash Redemption Date and Fallback Cash Redemption Date means the date 
as selected by the Calculation Agent up to and including the date falling 10 Business 
Days following the Final Price Determination Date; 
(iv) 
Fallback Cash Redemption Amount has the same meaning as set out in "Partial Cash 
Redemption Amount", provided that each reference therein to "Undeliverable 
Deliverable Obligation" shall be deemed to be a reference to "Undelivered Deliverable 
Obligation"; 
(v) 
Reference Obligation means, in respect of the determination of the Partial Cash 
Redemption Amount, each Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation and in respect of the 
determination of the Fallback Cash Redemption Amount, each Undelivered Deliverable 
Obligation; 
(vi) 
Valuation Date means the date that is two Business Days after the Latest Permissible 
Physical Settlement Date; 
(vii) 
Valuation Method means Highest or, if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained, 
Market Value; 
(viii) Quotation Method means Bid; 
(ix) 
Quotation Amount means, with respect to each type or issue of Undeliverable 
Deliverable Obligation or Undelivered Deliverable Obligation, an amount equal to the 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount (or, in either case, its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency which shall be converted by the 
Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner by reference to exchange rates 
in effect at the time that the relevant Quotation is being obtained), as applicable, of such 
Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation or Undelivered Deliverable Obligation, as 
applicable, as the case may be. The Calculation Agent may in its discretion, acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner, round up or down the Quotation Amount for the 
purposes of seeking a Quotation; 
(x) 
Valuation Time means the time specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, or if no 
such time is specified, the time specified by the Calculation Agent, which shall be as 
close as reasonably practicable to 11:00 a.m. in the principal trading market for 
transactions in the Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation or Undelivered Deliverable 
Obligation, as applicable, unless the Calculation Agent determines that the principal 
trading market for transactions in the Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation or 
Undelivered Deliverable Obligation, as applicable, would be closed at such time or such

--- Page 557 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
529 
 
transactions are not being conducted in sufficient volume (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner) at such 
time, in which event the Valuation Time shall be such other time as may be specified by 
the Calculation Agent that such principal market is open; 
(xi) 
Market Value means, with respect to an Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation or an 
Undelivered Deliverable Obligation, as applicable, on a Valuation Date, (A) if more than 
three Full Quotations are obtained the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations, 
disregarding the Full Quotations having the same highest and lowest values (and, if more 
than one such Full Quotations have the same highest and lowest value, then one of such 
highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); (B) if exactly three Full 
Quotations are obtained, the Full Quotation remaining after disregarding the highest and 
lowest Full Quotations (and, if more than one such Full Quotations have the same highest 
or lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); 
(C) if exactly two Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full 
Quotations; (D) if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained then, subject to sub-
paragraph (B) of the definition of "Quotation" below, an amount that the Calculation 
Agent shall determine on the next Business Day on which two or more Full Quotations 
are obtained; and (E) if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained on the same Business 
Day on or prior to the tenth Business Day following the Valuation Date, the Market 
Value shall be any Full Quotation obtained from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation 
Time on such tenth Business Day or, if no Full Quotation is obtained, the Market Value 
shall be determined as provided in limbs (B) to (D) of the definition of "Quotation" 
below; 
(xii) 
Quotation means each Full Quotation obtained and expressed as a percentage of either 
(a) if the Reference Obligation is not an Asset Package, the Reference Obligation's 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, or (b) if the 
Reference Obligation is an Asset Package, the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and 
Payable Amount, as applicable, of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond to which the Asset Package relates, in each case, with respect to a 
Valuation Date in the manner that follows: 
(A) 
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to each 
Valuation Date from five or more Quotation Dealers. If the Calculation Agent is 
unable to obtain two or more such Full Quotations on the Valuation Date, then on 
the next following Business Day (and, if necessary, on each Business Day 
thereafter until the tenth Business Day following the relevant Valuation Date) the 
Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations from five or more 
Quotation Dealers. 
(B) 
If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more Full Quotations on the 
same Business Day on or prior to the tenth Business Day following the Valuation 
Date, the Quotations shall be deemed to be any Full Quotation obtained from a 
Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day, or, if no Full 
Quotation is obtained, the Quotations shall be deemed to be zero. 
(C) 
All Quotations shall be obtained in accordance with the specification or 
determination made pursuant to Credit Linked Note Condition 2(b) (Suspension 
of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event); 
(D) 
The Calculation Agent shall determine based on the then current market practice 
in the market of the relevant Undeliverable Obligation, Undeliverable Loan 
Obligation, Undeliverable Participation, Unassignable Obligation or Undelivered 
Deliverable Obligation, whether such Quotations shall include or exclude accrued 
but unpaid interest.

--- Page 558 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
530 
 
(j) 
Asset Package Delivery 
(i) 
If an Asset Package Credit Event occurs then "Asset Package Delivery" will apply unless 
(A) such Asset Package Credit Event occurs prior to the Credit Event Backstop Date 
determined in respect of the Credit Event specified in the Credit Event Notice or DC 
Credit Event Announcement applicable to an Event Determination Date, (B) if the 
Reference Entity is a Sovereign, no Package Observable Bond exists immediately prior 
to such Asset Package Credit Event, or (C) the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and 
"Sovereign Reference Entity No Asset Package Delivery" is specified as "Applicable" in 
the relevant Issue Terms (even if such a Package Observable Bond has been published 
by ISDA). 
(ii) 
If Asset Package Delivery applies, (A) Delivery of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a 
Package Observable Bond forming part of the Physical Redemption Assets which is 
specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable, may be satisfied by Delivery of the related Asset Package, and such Asset 
Package shall be treated as having the same currency, Outstanding Principal Balance or 
Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, as the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond to which it corresponds had immediately prior to the Asset Package 
Credit Event, (B) the definition of "Deliver" shall be deemed to apply to each Asset in 
the Asset Package, provided that if any such Asset is not a Bond, it shall be treated as if 
it were a Loan for this purpose, (C) if the Asset Package is zero, the Outstanding Amount 
of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond shall be deemed to have 
been Delivered in full three Business Days following the date on which the Issuer has 
notified the Fiscal Agent of the detailed description of the Asset Package that it intends 
to Deliver in accordance with the definition of "Notice of Physical Settlement", (D) the 
Issuer may satisfy its obligation to make Delivery of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or 
Package Observable Bond in part by Delivery of each Asset in the Asset Package in the 
correct proportion and (E) if the relevant Asset is a Non-Transferable Instrument or Non-
Financial Instrument, the Asset shall be deemed to be an amount of cash equal to the 
Asset Market Value, converted if necessary into the currency of denomination of the 
Credit Linked Notes at the prevailing market rate of exchange determined by the 
Calculation Agent in good faith. 
(iii) 
Notwithstanding the preceding sub-paragraphs of this Credit Linked Condition 17(j) 
(Asset Package Delivery), the Issuer may elect in lieu of delivering all or any part of the 
Asset Package (such assets, the Non-Deliverable Asset Package) as Physical 
Redemption Assets to pay to the Securityholders the Asset Market Value of the Non-
Deliverable Asset Package, converted if necessary, into the currency of denomination of 
the Credit Linked Notes at the prevailing market rate of exchange determined by the 
Calculation Agent in good faith (such cash payment the Asset Package Cash 
Redemption Amount). Payment of the Asset Package Cash Redemption Amount shall 
be made on or before the tenth Business Day following determination of the Asset 
Market Value of the Non-Deliverable Asset Package and such date of payment shall be 
deemed to be the Physical Redemption Date.  
In determining the Asset Market Value, the Calculation Agent may also deem Cash 
Redemption to apply pursuant to the fallback cash redemption terms in Credit Linked 
Condition 17(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) 
with respect to the Asset Package and the Issuer shall pay each Securityholder each 
Credit Linked Note's pro rata  amount of the Fallback Cash Redemption Amount on the 
Fallback Cash Redemption Date in satisfaction of its payment obligation with respect to 
the Asset Package Cash Redemption Amount. For such purpose, the related Asset 
Package shall constitute an "Undelivered Deliverable Obligation" for the purposes of the 
application of Credit Linked Condition 17(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and 
Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) and the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date 
shall be the date the Calculation Agent deems Cash Redemption to apply. 
(iv) 
If the Issuer has not satisfied its obligation to make Delivery of the Prior Deliverable 
Obligation or Package Observable Bond in part by Delivery of each Asset in the Asset 
Package in the correct proportion on or prior to the Latest Permissible Physical

--- Page 559 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
531 
 
Settlement Date, the Issuer may (but is not obliged to) instead Deliver, after taking into 
account costs to the Issuer, including the trading price of any alternative Deliverable 
Obligation, any other Deliverable Obligation selected the Issuer and having on both the 
Physical Redemption Date and the Delivery Date each of the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics, if any, specified in the relevant Issue Terms and otherwise satisfying the 
requirements to constitute a Deliverable Obligation (and such Deliverable Obligation 
shall be deemed specified in a NOPS Amendment Notice which will be effective 
notwithstanding the fact that it is deemed specified after the Physical Redemption Date). 
If Delivery of the Asset Package or any other Deliverable Obligation in lieu of the same 
is not completed on or prior to the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, Cash 
Redemption shall be deemed to apply instead pursuant to the fallback cash redemption 
terms in Credit Linked Condition 17(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback 
Cash Redemption Terms) with respect to the Asset Package which has not been 
Delivered and the Issuer shall pay each Securityholder their Credit Linked Note's pro 
rata share of the Fallback Cash Redemption Amount on the Fallback Cash Redemption 
Date. 
(v) 
For such purpose, the entire Asset Package shall constitute an "Undelivered Deliverable 
Obligation" for the purposes of the application of Credit Linked Condition 17(i) (Partial 
Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) and the Issuer shall pay 
the Securityholder the Fallback Cash Redemption Amount on the Fallback Cash 
Redemption Date. 
(k) 
LA Physical Redemption Terms 
(i) 
Provision of Risk Event Notice 
Following the determination of a Risk Event by the Calculation Agent shall, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, deliver the Risk Event Notice to the Issuer, who shall thereafter 
forward such notice to the Fiscal Agent. The Fiscal Agent shall then, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, but not later than the LA Physical Redemption Date, deliver the 
Risk Event Notice to the Securityholders in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 26 
(Notices). In order for the Local Access Credit Linked Notes to be redeemed in 
accordance with this Credit Linked Condition, the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 
17(a)(iii) shall also apply to Local Access Credit Linked Notes save that the words 
"Physical Redemption Assets", "Credit Event" and "Credit Event Notice" shall be 
construed as "LA Settlement Assets", "Risk Event" and "Risk Event Notice" accordingly. 
(ii) 
Delivery of LA Settlement Assets 
Unless previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, if LA Physical 
Redemption is specified as the Risk Event Redemption Method in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Applicable Proportion of each Local Access Credit Linked Note shall be 
redeemed by: (i) Delivery (at the risk of the relevant Securityholder) of each Local 
Access Credit Linked Notes pro rata share of the principal amount of LA Settlement 
Assets of an amount equal to the Applicable Principal Currency Amount less Unwind 
Costs (rounded down to the nearest integral authorised denomination of the LA 
Settlement Assets), Delivery Expenses (if any) on or prior to the LA Physical 
Redemption Date; and (ii) payment of the Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount 
(if any) (as set out in Credit Linked Condition 17(k)(iii) (Payment of the Undeliverable 
LA Cash Redemption Amount (if any)). 
(iii) 
Payment of the Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount (if any) 
Upon Delivery of the LA Settlement Assets, the Issuer's obligations in respect of the 
redemption of the Applicable Proportion of each Local Access Credit Linked Note shall 
be fully and effectively discharged, provided that if in the determination of the Issuer: 
(A) 
due to circumstances beyond the control of the Issuer, it is or would be impossible, 
illegal or in breach of any restriction (whether regulatory, fiduciary or contractual) 
to obtain, hold or deliver some or all of the LA Settlement Assets (including any

--- Page 560 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
532 
 
such LA Settlement Assets held by or on behalf of the Issuer and/or any Affiliate) 
to the Securityholders, including circumstances in which a Market Disruption 
Event is subsisting; and/or 
(B) 
due to circumstances beyond the control of the Issuer, it is or would be 
impracticable (whether on grounds of illiquidity or otherwise) and/or it is not 
commercially reasonable for the Issuer to obtain, hold or deliver some or all of 
the LA Settlement Assets (including any such LA Settlement Assets held by or 
on behalf of the Issuer and/or any Affiliate) to the Securityholders; and/or 
(C) 
due to circumstances within the control of the Securityholders (including, without 
limitation, the Securityholders not having opened or notified the Issuer of its 
specified account, given any required certifications or as a result of limb (b) of 
the definition of Payment/Delivery Failure Event occurring), the Issuer is unable 
to arrange, or conditions are not fulfilled, for the delivery of some or all LA 
Settlement Assets, 
and such circumstances continue up to and including the LA Physical Redemption Date, 
then the Issuer shall have no further delivery obligations hereunder to the Securityholders 
with respect to those LA Settlement Assets which are affected by such circumstances 
described in (A), (B) or (C) above (the Undeliverable Assets) and the Issuer shall, in 
respect of the Undeliverable Assets in respect of any Local Access Credit Linked Note 
held by a Securityholder, pay to the specified account of that Securityholder on the LA 
Cash Redemption Date the Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount. 
(iv) 
Determination of Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount 
The Calculation Agent shall determine the Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount 
on the LA Valuation Date. 
18. 
Fixed Recovery Redemption Terms 
(a) 
Redemption at the Fixed Recovery Redemption Amount 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 21 (Effect of DC Resolutions), unless previously redeemed 
in full or purchased and cancelled, if Fixed Recovery Redemption is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms, then following the occurrence of a 
Relevant Event Determination Date, the Applicable Proportion of each Credit Linked Note shall 
redeem or be written down in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 16 (Cash Redemption 
Terms), provided that: 
(i) 
the Final Price shall be deemed to be determined at the Fixed Recovery Percentage 
(specified in the relevant Issue Terms with respect to an Affected Reference Entity and 
the related Relevant Event Determination Date) and the Cash Redemption Amount or 
the Final Cash Redemption Amount, as applicable, shall be determined using such Fixed 
Recovery Percentage, as further set out in the definitions of "Cash Redemption Amount" 
and "Final Cash Redemption Amount" in Credit Linked Condition 29 (Definitions);  
(ii) 
the "Final Price Determination Date" shall be the date on which the Final Price is deemed 
to be determined at the Fixed Recovery Percentage; and 
(iii) 
Single Valuation Date will be deemed to have been specified as the applicable Valuation 
Date on which the Cash Redemption Amount or the Final Cash Redemption Amount, as 
applicable, shall be determined. 
(b) 
Fixed Recovery Percentage of zero 
If the Fixed Recovery Percentage is zero, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the occurrence of the relevant Cash Redemption Date or Final Cash 
Redemption Date, as applicable, shall fully and effectively discharge the Issuer's obligation to 
redeem the Applicable Proportion of the relevant Note.

--- Page 561 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
533 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, in such circumstance, the loss amount in respect of an Affected 
Reference Entity will be deemed to be 100 per cent. and, accordingly, no amounts will be 
payable or assets deliverable to the Securityholders. The Securityholders will bear the loss of 
their entire principal and no liability shall attach to the Issuer. 
19. 
Redemption upon Merger Event 
If "Redemption following Merger" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
in the event that the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent determines, in its discretion, acting in 
a commercially reasonable manner, that a Merger Event has occurred, the Issuer may give notice 
to the Securityholders in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 26 (Notices) and redeem 
each Credit Linked Note in full or in part on the Early Redemption Date at the Merger 
Redemption Amount. 
This Credit Linked Condition shall not apply in respect of Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked 
Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes. 
20. 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event 
(a) 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to pay 
This Credit Linked Condition 20(a) (Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to pay) shall not 
apply where an Underlying RMB Currency Event has occurred (in which case, Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(k) (Occurrence of an Underlying RMB Currency Event) shall apply). 
If an event constituting a Payment/Delivery Failure Event under limb (a) of such definition has 
occurred and exists, subject to sub-paragraph (c) below, the obligation of the Issuer to pay the 
relevant amount will be postponed until such time that the Payment/Delivery Failure Event no 
longer exists or is cured (including, without limitation, where the Securityholder requests the 
Issuer in writing to make payment of such amount to such other account or to such other person 
as the Securityholder specifies and represents to the Issuer that such payment to its designee 
will discharge the Issuer's obligations to the Securityholder in respect of such payment). Where 
such postponement applies, the Issuer shall give notice of such postponement to the 
Securityholders (Payment Failure Event Notice) as soon as reasonably practicable in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 26 (Notices). 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Credit Linked Conditions, if the Issuer 
determines (in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner) that such 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event continues to exist for such number of Business Days specified 
in the Issue Terms or, if no number of Business Days is specified in the Issue Terms, 90 Business 
Days following the later to occur of (a) any scheduled payment date or the (b) Scheduled 
Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date, as applicable (the Payment Failure Cut-Off Date) 
in respect of an amount required to be paid (including where the Securityholder has not elected 
for payment to be made to a third party or other account (if applicable) in accordance with sub-
paragraph (c) above), no such payment will be made by the Issuer and the Issuer's obligations 
to the Securityholder hereunder will be deemed to be fully discharged as of that date. 
(b) 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to deliver 
This Credit Linked Condition 20(b) (Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to deliver) shall 
not apply to Local Access Credit Linked Notes (instead, Credit Linked Condition 17(k)(iii) 
(Payment of the Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount (if any)) shall apply). 
If an event constituting a Payment/Delivery Failure Event under limb (b) of such definition has 
occurred, the obligations of the Issuer to procure Delivery of the Physical Redemption Assets 
to such Securityholder shall, subject to Credit Linked Conditions 17(a) (Delivery of Physical 
Redemption Assets) and 21(d) (Redemption Suspension) cease and if "Fallback Cash 
Redemption" is specified to apply in the relevant Issue Terms, Cash Redemption shall be 
deemed to apply instead pursuant to the fallback cash redemption terms in Credit Linked 
Condition 17(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) with 
respect to the Physical Redemption Assets that cannot be Delivered on or prior to the Latest

--- Page 562 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
534 
 
Permissible Physical Settlement Date and the Issuer shall pay each Securityholder each Credit 
Linked Note's pro rata share of the Fallback Cash Redemption Amount on the Fallback Cash 
Redemption Date. For such purpose, the Physical Redemption Assets shall constitute an 
"Undelivered Deliverable Obligations" for the purposes of application of Credit Linked 
Condition 17(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms).   
If "Fallback Cash Redemption" is not specified to apply in the relevant Issue Terms and if such 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event continues to exist on the Latest Permissible Physical 
Settlement Date, the Issuer shall have no further liability or obligation whatsoever in respect of 
such Credit Linked Note and no obligation to deliver the Physical Redemption Assets on or after 
the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date. However, if the Payment/Delivery Failure 
Event ceases to exist or is cured prior to the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, the 
obligation of the Issuer to Deliver the Physical Redemption Assets will be postponed to a date 
determined by the Issuer to be no later than 10 Business Days following the Latest Permissible 
Physical Settlement Date (the Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date). 
(c) 
No additional interest 
Any postponement or deemed discharge of payment pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 
20 (Payment/Delivery Failure Event) will not constitute a default hereunder (including for the 
purpose of the definition of Events of Default and will not entitle the relevant Securityholder to 
any additional interest or other payment as a result thereof. 
21. 
Effect of DC Resolutions 
(a) 
Binding notice 
Any DC Resolution of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will be 
binding with respect to the relevant Credit Linked Notes in accordance with these Credit Linked 
Conditions. 
(b) 
Event Determination Dates 
(i) 
Determinations by the Calculation Agent 
A Relevant Event Determination Date which is determined by the Calculation Agent to 
apply to the Credit Linked Notes will be binding with respect to the relevant Credit 
Linked Notes. 
(ii) 
Reversal of DC Credit Event Announcement 
If a prior DC Resolution or the occurrence of an Event Determination Date is 
subsequently reversed prior to the relevant Auction Final Price Determination Date, a 
Physical Redemption Date, redemption of the Credit Linked Notes in full, a Valuation 
Date or a Delivery Date, a Credit Event shall be deemed not to have occurred with respect 
to the relevant Reference Entity for the purposes of these Credit Linked Conditions. 
(iii) 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes, an Event Determination Date may occur in respect of 
each Reference Entity referenced in the basket or Index, as applicable, provided that, 
other than in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring, an Event Determination Date shall 
apply only once to each such Reference Entity. 
(iv) 
Multiple successor determinations 
Where multiple successors have been determined in respect of a Reference Entity in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 22 (Successor Provisions), an Event 
Determination Date may occur in respect of each successor Reference Entity.

--- Page 563 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
535 
 
(c) 
Determinations in respect of Successors and Substitute Reference Obligations 
If a DC Resolution relating to Successors or Substitute Reference Obligations is subsequently 
reversed after the identification of a Successor or a Substitute Reference Obligation by the 
Calculation Agent, such prior DC Resolution shall be disregarded for the purposes of these 
Credit Linked Conditions. 
(d) 
Redemption Suspension 
If, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date but prior to the relevant 
Credit Event Redemption Date, Delivery Date or, to the extent applicable, a Valuation Date in 
respect of a Reference Entity, there is an Applicable DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement, 
all timing requirements in these Credit Linked Conditions that pertain to redemption shall toll 
and remain suspended until the date of the Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement or 
Applicable DC Credit Event Question Dismissal, as applicable. During such suspension period, 
the Issuer is not obliged to take any action in connection with the settlement of such Credit 
Event or the redemption, if any, of the Credit Linked Notes. Once the relevant DC Credit Event 
Announcement or DC Credit Event Question Dismissal has occurred, the relevant timing 
requirements that pertain to redemption that have previously tolled or been suspended shall 
resume on the Business Day following such public announcement by the DC Secretary with the 
Issuer having the benefit of the full day notwithstanding when the tolling or suspension began. 
The Issuer shall deliver, or cause the Fiscal Agent to deliver, a notice (a Redemption 
Suspension Notice) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 26 (Notices) to the 
Securityholders giving notice of any suspension of timing requirements pursuant to this Credit 
Linked Condition 21 (Effect of DC Resolutions). 
22. 
Successor Provisions 
(a) 
Eligible Successors 
An entity may only be a Successor if: 
(i) 
either (A) the related Succession Date occurs on or after the Successor Backstop Date, 
or (B) such entity is a Universal Successor in respect of which the Succession Date 
occurred on or after 1 January 2014; 
(ii) 
the Reference Entity had at least one Relevant Obligation outstanding immediately prior 
to the Succession Date and such entity succeeds to all or part of at least one Relevant 
Obligation of the Reference Entity;  
(iii) 
where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, such entity succeeded to the Relevant 
Obligations by way of a Sovereign Succession Event; and 
(iv) 
in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes and Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes, the Successor is an entity identified by the relevant Index Sponsor on or following 
the earlier of the Effective Date and the Trade Date where the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has, in relation to a Successor Resolution Request Date, not 
identified a Successor in accordance with the DC Rules). 
(b) 
Successor Determinations 
Subject to the restrictions set out under Credit Linked Condition 6(h) (Restriction on Delivery 
of Credit Event Notice or Successor Notice) and 7(h) (Restriction on Delivery of Credit Event 
Notice or Successor Notice) in relation to Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes and Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes only, the Calculation Agent will be responsible for determining, 
as soon as reasonably practicable after delivery of a Successor Notice and with effect from the 
Succession Date, any Successor or Successors in accordance with the definition of "Successor", 
provided that the Calculation Agent will not make such determination if, at the time of the 
determination, the DC Secretary has publicly announced that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved that there is no Successor based on the relevant 
succession to Relevant Obligations.

--- Page 564 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
536 
 
The Calculation Agent will make all calculations and determinations required to be made under 
this definition on the basis of Eligible Information and will notify the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent 
of any such calculation or determination as soon as practicable. In calculating the percentages 
used to determine whether an entity qualifies as a Successor under this Credit Linked Condition 
22(b) (Successor Determinations), if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall consider 
all related successions in respect of such Steps Plan in aggregate as if forming part of a single 
succession. 
Notwithstanding the above, the Calculation Agent may, but is not obliged to, rely on the 
determination of any Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee as to whether any Successor 
has been identified. 
(c) 
Substitute Reference Obligations following a Successor Event 
Where any one or more Successors have not assumed a Non-Standard Reference Obligation, a 
Substitute Reference Obligation will be determined, where the Calculation Agent deems 
appropriate, in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 24(b) (Substitute Reference 
Obligation). 
(d) 
Transaction Types of Successor Reference Entities 
If the Transaction Type applicable to a Successor differs from the Transaction Type of the 
Reference Entity in respect of which the Successor has been identified, notwithstanding such 
difference, the Transaction Type of the Reference Entity in respect of which the Successor has 
been identified shall, with effect from the Succession Date, continue to apply to the Successor. 
(e) 
Succession in respect of multiple Reference Entities simultaneously 
If two or more Reference Entities are subject to one or more successions simultaneously or the 
order of such succession cannot be determined from Eligible Information, then each such 
Reference Entity shall be deemed to have been subject to a separate succession, with all such 
successions occurring in the order determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(f) 
Single Successor 
Where the Calculation Agent determines that there is a single Successor in respect of a 
Reference Entity, such Successor shall, with effect from the Succession Date, be a Reference 
Entity for the purpose of the Notes (and, for the avoidance of doubt, the Reference Entity in 
respect of which the Successor has been identified shall cease to be a Reference Entity with 
effect from the Succession Date unless it has also been identified as a Successor), provided that, 
in the case of Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, (a) if the Successor is not an Nth-to-
Default Non Succession Reference Entity (as defined below), the Reference Entity Count will 
be the Reference Entity Count of the Nth-to-Default Succession Reference Entity (as defined 
below) and (b) if an Nth-to-Default Succession Reference Entity would be a Successor to an 
Nth-to-Default Non Succession Reference Entity, the provisions set out in Credit Linked 
Condition 22(h)(ii)(F) (Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes) shall equally apply in the 
case of a single Successor. 
(g) 
Joint Potential Successors 
If two or more entities (each, a Joint Potential Successor) jointly succeed to a Relevant 
Obligation (the Joint Relevant Obligation) either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee (or, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy), then (a) 
if the Joint Relevant Obligation was a direct obligation of the relevant Reference Entity, it shall 
be treated as having been succeeded to by the Joint Potential Successor (or Joint Potential 
Successors, in equal parts) which succeeded to such Joint Relevant Obligation as direct obligor 
or obligors, or (b) if the Joint Relevant Obligation was a Relevant Guarantee (or, in respect of a 
Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy), it shall be treated as having been 
succeeded to by the Joint Potential Successor (or Joint Potential Successors, in equal parts) 
which succeeded to such Joint Relevant Obligation as guarantor or guarantors (or, in respect of 
a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, as provider of a Qualifying Policy), if any, or otherwise 
by each Joint Potential Successor in equal parts.

--- Page 565 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
537 
 
(h) 
Multiple Successors  
(i) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Single Name Credit Linked Notes and following a 
succession and related Succession Date in respect of a Reference Entity (such Reference 
Entity affected by a succession being a Single Name Succession Reference Entity), 
more than one Successor has been identified by the Calculation Agent, the Credit Linked 
Notes will be amended without the consent of the Securityholders to reflect the following 
terms and, to the extent applicable, the Calculation Agent shall apportion any outstanding 
nominal amount or any other relevant calculation amounts equally in relation to each 
Successor: 
(A) 
the Single Name Succession Reference Entity will no longer be a Reference 
Entity unless it is also a Successor; 
(B) 
each Successor will be a Reference Entity (each, a Single Name Successor 
Entity) and, accordingly, more than one Relevant Event Determination Date 
(and, accordingly, more than one Relevant Credit Event) may occur in respect of 
the Credit Linked Notes but, subject to Credit Linked Condition 14 (M(M)R 
Restructuring), once only in relation to each Successor; 
(C) 
where a Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination Date 
occurs in respect of a Single Name Successor Entity: 
(I) 
the Credit Linked Notes will not redeem in whole, but instead the relevant 
provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be deemed to apply to 
the nominal amount represented by such Single Name Successor Entity 
only after the apportionment described above (the Single Name Partial 
Nominal Amount); 
(II) 
the Credit Linked Notes shall, thereafter, be redeemed in part in 
accordance with Credit Linked Conditions 3(f)(i) (Auction Redemption), 
(ii) (Cash Redemption), (iii) (Physical Redemption) or (iv) (Fixed 
Recovery Redemption), as applicable (such redeemed part being equal to 
a Securityholder's pro rata share of the Single Name Partial Nominal 
Amount) (provided that if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies such 
partial redemption shall occur only on the Final Cash Redemption Date or 
Final Auction Redemption Date, as applicable)); and 
(III) 
the Credit Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms shall be construed 
accordingly (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any interpretation in 
respect of an M(M)R Restructuring). 
Following the occurrence of such Relevant Credit Event, the Credit Linked Notes 
shall remain outstanding in an amount equal to the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes and interest shall accrue on the 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes only (in 
accordance with these Credit Linked Conditions, adjusted in such manner as the 
Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines to be appropriate to reflect the economic effects of the identification 
of more than one Successor, considered in the aggregate); 
(D) 
if some but not all of the Notes are early redeeming in accordance with General 
Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase), the relevant provisions of these Credit 
Linked Conditions shall continue to apply to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Notes; and 
(E) 
the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 22(h)(i) (Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes) shall apply in respect of any identification by the Calculation Agent 
of further Successors.

--- Page 566 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
538 
 
(ii) 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes and 
following a succession and a related Succession Date in respect of a Reference Entity 
(each such Reference Entity, an Nth-to-Default Succession Reference Entity and the 
Reference Entities unaffected by such succession or any previous successions, the Nth-
to-Default Non-Succession Reference Entities), more than one Successor has been 
identified by the Calculation Agent, the Credit Linked Notes will be amended without 
the consent of the Securityholders to reflect the following terms and, to the extent 
applicable, the Calculation Agent shall apportion any outstanding nominal amount or 
any other relevant calculation amounts equally in relation to each Nth-to-Default 
Succession Reference Entity: 
(A) 
the Nth-to-Default Succession Reference Entity will no longer be a Reference 
Entity unless it is also a Successor; 
(B) 
each Successor will be a Reference Entity (each, an Nth-to-Default Successor 
Entity) and the Nth-to-Default Non-Succession Reference Entities will continue 
to be Reference Entities; 
(C) 
the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date with respect to any of the 
Nth-to-Default Non-Succession Reference Entities will, where such Nth to 
Default Non-Succession Reference Entity is the nth Reference Entity to which a 
Relevant Event Determination Date has occurred, result in the redemption of the 
Credit Linked Notes in full (or, in respect of an M(M)R where the Exercise 
Amount is less than the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit 
Linked Notes, redemption of the Credit Linked Notes in part) in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 4 (Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes); 
(D) 
where a Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination Date 
has occurred in respect of the nth Reference Entity: 
(I) 
such Credit Event shall be a Relevant Credit Event for the purpose of the 
Notes and the relevant provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall 
be deemed to apply to the nominal amount represented by such Nth-to-
Default Successor Entity only after the apportionment described above is 
effected (the Nth-to-Default Partial Nominal Amount);  
(II) 
the Credit Linked Notes shall, thereafter, be redeemed in part in 
accordance with Credit Linked Conditions 4(f)(i) (Auction Redemption), 
(ii) (Cash Redemption), (iii) (Physical Redemption) or (iv) (Fixed 
Recovery Redemption), as applicable (such redeemed part being equal to 
a Securityholder's pro rata share of the Nth-to-Default Partial Nominal 
Amount) (provided that if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies such 
partial redemption shall occur only on the Final Cash Redemption Date or 
Final Auction Redemption Date, as applicable)); and  
(III)  the Credit Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms shall be construed 
accordingly (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any interpretation in 
respect of an M(M)R Restructuring).  
Following the occurrence of such Relevant Credit Event, the Credit Linked Notes 
shall remain outstanding in an amount equal to the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes and interest shall accrue on the 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes only (in 
accordance with these Credit Linked Conditions, adjusted in such manner as the 
Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines to be appropriate to reflect the economic effects of the identification 
of more than one Successor, considered in the aggregate);

--- Page 567 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
539 
 
(E) 
if a single entity would be a Reference Entity hereunder more than once, subject 
to sub-paragraph (F) below, that Reference Entity shall be deemed to be specified 
only once, and such change shall have no effect on the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes;  
(F) 
where an Nth-to-Default Non-Succession Reference Entity is identified as a 
Successor to any Nth-to-Default Succession Reference Entity pursuant to a 
succession: 
(I) 
if the Transaction Type and Reference Obligation (including the absence 
of a Reference Obligation) of the Nth-to-Default Non-Succession 
Reference Entity is identical to that of the Nth-to Default Succession 
Reference Entity, the Reference Entity Count of the Nth-to-Default Non-
Succession Reference Entity shall be equal to the sum of (x) the Reference 
Entity Count of the Nth-to-Default Non-Succession Reference Entity 
immediately prior to the relevant succession (the Surviving Reference 
Entity Count) and (y) the Reference Entity Count of the Nth-to Default 
Succession Reference Entity immediately prior to the relevant succession 
(the Legacy Reference Entity Count, and the Legacy Reference Entity 
Count and the Surviving Reference Entity Count, together, the Combined 
Prior Count); or 
(II) 
if the Transaction Type and Reference Obligation of the Nth-to-Default 
Non-Succession Reference Entity is not identical to that of the Nth-to 
Default Succession Reference Entity, the Calculation Agent shall 
apportion as at the Succession Date any outstanding nominal amount or 
any other relevant calculation amounts into two separate portions where: 
(i) 
one portion shall reflect the product of the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Notes and the Legacy Reference Entity 
Count divided by the Combined Prior Count, with the Nth-to-
Default Non-Succession Reference Entity having (a) a Transaction 
Type and Reference Obligation identical to the Nth-to Default 
Succession Reference Entity and (b) a Reference Entity Count 
equal to the Combined Prior Count; and 
(ii) 
the other portion shall reflect the product of the Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes and the Surviving 
Reference Entity Count divided by the Combined Prior Count, with 
the Nth-to-Default Non-Succession Reference Entity having (a) a 
Transaction Type and Reference Obligation identical to the Nth-to 
Default Non-Succession Reference Entity and (ii) a Reference 
Entity Count equal to the Combined Prior Count; 
(G) 
if some but not all of the Notes are early redeeming in accordance with General 
Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase), the relevant provisions of these Credit 
Linked Conditions shall continue to apply to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Notes; and 
(H) 
the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 22(h)(ii) (Nth-to-Default Basket 
Credit Linked Notes) shall apply in respect of any identification by the Calculation 
Agent of further Successors; 
(iii) 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes and following a 
succession and related Succession Date in respect of a Reference Entity (each such 
Reference Entity and any Reference Entity in respect of which a Succession Date has 
previously occurred, a Linear Basket Succession Reference Entity and the Reference 
Entities unaffected by such Succession Date or any previous Succession Dates, the 
Linear Basket Non-Succession Reference Entities), more than one Successor has been

--- Page 568 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
540 
 
identified by the Calculation Agent, the Credit Linked Notes will be amended without 
the consent of the Securityholders to reflect the following terms and, to the extent 
applicable, the Calculation Agent shall apportion any outstanding principal amount or 
any other relevant calculation amounts equally in relation to each Linear Basket 
Succession Reference Entity: 
(A) 
the Linear Basket Succession Reference Entity will no longer be a Reference 
Entity unless it is also a Successor; 
(B) 
each Successor will be a Reference Entity (each, a Linear Basket Successor 
Entity), and the Linear Basket Non-Succession Reference Entities will continue 
to be Reference Entities; 
(C) 
where a Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination Date 
occurs in respect of a Linear Basket Successor Entity: 
(I)  
the relevant provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be deemed 
to apply to the nominal amount represented by such Linear Basket 
Successor Entity only after the apportionment described above is effected 
(the Linear Basket Partial Nominal Amount);  
(II) 
the Credit Linked Notes shall, thereafter, be redeemed in part in 
accordance with Credit Linked Conditions 5(f)(i) (Auction Redemption), 
(ii) (Cash Redemption), (iii) (Physical Redemption) or (iv) (Fixed 
Recovery Redemption), as applicable (such redeemed part being equal to 
a Securityholder's pro rata share of the Linear Basket Partial Nominal 
Amount) (provided that if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies such 
partial redemption shall occur only on the Final Cash Redemption Date or 
Final Auction Redemption Date, as applicable)); and  
(III) 
the Credit Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms shall be construed 
accordingly (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any interpretation in 
respect of an M(M)R Restructuring).  
Following such event, the Credit Linked Notes shall remain outstanding in an 
amount equal to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit 
Linked Notes and interest shall accrue on the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Credit Linked Notes only (in accordance with these Credit Linked 
Conditions, adjusted in such manner as the Calculation Agent in its discretion, 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate to 
reflect the economic effects of the identification of more than one Successor), 
considered in the aggregate; 
(D) 
if, as a result of a succession, a single entity would be a Reference Entity 
hereunder more than once, that Reference Entity shall be deemed to be a 
Reference Entity only once and the Reference Entity Notional Amount for such 
Reference Entity will be the sum of the Reference Entity Notional Amounts 
otherwise applicable to it (and such change shall have no effect on the 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Notes); 
(E) 
if some but not all of the Notes are early redeeming in accordance with General 
Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase), the relevant provisions of these Credit 
Linked Conditions shall continue to apply to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Notes; and 
(F) 
the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 22(h)(iii) (Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Notes) shall apply in respect of any identification by the Calculation Agent 
of further Successors. 
(iv) 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes

--- Page 569 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
541 
 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes and following 
a succession and related Succession Date in respect of a Reference Entity (each such 
Reference Entity and any Reference Entity in respect of which a Succession Date has 
previously occurred, an Index Untranched Succession Reference Entity and the 
Reference Entities unaffected by such Succession Date or any previous Succession 
Dates, the Index Untranched Non-Succession Reference Entities), more than one 
Successor has been identified, the Credit Linked Notes will be amended without the 
consent of the Securityholders to reflect the following terms and, to the extent applicable, 
the Calculation Agent shall apportion any outstanding principal amount or any other 
relevant calculation amounts equally in relation to each Index Untranched Succession 
Reference Entity: 
(A) 
the Index Untranched Succession Reference Entity will no longer be a Reference 
Entity unless it is also a Successor; 
(B) 
each Successor will be a Reference Entity (each, an Index Untranched 
Successor Entity), and the Index Untranched Non-Succession Reference Entities 
will continue to be Reference Entities; 
(C) 
where a Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination Date 
occurs in respect of an Index Untranched Successor Entity: 
(I)  
the relevant provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be deemed 
to apply to the nominal amount represented by such Index Untranched 
Successor Entity only after the apportionment described above is effected 
(the Index Untranched Partial Nominal Amount);  
(II)  
the Credit Linked Notes shall, thereafter, be redeemed in part in 
accordance with Credit Linked Conditions 6(f)(i) (Auction Redemption), 
(ii) (Cash Redemption) or (iii) (Fixed Recovery Redemption), as applicable 
(such redeemed part being equal to a Securityholder's pro rata share of the 
Index Untranched Partial Nominal Amount) (provided that if "Credit 
Payment on Maturity" applies such partial redemption shall occur only on 
the Final Cash Redemption Date or Final Auction Redemption Date, as 
applicable)); and  
(III)  the Credit Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms shall be construed 
accordingly (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any interpretation in 
respect of an M(M)R Restructuring).  
Following such event, the Credit Linked Notes shall remain outstanding in an 
amount equal to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit 
Linked Notes and interest shall accrue on the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Credit Linked Notes only (in accordance with these Credit Linked 
Conditions, adjusted in such manner as the Calculation Agent in its discretion, 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate to 
reflect the economic effects of the identification of more than one Successor), 
considered in the aggregate; 
(D) 
if, as a result of a succession, a single entity would be a Reference Entity 
hereunder more than once, that Reference Entity shall be deemed to be a 
Reference Entity only once and the Reference Entity Notional Amount for such 
Reference Entity will be the sum of the Reference Entity Notional Amounts 
otherwise applicable to it (and such change shall have no effect on the 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Notes); 
(E) 
if some but not all of the Notes are early redeeming in accordance with General 
Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase), the relevant provisions of these Credit 
Linked Conditions shall continue to apply to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Notes; and

--- Page 570 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
542 
 
(F) 
the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 22(h)(iv) (Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Notes) shall apply in respect of any identification by the Calculation 
Agent of further Successors. 
(v) 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and following 
a succession and related Succession Date in respect of a Reference Entity (each an Index 
Tranched Succession Reference Entity and the Reference Entities unaffected by such 
succession, the Index Tranched Non-Succession Reference Entities), more than one 
Successor has been identified, the Credit Linked Notes will be amended without the 
consent of the Securityholders to reflect the following terms and, to the extent applicable, 
the Calculation Agent shall apportion any outstanding principal amount, other relevant 
calculation amounts, the Reference Entity Notional Amount equally in relation to each 
Successor: 
(A) 
the Index Tranched Succession Reference Entity will no longer be a Reference 
Entity unless it is also a Successor; 
(B) 
each Successor will be a Reference Entity (each, an Index Tranched Successor 
Entity), and the Index Tranched Non-Succession Reference Entities will continue 
to be Reference Entities; 
(C) 
where a Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination Date 
occurs in respect of an Index Tranched Successor Entity: 
(I)  
the relevant provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be deemed 
to apply to the nominal amount represented by such Index Tranched 
Successor Entity only after the apportionment described above is effected;  
(II)  
the Credit Linked Notes shall, thereafter, be redeemed in part in 
accordance with Credit Linked Conditions 7(f)(i) (Auction Redemption), 
(ii) (Cash Redemption) or (iii) (Fixed Recovery Redemption), as applicable 
(provided that if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies such partial 
redemption shall occur only on the Final Cash Redemption Date or Final 
Auction Redemption Date, as applicable)); and  
(III)  the Credit Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms shall be construed 
accordingly (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any interpretation in 
respect of an M(M)R Restructuring).  
Following such event, the Credit Linked Notes shall remain outstanding in an 
amount equal to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit 
Linked Notes and interest shall accrue on the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Credit Linked Notes only (in accordance with these Credit Linked 
Conditions, adjusted in such manner as the Calculation Agent in its discretion, 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate to 
reflect the economic effects of the identification of more than one Successor), 
considered in the aggregate; 
(D) 
if, as a result of a succession, a single entity would be a Reference Entity 
hereunder more than once, that Reference Entity shall be deemed to be a 
Reference Entity only once and the Reference Entity Notional Amount for such 
Reference Entity will be the sum of (I) the Reference Entity Notional Amount 
otherwise applicable to it prior to the apportionment referred to above and (II) the 
Reference Entity Notional Amount allocated to such Successor as a result of the 
apportionment referred to above (and such change shall have no effect on the 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes);  
(E) 
if some but not all of the Notes are early redeeming in accordance with General 
Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase), the relevant provisions of these Credit

--- Page 571 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
543 
 
Linked Conditions shall continue to apply to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Notes; and 
(F) 
the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 22(h)(v) (Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes) shall apply in respect of any identification by the Calculation Agent 
of further Successors. 
(vi) 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes and 
following a succession and related Succession Date in respect of a Reference Entity (each 
such Reference Entity and any Reference Entity in respect of which a Succession Date 
has previously occurred, a Portfolio Tranched Succession Reference Entity and the 
Reference Entities unaffected by such Succession Date or any previous Succession 
Dates, the Portfolio Tranched Non-Succession Reference Entities), more than one 
Successor has been identified by the Calculation Agent, the Credit Linked Notes will be 
amended without the consent of the Securityholders to reflect the following terms and, 
to the extent applicable, the Calculation Agent shall apportion any outstanding principal 
amount or any other relevant calculation amounts equally in relation to each Portfolio 
Tranched Succession Reference Entity: 
(A) 
the Portfolio Tranched Succession Reference Entity will no longer be a Reference 
Entity unless it is also a Successor; 
(B) 
each Successor will be a Reference Entity (each, a Portfolio Tranched Successor 
Entity), and the Portfolio Tranched Non-Succession Reference Entities will 
continue to be Reference Entities; 
(C) 
where a Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination Date 
occurs in respect of a Portfolio Tranched Successor Entity: 
(I)  
the relevant provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be deemed 
to apply to the nominal amount represented by such Portfolio Tranched 
Successor Entity only after the apportionment described above is effected;  
(II)  
the Credit Linked Notes shall, thereafter, be redeemed in part in 
accordance with Credit Linked Conditions 8(f)(i) (Auction Redemption), 
(ii) (Cash Redemption) or (iii) (Fixed Recovery Redemption), as applicable 
(provided that if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies such partial 
redemption shall occur only on the Final Cash Redemption Date or Final 
Auction Redemption Date, as applicable)); and  
(III)  the Credit Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms shall be construed 
accordingly (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any interpretation in 
respect of an M(M)R Restructuring).  
Following such event, the Credit Linked Notes shall remain outstanding in an 
amount equal to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit 
Linked Notes and interest shall accrue on the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Credit Linked Notes only (in accordance with these Credit Linked 
Conditions, adjusted in such manner as the Calculation Agent in its discretion, 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate to 
reflect the economic effects of the identification of more than one Successor), 
considered in the aggregate; 
(D) 
if, as a result of a succession, a single entity would be a Reference Entity 
hereunder more than once, that Reference Entity shall be deemed to be a 
Reference Entity only once and the Reference Entity Notional Amount for such 
Reference Entity will be the sum of the Reference Entity Notional Amounts 
otherwise applicable to it (and such change shall have no effect on the 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes);

--- Page 572 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
544 
 
(E) 
if some but not all of the Notes are early redeeming in accordance with General 
Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase), the relevant provisions of these Credit 
Linked Conditions shall continue to apply to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Notes; and 
(F) 
the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 22(h)(vi) (Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes) shall apply in respect of any identification by the Calculation 
Agent of further Successors. 
(vii) 
Local Access Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Local Access Credit Linked Notes and following a 
Succession Date in respect of a Reference Entity (the Reference Entity, a Local Access 
Succession Reference Entity), more than one Successor has been identified by the 
Calculation Agent, the Credit Linked Notes will be amended without the consent of the 
Securityholders to reflect the following terms and, to the extent applicable, the 
Calculation Agent shall apportion any outstanding principal amount or any other relevant 
calculation amounts equally in relation to each Local Access Succession Reference 
Entity: 
(A) 
the Local Access Succession Reference Entity will no longer be a Reference 
Entity unless it is also a Successor; 
(B) 
each Successor will be a Reference Entity (each, a Local Access Successor 
Entity) and, accordingly, more than one Relevant Risk Event Determination Date 
(and accordingly, more than one Relevant Risk Event) may occur in respect of 
the Credit Linked Notes but, subject to Credit Linked Condition 14 (M(M)R 
Restructuring), once only in relation to each Successor; 
(C) 
where a Relevant Risk Event and related Relevant Risk Event Determination Date 
occurs in respect of the Local Access Successor Entity after such Succession 
Date: 
(I)  
the Local Access Credit Linked Notes will not redeem in whole, but 
instead the provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be deemed 
to apply to the to the nominal amount represented by such Local Access 
Successor Entity only after the apportionment described above is effected 
(the Local Access Partial Nominal Amount);  
(II)  
the Local Access Credit Linked Notes shall, thereafter, be redeemed in 
part in accordance with Credit Linked Conditions 9(f)(i) (LA Cash 
Redemption), (ii) (LA Physical Redemption) or (iii) (LA Fixed Recovery 
Redemption), as applicable (such redeemed part being equal to a 
Securityholder's pro rata share of the Local Access Partial Nominal 
Amount (provided that if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies such 
partial redemption shall occur only on the Final LA Cash Redemption 
Date)); and  
(III)  the Credit Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms shall be construed 
accordingly (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any interpretation in 
respect of an M(M)R Restructuring).  
Following such event, the Local Access Credit Linked Notes shall remain 
outstanding in an amount equal to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount 
of the Local Access Credit Linked Notes and interest shall accrue on the 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Local Access Credit Linked 
Notes only (in accordance with these Credit Linked Conditions, adjusted in such 
manner as the Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate to reflect the economic effects 
of the identification of more than one Successor), considered in the aggregate;

--- Page 573 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
545 
 
(D) 
if some but not all of the Notes are early redeeming in accordance with General 
Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase), the relevant provisions of these Credit 
Linked Conditions shall continue to apply to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Notes; and 
(E) 
the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 22(h)(vii) (Local Access Credit 
Linked Notes) shall apply in respect of any identification by the Calculation Agent 
of further Successors. 
(i) 
Exchange Offer 
In the case of an exchange offer, the determination required pursuant to sub-paragraph (a) of the 
definition of "Successor" shall be made on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of 
Relevant Obligations exchanged and not on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of the 
Exchange Bonds or Loans. 
23. 
Deliverable Obligations 
(a) 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation 
If (i) Physical Redemption is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method and "Mod R" is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and (ii) "Restructuring is the only Credit 
Event specified in a Credit Event Notice delivered by the Calculation Agent, then unless the 
Deliverable Obligation is a Prior Deliverable Obligation and Asset Package Delivery applies 
due to a Governmental Intervention, a Deliverable Obligation may only be specified in the 
Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, if it (i) is a Fully 
Transferable Obligation and (ii) has a final maturity date not later than the Restructuring 
Maturity Limitation Date, in each case, as of the Delivery Date. In respect of a Monoline Insurer 
Reference Entity and with respect to an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through 
certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, the term "final maturity date", as such term is 
used in this sub-paragraph shall mean the specified date by which the Qualifying Policy 
guarantees or insures, as applicable, that the ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance will 
occur. 
(b) 
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation 
(i) 
If (A) Physical Redemption is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method and 
"Mod Mod R" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and (B) 
Restructuring is the only Credit Event specified in a Credit Event Notice delivered by 
Issuer, then unless the Deliverable Obligation is a Prior Deliverable Obligation and Asset 
Package Delivery applies due to a Governmental Intervention, a Deliverable Obligation 
may only be specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment 
Notice, as applicable, if it (x) is a Conditionally Transferable Obligation and (y) has a 
final maturity date not later than the applicable Modified Restructuring Maturity 
Limitation Date in each case, as of the Delivery Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
for purposes of this paragraph, in the case of a Restructured Bond or Loan with a final 
maturity date on or prior to the 10-year Limitation Date, the final maturity date of such 
Bond or Loan shall be deemed to be the earlier of such final maturity date or the final 
maturity date of such Bond or Loan immediately prior to the relevant Restructuring. In 
respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity and with respect to an Insured Instrument 
in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, the term 
"final maturity date", as such term is used in this sub-paragraph shall mean the specified 
date by which the Qualifying Policy guarantees or insures, as applicable, that the ultimate 
distribution of the Certificate Balance will occur. 
(ii) 
Where a Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable 
Obligation applies and a Deliverable Obligation specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement (or in any NOPS Amendment Notice, if applicable) is a Conditionally 
Transferable Obligation with respect to which consent is required to novate, assign or 
transfer, and the requisite consent is refused (whether or not a reason is given for such 
refusal and, where a reason is given for such refusal, regardless of that reason), or is not

--- Page 574 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
546 
 
received by the Physical Redemption Date (in which case it shall be deemed to have been 
refused), the Calculation Agent shall inform the Issuer, The Issuer shall promptly notify 
the Fiscal Agent (for onward notification to the Securityholder) of such refusal (or 
deemed refusal). If a Securityholder (x) does not designate a third party; (y) designates 
a third party in circumstances where it will be illegal due to any applicable law or 
regulation for the designee to take Delivery or such Delivery would give rise to any tax 
or any loss or cost to the Issuer; or (z) a Securityholder does not take Delivery on or prior 
to the Physical Redemption Date, then Credit Linked Condition 17(h) (Alternative 
Procedures Relating to Loans not Delivered) may be applied by the Issuer. 
(c) 
Determination of Final Maturity Date 
For the purposes of making a determination under sub-paragraph (a) or (b)(i) of this Credit 
Linked Condition 23 (Deliverable Obligations), the relevant final maturity date shall, subject to 
the definition of "Conditionally Transferable Obligation", be determined on the basis of the 
terms of the Deliverable Obligation in effect at the time of making such determination and, in 
the case of a Deliverable Obligation that is due and payable, the final maturity date shall be 
deemed to be the date on which such determination is made. 
(d) 
Multiple Holder Obligation 
Unless "Multiple Holder Obligation" is specified to be not applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, then none of the events described in sub-paragraphs (i) to (iv) of the definition of 
"Restructuring" shall constitute a Restructuring unless the Obligation is a Multiple Holder 
Obligation, where "Multiple Holder Obligation" means an Obligation that (i) at the time of the 
event which constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event is held by more than three holders that are 
not Affiliates of each other and (ii) with respect to which a percentage of holders (determined 
pursuant to the terms of the Obligation as in effect on the date of such event) at least equal to 
sixty-six-and two-thirds is required to consent to the event which constitutes a Restructuring 
Credit Event (provided that sub-paragraph (ii) shall be deemed to be satisfied where the 
Obligation is a Bond). In respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, for purposes of this 
definition, the term Obligation shall be deemed to include Insured Instruments for which the 
Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Qualifying Policy. 
24. 
Reference Obligation 
(a) 
Standard Reference Obligation and Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
(i) 
If "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
then the Reference Obligation for the relevant Reference Entity will be the Standard 
Reference Obligation which is the obligation of the relevant Reference Entity with the 
relevant Seniority Level specified from time to time on the SRO List. 
(ii) 
If "Standard Reference Obligation" is not specified as applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, then the Reference Obligation(s) for the relevant Reference Entity will be the 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation specified in the relevant Issue Terms for such 
Reference Entity. 
(b) 
Substitute Reference Obligation 
(i) 
If a Substitution Event has occurred with respect to a Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation, the Calculation Agent may identify a Substitute Reference Obligation in 
accordance with sub-paragraphs (iii), (iv) and (v) of this Credit Linked Condition 24(b) 
(Substitute Reference Obligation) to replace such Non-Standard Reference Obligation; 
provided that the Calculation Agent will not identify an Obligation as the Substitute 
Reference Obligation if, at the time of the determination, such Obligation has already 
been rejected as the Substitute Reference Obligation by the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee and such Obligation has not changed materially since the 
date of the relevant DC Resolution. In the case of an Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Note or an Index Tranched Credit Linked Note, as applicable, if there is no Standard 
Reference Obligation and the Index Sponsor publishes a replacement Reference

--- Page 575 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
547 
 
Obligation for such Reference Entity, the Calculation Agent shall select such obligation 
rather than identify a Substitute Reference Obligation in accordance with sub-paragraphs 
(iii), (iv) and (v) of this Credit Linked Condition. 
(ii) 
If any of the events contained in sub-paragraph (a) or (c) of the definition of "Substitution 
Event" have occurred with respect to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation, such Non-
Standard Reference Obligation will cease to be the Reference Obligation (other than for 
purposes of the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or "Not Subordinated" 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic and sub-paragraph (iii)(B) of this Credit Linked 
Condition 24(b) (Substitute Reference Obligation)). If the event contained in sub-
paragraph (b) of the definition of "Substitution Event" has occurred with respect to a 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation and no Substitute Reference Obligation is available, 
such Non-Standard Reference Obligation will continue to be a Reference Obligation 
until the Substitute Reference Obligation is identified or, if earlier, until any of the events 
set forth under sub-paragraph (a) or (c) of the definition of "Substitution Event" occur 
with respect to such Non-Standard Reference Obligation. 
(iii) 
The Substitute Reference Obligation shall be an Obligation that on the Substitution Date: 
(A) 
is a Borrowed Money obligation of the relevant Reference Entity (either directly 
or as provider of a Guarantee (or, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference 
Entity, a Qualifying Policy)); 
(B) 
satisfies the Not Subordinated Deliverable Obligation Characteristic as of the date 
it was issued or incurred (without reflecting any change the priority of payment 
after such date) and on the Substitution Date; and 
(C) 
(I) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Conforming Reference 
Obligation when issued or incurred and immediately prior to the 
Substitution Event Date: 
1. 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable 
Obligation"; or if no such obligation is available, 
2. 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with sub-
paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation"; 
(II) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Bond (or any other 
Borrowed Money obligation other than a Loan) which was a Non-
Conforming Reference Obligation when issued or incurred and/or 
immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date: 
1. 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other than 
a Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
2. 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable 
Obligation"; or if no such obligation is available, 
3. 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is a 
Loan (other than a Private-side Loan); or if no such Obligation is 
available, 
4. 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with sub-
paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation"; or 
(III) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Loan which was a Non-
Conforming Reference Obligation when incurred and/or immediately 
prior to the Substitution Event Date:

--- Page 576 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
548 
 
1. 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is a 
Loan (other than a Private-side Loan); or if no such obligation is 
available, 
2. 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other than 
a Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
3. 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable 
Obligation"; or if no such Obligation is available, 
4. 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with sub-
paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation". 
(iv) 
If more than one potential Substitute Reference Obligation is identified pursuant to the 
process described in sub-paragraph (iii) of this Credit Linked Condition 24(b) (Substitute 
Reference Obligation), the Substitute Reference Obligation will be the potential 
Substitute Reference Obligation that most closely preserves the economic equivalent of 
the delivery and payment obligations of the Issuer under the relevant Series, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent will (if a Substitute 
Reference Obligation has not been identified) notify the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer of a 
Substitute Reference Obligation as soon as reasonably practicable after it has been 
identified in accordance with sub-paragraph (iii) of this Credit Linked Condition 24(b) 
(Substitute Reference Obligation) and the Substitute Reference Obligation shall replace 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation immediately upon such notification. 
(v) 
If a Substitution Event has occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation and the Calculation Agent determines that no Substitute Reference Obligation 
is available for the Non-Standard Reference Obligation then or has yet to identify a 
suitable substitute, subject to sub-paragraph (i) of this Credit Linked Condition 24(b) 
(Substitute Reference Obligation) and notwithstanding the fact that the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation may have ceased to be the Reference Obligation in accordance 
with sub-paragraph (ii) of this Credit Linked Condition 24(b) (Substitute Reference 
Obligation), the Calculation Agent may continue to attempt to identify the Substitute 
Reference Obligation. 
(c) 
Redemption in respect of Reference Obligation Only Series 
(i) 
If the event set out in sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of "Substitution Event" occurs 
with respect to the Reference Obligation for a Series of Credit Linked Notes in respect 
of a Reference Entity to which "Reference Obligation Only" applies, the Credit Linked 
Notes shall be redeemed in full or in part at the Substitution Event Redemption Amount. 
The Issuer shall deliver, or cause the Fiscal Agent to deliver, a notice in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 26 (Notices) to the Securityholders stating the occurrence of 
such Substitution Event and setting out the date on which the Credit Linked Notes will 
be redeemed in full or in part, which shall be a date not earlier than the relevant 
Substitution Event Date. 
(ii) 
Notwithstanding the definition of "Substitute Reference Obligation" (a) no Substitute 
Reference Obligation shall be determined in respect of the Reference Obligation for a 
Reference Entity to which "Reference Obligation Only" applies and such Reference 
Obligation is the only Reference Obligation for such Reference Entity in the Obligation 
Category and the Deliverable Obligation Category, and (b) if the events set out in sub-
paragraph (b) or (c) of the definition of "Substitution Event" occur with respect to the 
Reference Obligation, such Reference Obligation shall continue to be the Reference 
Obligation and in such circumstance, there shall be no redemption of the Credit Linked 
Notes in full or in part. 
(d) 
DC Substitute Reference Obligation Resolution

--- Page 577 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
549 
 
Notwithstanding the provision of Credit Linked Condition 24(b) (Substitute Reference 
Obligation), the Calculation Agent may, but shall not be obliged to, select as the Substitute 
Reference Obligation for a Series of Credit Linked Notes an Obligation of the relevant 
Reference Entity which is determined by DC Resolution to be the Substitute Reference 
Obligation to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation.  
25. 
Calculation Agent Determination 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent is responsible for, amongst other things: 
(i) 
determining a Successor or Successors and making any other determinations required to 
be made under Credit Linked Condition 22 (Successor Provisions) including if there is 
a Steps Plan, making appropriate adjustments required to take account of any Obligations 
of the relevant Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category "Bond or 
Loan" that are issued, incurred, redeemed, repurchased or cancelled from (and including) 
the legally effective date of the first succession to and including the Succession Date; 
(ii) 
determining whether (A) the aggregate amounts due under any Reference Obligation 
have been materially reduced by redemption or otherwise (other than due to any 
scheduled redemption, amortisation or prepayments) (B) any Reference Obligation is an 
Underlying Obligation with a Qualifying Guarantee of a Reference Entity and, other than 
due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, the Qualifying Guarantee is no 
longer a valid and binding Obligation of such Reference Entity enforceable in accordance 
with its terms, or (C) for any reason other than as described in (A) or (B) above and other 
than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, any Reference Obligation is 
no longer an Obligation of a Reference Entity; 
(iii) 
identifying and determining a Substitute Reference Obligation; 
(iv) 
in the event that multiple Credit Event Notices or Risk Event Notices, as applicable, with 
respect to an M(M)R Restructuring are delivered pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 
14 (M(M)R Restructuring), making any modifications required pursuant to that Credit 
Linked Condition; 
(v) 
following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring, determining the Exercise Amount 
of Credit Linked Notes to which such M(M)R Restructuring applies;  
(vi) 
obtaining Quotations (and, if necessary, determining whether such Quotations shall 
include or exclude accrued but unpaid interest) and determining the Final Price in 
accordance with the applicable Valuation Method; 
(vii) 
converting the Quotation Amount into the relevant Obligation Currency; 
(viii) determining the Quotation Dealers (where none have been specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms) and substituting Quotation Dealers; 
(ix) 
determining the LA Recovery Amount and the Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption 
Amount (if any) in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes; 
(x) 
determining the Currency Rate and Revised Currency Rate where, in each case, it is not 
available on the Next Currency Fixing Date; 
(xi) 
determining the number of Business Days in each Physical Settlement Period; 
(xii) 
determining the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount of the 
Deliverable Obligations to be included in the Physical Redemption Assets; 
(xiii) determining any adjustments pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 9(g) (Adjustment 
following a Regulatory Change Event); 
(xiv) determining any adjustment payment pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 12 (Event 
Determination Date - Adjustment Payment and Ordering of Events);

--- Page 578 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
550 
 
(xv) 
determining whether the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Valuation Obligation shall 
include or exclude accrued interest and if "Include Accrued Interest" is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms with respect to Deliverable Obligations, determining accrued but 
unpaid interest;  
(xvi) determining whether a Merger Event or Substitution Event Date has occurred; 
(xvii) determining the Asset Market Value of an Asset Package; 
(xviii) determining whether a "Failure to Pay" has occurred where "Credit Deterioration 
Requirement" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms; and 
(xix) interpreting any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms (including any 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms). 
(b) 
The Calculation Agent shall as soon as practicable after making any of the determinations 
specified in sub-paragraphs (a)(i) to (xv) of this Credit Linked Condition 25 (Calculation Agent 
Determination) notify the Issuer of such determination. 
(c) 
If any of the matters set out in this Credit Linked Condition 25 (Calculation Agent 
Determination) are decided and/or determined by a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee, the Calculation Agent may follow such decision or determination to the extent such 
decision and/or determination is applicable to any Credit Linked Notes. In certain 
circumstances, the Calculation Agent shall be required to follow the decisions or determinations 
of a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee or determinations made by the Calculation 
Agent may be overridden by subsequent determinations made by a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee. 
(d) 
The Calculation Agent may from time to time, without obtaining the consent of the 
Securityholders, amend any provision of these Credit Linked Conditions and the applicable 
Issue Terms in any manner which the Calculation Agent determines (acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner) is necessary or desirable (i) to incorporate and/or reflect (x) further or 
alternative documents or protocols from time to time published by ISDA with respect to the 
documentation or redemption of Credit Linked Notes and/or (y) the operation or application of 
determinations by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees and/or (ii) to account for 
market practice to be reflected in the terms of the Credit Linked Notes. Any amendment made 
in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 25 (Calculation Agent Determination) shall be 
notified to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
26. 
Notices 
(a) 
Interpretation 
References in these Credit Linked Conditions to a notice being delivered in accordance with 
General Condition 15 (Notices) shall include such Condition as amended by the terms of any 
Global Registered Note Certificate representing the Credit Linked Notes.  
(b) 
Notices required to be delivered 
The Issuer shall deliver, or may cause the Fiscal Agent to deliver, notice to the Securityholders 
of the following, in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 26 (Notices), to the extent 
required to be delivered pursuant to the terms of the Credit Linked Notes: 
(i) 
A Credit Event Notice and, if applicable, a Notice of Publicly Available Information; 
(ii) 
A Notice of Physical Settlement and, if applicable, any NOPS Amendment Notice; 
(iii) 
A Risk Event Notice, if applicable; 
(iv) 
A Successor Notice (provided that no Successor Notice shall be required following a 
determination by a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee that a Successor has 
been identified);

--- Page 579 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
551 
 
(v) 
If the terms of any Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
provide for the basket or Index, as applicable, to be amended from time to time other 
than as a result of the identification of any Successor, details of any amendments to the 
basket or Index, as applicable;  
(vi) 
The designation of any Substitute Reference Obligation (provided that (A) no such notice 
shall be required following a determination by a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee of a Substitute Reference Obligation has occurred and (B) the failure of the 
Issuer to deliver a notice to the Securityholders pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 
26 (Notices) shall not affect the effectiveness of any designation of such Substitute 
Reference Obligation by the Calculation Agent (such designation to be in accordance 
with these Credit Linked Conditions); 
(vii) 
A notice detailing the suspension of payment of interest pursuant to Credit Linked 
Condition 2 (Interest on Credit Linked Notes); 
(viii) A notice detailing any adjustment payments required to be made by the Issuer pursuant 
to Credit Linked Conditions 12 (Event Determination Date - Adjustment Payment and 
Ordering of Events) or 9(g) (Adjustment following a Regulatory Change Event); 
(ix) 
Following the determination of the Cash Redemption Amount or the Final Cash 
Redemption Amount, as applicable, with respect to any Credit Linked Notes subject to 
the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 16 (Cash Redemption Terms), the Cash 
Redemption Amount Notice; 
(x) 
Following the determination of the Auction Redemption Amount or the Final Auction 
Redemption Amount, as applicable, with respect to any Credit Linked Notes subject to 
the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 15 (Auction Redemption Terms), the Auction 
Redemption Amount Notice; 
(xi) 
A Notice to Exercise Movement Option; 
(xii) 
A Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice;  
(xiii) A Redemption Suspension Notice; or 
(xiv) A Payment Failure Event Notice. 
(c) 
Effectiveness of Notices 
(i) 
Notwithstanding this Credit Linked Condition 26 (Notices), any notice required to be 
delivered by the Issuer to Securityholders in accordance with these Credit Linked 
Conditions shall be deemed to have been delivered to Securityholders upon delivery of 
such notice to the Fiscal Agent by the Issuer (upon receipt of such notice from the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable). The failure of the Fiscal Agent to deliver any such 
notice to Securityholders shall not affect (x) the effectiveness of any notice delivered by 
the Calculation Agent to the Issuer and/or by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, (y) the 
effectiveness of any determinations made by any of them or (iii) the right of the Issuer 
to redeem (in whole or in part) the Credit Linked Notes or to writedown the Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes pursuant to and in accordance 
with the relevant Credit Linked Condition. In addition, the failure of the Calculation 
Agent, the Issuer or the Fiscal Agent to deliver any notice or any decision by any of them 
to not deliver a Credit Event Notice or Risk Event Notice, as applicable, shall not 
constitute an Event of Default under the Credit Linked Notes. 
(ii) 
Notwithstanding this Credit Linked Condition 26 (Notices), a notice delivered by the 
Issuer to the Fiscal Agent on or prior to 3.00 p.m. (London time) on an Issuer Business 
Day will be effective on such Issuer Business Day. A notice delivered after 3.00 p.m. 
(London time) on an Issuer Business Day will be deemed effective on the next following 
Issuer Business Day, regardless of the form in which it is delivered.

--- Page 580 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
552 
 
(iii) 
Other than as specified herein, Clauses 25 (Communications) and 26 (Notices) of the 
Fiscal Agency Agreement shall apply to any relevant communications and notices 
delivered in accordance with these Credit Linked Conditions.  
27. 
Interpretation of Obligation Characteristics and Deliverable Obligation Characteristics 
(a) 
If either of the Obligation Characteristics "Listed" or "Not Domestic Issuance" is specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms, the relevant Issue Terms shall be construed as though the relevant 
Obligation Characteristic had been specified as an Obligation Characteristic only with respect 
to Bonds; 
(b) 
If (i) either of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics "Listed", "Not Domestic Issuance" or 
"Not Bearer" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the relevant Issue Terms shall be construed 
as though such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Bonds; (ii) the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic "Transferable" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, such Issue Terms shall be 
construed as though such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Deliverable Obligations that are not 
Loans; or (iii) any of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics "Assignable Loan", "Consent 
Required Loan" or "Direct Loan Participation" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, such 
Issue Terms shall be construed as though such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been 
specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Loans; and 
(c) 
If more than one of "Assignable Loan", "Consent Required Loan" and "Direct Loan 
Participation" are specified as Deliverable Obligation Characteristics in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Deliverable Obligations may include any Loan that satisfies any one of such 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics specified and need not satisfy all such Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics. 
(d) 
If an Obligation or a Deliverable Obligation is a Relevant Guarantee, the following will apply: 
(i) 
For the purposes of the application of the Obligation Category or the Deliverable 
Obligation Category, the Relevant Guarantee shall be deemed to satisfy the same 
category or categories as those that describe the Underlying Obligation; 
(ii) 
For the purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics, both the Relevant Guarantee and the Underlying Obligation 
must satisfy on the relevant date or dates each of the applicable Obligation 
Characteristics or Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms from the following list: "Not Subordinated", "Specified Currency", "Not 
Sovereign Lender", "Not Domestic Currency" and "Not Domestic Law". 
(iii) 
For the purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics, only the Underlying Obligation must satisfy on the relevant 
date or dates each of the applicable Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the relevant Issue Terms from the 
following list: "Listed", "Not Domestic Issuance", "Assignable Loan", "Consent 
Required Loan", "Direct Loan Participation", "Transferable", "Maximum Maturity", 
"Accelerated" or "Matured" and "Not Bearer"; and 
(iv) 
For the purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics to an Underlying Obligation, references to the Reference 
Entity shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying Obligor. 
(e) 
For purposes of the application of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic "Maximum 
Maturity", remaining maturity shall be determined on the basis of the terms of the Deliverable 
Obligation in effect at the time of making such determination and, in the case of a Deliverable 
Obligation that is due and payable, the remaining maturity shall be zero. 
(f) 
If "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are specified as 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, if an obligation would otherwise satisfy a particular 
Obligation Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, the existence of any terms

--- Page 581 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
553 
 
in the relevant obligation in effect at the time of making the determination which permit the 
Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, released or suspended in circumstances 
which would constitute a Governmental Intervention, shall not cause such obligation to fail to 
satisfy such Obligation Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation Characteristic. 
(g) 
For purposes of determining the applicability of Deliverable Obligation Characteristics and the 
requirements specified in sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of "Mod R" and sub-paragraph (a) 
of the definition of "Mod Mod R" to a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable 
Bond, any such determination shall be made by reference to the terms of the relevant obligation 
in effect immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event. 
(h) 
If "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, if an obligation would otherwise satisfy the "Maximum Maturity" Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic, the existence of any Solvency Capital Provisions in such obligation 
shall not cause it to fail to satisfy such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic. 
28. 
No frustration 
In the absence of other reasons, no Credit Linked Notes will be considered frustrated, or 
otherwise void or voidable (whether for mistake or otherwise) solely because: 
(a) 
any relevant Reference Entity does not exist on, or ceases to exist on or following, the 
Trade Date; and/or 
(b) 
the Obligation(s), the Deliverable Obligation(s) or the Reference Obligation(s) do not 
exist on, or cease to exist on or following, the Trade Date. 
29. 
Definitions 
The following definitions which relate to the Credit Linked Notes should be read in conjunction 
with the Credit Linked Conditions. Where terms are used but not defined in these Credit Linked 
Conditions, they will have the meaning given to them in the Conditions. 
2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Supplement means a supplement to the Credit 
Derivatives Definitions which replaces the definitions of "Outstanding Principal Balance" and 
"Failure to Pay" under the Credit Derivatives Definitions and sets out guidance on the 
interpretation of the definition of "Failure to Pay" where "Credit Deterioration Requirement" is 
applicable.  
Additional Risk Event means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, if specified as 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the occurrence or existence, on or after the Additional 
Risk Event Start Date, of: 
(a) 
an Inconvertibility Event; 
(b) 
an Ownership Restriction Event; and/or 
(c) 
a Settlement/Custodial Event. 
Additional Risk Event Start Date means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the 
Trade Date or the Issue Date, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Affected Reference Entity means a Reference Entity in respect of which a Relevant Credit 
Event has occurred (provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, for Nth-to Default Basket Credit 
Linked Notes, only the nth Reference Entity can be an Affected Reference Entity). 
Aggregate Default Count means, in respect of Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, on 
the Issue Date, zero and thereafter, an amount increased by each Event Determination Date by 
the Reference Entity Count (determined immediately prior to such Event Determination Date) 
of the related Reference Entity provided that if any Event Determination Date occurs at such 
time when the Calculation Agent has determined that there remains unresolved potential Credit 
Events which could result in an earlier Event Determination Date occurring with respect to one

--- Page 582 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
554 
 
or more Reference Entities than the Event Determination Date in respect of any Reference Entity 
it is considering, such increase to the Aggregate Default Count shall not be effected until such 
time as the Calculation Agent has confirmed that no other earlier Event Determination Date 
could occur. 
Aggregate Loss Amount means at any time on any day: 
(a) 
in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes: 
(i) 
the aggregate of all Loss Amounts calculated with respect to all Affected 
Reference Entities for such Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes; plus 
(ii) 
the Aggregate Settled Entity Loss Amount calculated with respect to such Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes; or 
(b) 
in respect of Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the aggregate of all Loss Amounts 
calculated with respect to all Affected Reference Entities for such Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes. 
Aggregate Recovery Amount means at any time on any day: 
(a) 
in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes: 
(i) 
the aggregate of all Recovery Amounts calculated with respect to all Affected 
Reference Entities for such Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes; plus 
(ii) 
the Aggregate Settled Entity Recovery Amount, if applicable, calculated with 
respect to the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes; or 
(b) 
in respect of Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the aggregate of all Recovery 
Amounts calculated with respect to all Affected Reference Entities for such Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes. 
Aggregate Settled Entity Loss Amount means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes, an amount equal to the aggregate of the Settled Entity Loss Amounts for all Settled 
Entities. 
Aggregate Settled Entity Recovery Amount means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes, an amount equal to the aggregate of the Settled Entity Recovery Amounts for all 
Settled Entities. 
Applicable Auction means an Auction which the Calculation Agent determines is relevant to a 
Relevant Credit Event with respect to a relevant Reference Entity where the Deliverable 
Obligations set out on the Final List or the Deliverable Obligation Terms  meet the Deliverable 
Obligation Provisions of the Credit Linked Notes (for which purpose the Calculation Agent may 
take into account without limitation (a) the applicable Credit Event, Transaction Type and 
Reference Entity, whether the Credit Derivatives Definitions applies to such auction, the 
seniority of the transactions covered by such auction, whether a representative credit derivative 
transaction in unfunded format having economically equivalent terms as the Credit Linked 
Notes  would be covered (if Auction Redemption applied and an "Event Determination Date" 
were deemed to occur), if the Auction relates to an M(M)R Restructuring, whether the 
designated ranges of scheduled termination dates covered by the auction would cover such 
representative credit derivative transaction with the same tenor as the Credit Linked Note and 
any connected DC Resolution and/or statement associated with such announcement. and (b) any 
Hedging Positions the  Issuer has entered or may enter into in connection with the Credit Linked 
Notes that may impact, amongst other things, any determinations or calculations under such 
Credit Linked Notes). 
Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms means with respect to a relevant 
Reference Entity, a Credit Event and an Applicable Auction, the Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms (if any) which the Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Credit 
Linked Notes (for which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account without limitation

--- Page 583 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
555 
 
(a) the applicable Credit Event, Transaction Type and Reference Entity, whether the Credit 
Derivatives Definitions applies to such auction, the seniority of the transactions covered by such 
auction, the Deliverable Obligations set out on the Final List, whether a representative credit 
derivative transaction in unfunded format having economically equivalent terms as the Credit 
Linked Notes would be covered (if Auction Redemption applied and an "Event Determination 
Date" were deemed to occur), whether the Deliverable Obligation Terms  meet the Deliverable 
Obligation Provisions of the Credit Linked Notes and, if the Auction relates to an M(M)R 
Restructuring, whether the designated ranges of scheduled termination dates covered by the 
auction would cover such representative credit derivative transaction with the same tenor as the 
Credit Linked Notes and any connected DC Resolution and/or statement associated with such 
auction settlement terms) and (b) any Hedging Positions that the Issuer has entered or may enter 
into in connection with the Notes that may impact, amongst other things, any determinations or 
calculations under such Credit Linked Notes). The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as 
practicable after the relevant Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms are 
published, notify the Issuer that Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms have 
been published with respect to an Affected Reference Entity and a Relevant Credit Event. 
Copies of the Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms are made available by 
the DC Secretary at its website (www.isda.org) or any successor website). 
Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement means a DC Credit Event Announcement which 
the Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Credit Linked Notes (for which purpose the 
Calculation Agent may take into account (a) the applicable Credit Event, Transaction Type and 
Reference Entity, whether the announcement relates to interpretation under the Credit 
Derivatives Definitions, the seniority of the obligation resulting in a credit event, the date the 
credit event occurred, the reference obligations in question and any  connected DC Resolution 
(including in respect of the determination of a Credit Event Resolution Request Date) and/or 
statement associated with such announcement and (b) any Hedging Position that the Issuer has 
entered or may enter into in connection with the Credit Linked Notes). 
Applicable DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement means a DC Credit Event Meeting 
Announcement which the Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Credit Linked Notes 
(for which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account without limitation (a) the 
applicable question submitted, the Transaction Type and Reference Entity, whether the 
announcement relates to interpretation under the Credit Derivatives Definitions, the obligations 
or seniority of the obligation(s) in question if relevant, the date the relevant event is stated to 
have occurred, the deliverable obligations and/or seniority of the deliverable obligations(s) in 
question, if relevant, the reference obligations in question and connected DC Resolution  and/or 
statement associated with such announcement) and (b) any Hedging Position  that the Issuer has 
entered or may enter into in connection with the Credit Linked Notes). 
Applicable DC Credit Event Question means a DC Credit Event Question which the 
Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Credit Linked Notes (for which purpose the 
Calculation Agent may take into account without limitation (a) the applicable question 
submitted, the Transaction Type and Reference Entity, whether the announcement relates to 
interpretation under the Credit Derivatives Definitions, the obligations or seniority of the 
obligation(s) in question if relevant, the date the relevant event is stated to have occurred, the 
reference obligations in question and any connected DC Resolution  and/or statement associated 
with such announcement and (b) any credit hedging transaction that the Issuer has entered or 
may enter into in connection with the Credit Linked Notes that may impact, amongst other 
things, any determinations or calculations under such Credit Linked Notes). 
Applicable DC Credit Event Question Dismissal means a DC Credit Event Question 
Dismissal which the Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Credit Linked Notes (for 
which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account without limitation (a) the applicable 
question submitted, the Transaction Type and Reference Entity, whether the announcement 
relates to interpretation under the Credit Derivatives Definitions, the obligations or seniority of 
the obligation(s) in question if relevant, the date the relevant event is stated to have occurred, 
the reference obligations in question, the date of such question dismissal and any connected DC 
Resolution  and/or statement associated with such announcement) and (b) any Hedging Position  
that the Issuer has entered or may enter into in connection with the Credit Linked Notes that

--- Page 584 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
556 
 
may impact, amongst other things, any determinations or calculations under such Credit Linked 
Notes). 
Applicable DC No Credit Event Announcement means a DC No Credit Event Announcement 
which the Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Credit Linked Notes (for which 
purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account without limitation (a) applicable Credit 
Event, Transaction Type and Reference Entity, whether the announcement relates to 
interpretation under the Credit Derivatives Definitions, the seniority of the obligation resulting 
in a credit event, the date the credit event occurred, the reference obligations in question and 
any connected DC Resolutions and/or statements associated with such announcement  and (b) 
any Hedging Position that the Issuer has entered or may enter into in connection with the Credit 
Linked Notes that may impact, amongst other things, any determinations or calculations under 
such Credit Linked Notes). 
Applicable Principal Currency Amount means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked 
Notes, an amount equal to the nominal amount of the Reference Investor Assets, expressed as 
the Settlement Currency Principal Amount or the LCY Reference Amount, as specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
Applicable Proportion means (subject to the relevant provisions set out in Credit Linked 
Condition 22 (Successor Provisions)), in respect of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk 
Event (as applicable) and a Credit Linked Note: 
(a) 
in the case of Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth to-Default Credit Linked Notes, 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes and Local 
Access Credit Linked Notes, the product of: 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination of each Credit Linked Note; and 
(ii) 
(I) 
if the Relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring: 
(x) 
in respect of a Single Name Credit Linked Note, an Nth-to-Default 
Basket Credit Linked Note or a Local Access Credit Linked Note, 
100 per cent.; or 
(y) 
in respect of a Linear Basket Credit Linked Note or an Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Note, an amount (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to (x) the Reference Entity Notional Amount 
relating to the relevant Affected Reference Entity, divided by (y) 
the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Linear Basket 
Credit Linked Notes or Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, as 
applicable; or 
(II) 
if the Relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring, an amount 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to (x) the Exercise Amount specified in 
the relevant Credit Event Notice relating to the relevant Reference Entity 
and Credit Event, divided by (y) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount 
of the Credit Linked Notes; and 
(b) 
in the case of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes, the product of: 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination of each Credit Linked Note; and 
(ii) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (x) the relevant Principal 
Writedown Amount with respect to an Affected Reference Entity and Relevant 
Credit Event, divided by (y) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Credit Linked Notes. 
Applicable Resolution means a DC Resolution of a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee which the Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Credit Linked Notes (for 
which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account without limitation (a) the applicable

--- Page 585 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
557 
 
question submitted, the Transaction Type and Reference Entity, whether the announcement 
relates to interpretation under the Credit Derivatives Definitions, the obligations or seniority of 
the obligation(s) in question if relevant, the date the relevant event is stated to have occurred, 
the reference obligations in question and any connected DC Resolution  and/or statement 
associated with such announcement and (b) any Hedging Position that the Issuer has entered or 
may enter into in connection with the Credit Linked Notes). 
Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms means, with respect to a relevant 
Reference Entity and a Credit Event, the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms 
which the Calculation Agent determines constitute Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
Asset means each obligation, equity, amount of cash, security, fee (including any "early-bird" 
or other consent fee), right and/or other asset, whether tangible or otherwise and whether issued, 
incurred, paid or provided by the relevant Reference Entity or a third party (or any value which 
was realised or capable of being realised in circumstances where the right and/or other asset no 
longer exists). 
Asset Market Value means the market value of an Asset, as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine by reference to an appropriate specialist valuation or in accordance with the 
methodology determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
Asset Package means, in respect of an Asset Package Credit Event, all of the Assets in the 
proportion received or retained by a Relevant Holder in connection with such relevant Asset 
Package Credit Event (which may include the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond, as the case may be). If the Relevant Holder is offered a choice of Assets or a 
choice of combination of Assets, the Asset Package will be the Largest Asset Package. If the 
Relevant Holder is offered, receives and retains nothing, the Asset Package shall be deemed to 
be zero. An Asset Package shall be treated as having the same currency and Outstanding 
Principal Balance as that of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as 
applicable, to which it corresponds immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event. 
Asset Package Credit Event means: 
(a) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are specified as 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms: (i) a Governmental Intervention; or (ii) a 
Restructuring in respect of the Reference Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity, if 
"Restructuring" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and such 
Restructuring does not constitute a Governmental Intervention; and 
(b) 
if the relevant Reference Entity is a Sovereign and "Restructuring" is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, a Restructuring, 
in each case, whether or not such event is specified as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit 
Event Notice or the DC Credit Event Announcement. 
Attachment Point means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
Auction means, with respect to a relevant Reference Entity and a Relevant Credit Event, unless 
otherwise specified in the Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms an auction 
pursuant to which an Auction Final Price is to be determined in accordance with the auction 
procedure set out in the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
Auction Cancellation Date means, with respect to an Auction, unless otherwise specified in 
the relevant Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms, the date on which such Auction 
was deemed to have been cancelled as announced by the DC Secretary (and/or the 
administrators specified in the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms) on its 
website or such other date as determined and announced in accordance with the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms.

--- Page 586 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
558 
 
Auction Final Price means, with respect to an Applicable Auction, unless otherwise specified 
in the relevant Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms, the price (expressed as a 
percentage) in respect of the deliverable obligations which would constitute Reference 
Obligation(s) and/or Deliverable Obligation(s) under the Credit Linked Notes or if an Asset 
Package Credit Event has resulted in such Applicable Auction, in respect of the Asset Package 
which results from either a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond under 
the Credit Linked Notes. The Auction Final Price with respect to a Reference Entity and a related 
Credit 
Event 
can 
be 
obtained 
at 
the 
auction 
administrator's 
website 
at 
http://www.creditfixings.com/CreditEventAuctions/fixings.jsp or any successor website. 
Auction Final Price Determination Date means, with respect to an Applicable Auction, the 
day, if any, on which the Auction Final Price is determined or such other date as specified in the 
relevant Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
Auction Redemption Amount means, in respect of each Single Name Credit Linked Note, 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note, Linear Basket Credit Linked Note or Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Note, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms, an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
the product of: 
(i) 
the Applicable Proportion; and 
(ii) 
the Auction Final Price, 
minus each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of the Unwind Costs, if any. 
Auction Redemption Amount Notice means a notice in writing specifying the Auction 
Redemption Amount, the Index Tranched Redemption Amount or Portfolio Tranched 
Redemption Amount, as applicable, relating to any Relevant Credit Event and the related Final 
Auction Redemption Amount, Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount or Portfolio Tranched 
Final Redemption Amount, as applicable, including the Auction Final Price, any Loss Amount, 
Recovery Amount, Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount and/or Index Tranched Incurred 
Recovery Amount, Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount and/or Portfolio Tranched 
Incurred Recovery Amount, as applicable, and the Unwind Costs, if any. 
Auction Redemption Date means the date that is the number of Business Days specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms (or, if a number of Business Days is not so specified, five Business Days) 
following the date on which the Issuer delivers the Auction Redemption Amount Notice to the 
Fiscal Agent. 
Bankruptcy means the relevant Reference Entity: 
(a) 
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(b) 
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a judicial, 
regulatory or administrative proceeding or filing its inability generally to pay its debts as 
they become due; 
(c) 
makes a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the benefit 
of its creditors generally, or such a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or 
composition becomes effective; 
(d) 
institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other similar relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other 
law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, 
and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it, such 
proceeding or petition:

--- Page 587 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
559 
 
(i) 
results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief 
or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation; or 
(ii) 
is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within thirty 
calendar days of the institution or presentation thereof; 
(e) 
has a resolution passed for its winding-up or liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(f) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, 
conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or 
substantially all its assets; 
(g) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on 
or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, 
or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within 
thirty calendar days thereafter; or 
(h) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of 
any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in sub-paragraphs 
(a) to (g) of this definition. 
Capital Ratio means, in respect of a CoCo Reference Entity, the ratio of capital to risk weighted 
assets applicable to the Obligation, as described in the terms thereof in effect from time to time. 
Cash Redemption Amount means, in respect of each Single Name Credit Linked Note, Nth-
to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note, Linear Basket Credit Linked Note or Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Note, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms, an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
the product of: 
(i) 
the Applicable Proportion; and 
(ii) 
(x) the Final Price or (y) where Fixed Recovery Redemption is applicable, the 
Fixed Recovery Percentage, 
minus each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of the Unwind Costs, if any.  
Cash Redemption Amount Notice means a notice in writing specifying the Cash Redemption 
Amount, the Index Tranched Redemption Amount or Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount, 
as applicable, relating to any Relevant Credit Event and the related Final Cash Redemption 
Amount, Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount or Portfolio Tranched Final Redemption 
Amount, as applicable, including the Final Price, any Loss Amount, Recovery Amount, Index 
Tranched Incurred Loss Amount and/or Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount, Portfolio 
Tranched Incurred Loss Amount and/or Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount, as 
applicable, and Unwind Costs, if any, together with (i) the Valuation Obligation(s) which were 
the subject of the Quotation, (ii) the Valuation Date, (iii) the Quotation Amount, (iv) each such 
Quotation that it received in connection with the calculation of the Final Price and (v) a written 
computation showing such calculation. 
Cash Redemption Date means the date that is the number of Business Days specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms (or, if a number of Business Days is not so specified, five Business Days) 
following the date on which the Issuer delivers the Cash Redemption Amount Notice to the 
Fiscal Agent. 
Certificate Balance means, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity and in the case 
of an Insured Instrument that is in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded

--- Page 588 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
560 
 
beneficial interest, the unit principal balance, certificate balance or similar measure of 
unreimbursed principal investment. 
CoCo Provision means, in respect of a CoCo Reference Entity and with respect to an 
Obligation, a provision which requires (i) a permanent or temporary reduction of the amount of 
principal payable at redemption or (ii) a conversion of principal into shares or another 
instrument, in each case, if the Capital Ratio is at or below the Trigger Percentage. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the operation of one or more CoCo Provisions shall not result in delivery 
of the Deliverable Obligation to Securityholders. 
CoCo Reference Entity means a Reference Entity to which the "2014 CoCo Supplement to the 
2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions", as published by ISDA on 15 September 2014, is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation means a Deliverable Obligation that is either 
Transferable, in the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Modified 
Eligible Transferees without the consent of any person being required, in the case of any 
Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds, in each case, as of the Delivery Date, provided, 
however, that a Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds will be a Conditionally Transferable 
Obligation notwithstanding that consent of the relevant Reference Entity or the guarantor, if 
any, of a Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds (or the consent of the relevant obligor if the 
relevant Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Deliverable Obligation) or any agent is required 
for such novation, assignment or transfer, so long as the terms of such Deliverable Obligation 
provide that such consent may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Any requirement that 
notification of novation, assignment or transfer of a Deliverable Obligation be provided to a 
trustee, administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent for a Deliverable Obligation shall 
not be considered to be a requirement for consent for purposes of this definition of 
"Conditionally Transferable Obligation". 
In respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, in the event that a Conditionally Transferable 
Obligation is a Qualifying Policy, the Insured Instrument must meet the requirements of this 
definition, and if the benefit of the Qualifying Policy is not transferred as part of any transfer of 
the Insured Instrument, the Qualifying Policy must be transferable at least to the same extent as 
the Insured Instrument. References in this definition to the guarantor and guaranteeing shall be 
deemed to include the insurer and insuring, respectively. 
Conforming Reference Obligation means a Reference Obligation which is a Deliverable 
Obligation determined in accordance with sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable 
Obligation". 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms means any Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement 
Terms 
published 
by 
the 
DC 
Secretary 
on 
its 
website 
at 
https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor website) from time to time 
and may be amended from time to time. The Calculation Agent shall be authorised to construe 
any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms (including any Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms) in such manner as it shall determine in 
its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, to be necessary in order to give effect 
to the meaning of any word or expression used herein which is defined by reference to such 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
Credit Derivatives Definitions means the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, as 
published by ISDA, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee means each committee established pursuant 
to the DC Rules for purposes of reaching certain DC Resolutions. 
Credit Event means, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the occurrence of one or more of 
the following Credit Events as specified in the relevant Issue Terms: Bankruptcy, Failure to Pay, 
Obligation Acceleration, Obligation Default, Repudiation/Moratorium, Restructuring or 
Governmental Intervention. If an occurrence would otherwise constitute a Credit Event, such

--- Page 589 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
561 
 
occurrence will constitute a Credit Event whether or not such occurrence arises directly or 
indirectly from, or is subject to a defence based upon: 
(a) 
any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of the relevant Reference Entity to enter 
into any Obligation or, as applicable, an Underlying Obligor to enter into any Underlying 
Obligation; 
(b) 
any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect 
to any Obligation or, as applicable, any Underlying Obligation, however described; 
(c) 
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the 
promulgation of, or any change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory 
authority or similar administrative or judicial body with competent or apparent 
jurisdiction of any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described; 
or 
(d) 
the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any 
other similar restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority, however 
described. 
In respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, for purposes of this definition, references to 
the Underlying Obligation and the Underlying Obligor shall be deemed to include Insured 
Instruments and the Insured Obligor, respectively. 
Credit Event Backstop Date means, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms to 
be the Trade Date or the Issue Date: 
(a) 
for the purposes of any event that constitutes a Credit Event (or, with respect to a 
Repudiation/Moratorium, if applicable, the event described in sub-paragraph (b) of the 
definition thereof), as determined by DC Resolution, the date that is 60 calendar days 
prior to the Credit Event Resolution Request Date; or 
(b) 
otherwise, the date that is 60 calendar days prior to the earlier of (i) the "Notice Delivery 
Date", if the Notice Delivery Date occurs during the Notice Delivery Period and (ii) the 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date, if the Notice Delivery Date occurs during the Post 
Dismissal Additional Period. 
The Credit Event Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention. 
Credit Event Notice means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer for 
onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and the Securityholders, which the Calculation Agent has 
the right (but not the obligation) to deliver, which: 
(a) 
identifies the Series of Credit Linked Notes to which the Credit Event Notice relates; 
(b) 
states the Calculation Agent's intention for the Issuer to either redeem or write down the 
relevant Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, by the Applicable Proportion thereof, in 
accordance with the relevant Credit Event Redemption Method and the applicable 
Fallback Redemption Method; and 
(c) 
describes a Credit Event that occurred on or after the Credit Event Backstop Date and on 
or prior to the Extension Date. 
Any Credit Event Notice that describes a Credit Event that occurred after the Scheduled 
Maturity Date must relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace Period 
Extension Date, or the relevant Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
A Credit Event Notice that describes a Credit Event other than an M(M)R Restructuring must 
be in respect of the full Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the relevant Credit Linked

--- Page 590 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
562 
 
Notes or the full Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Affected Reference Entity, as 
applicable, in the relevant Series, subject to Credit Linked Condition 22 (Successor Provisions). 
A Credit Event Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the 
determination that a Relevant Credit Event has occurred. The Relevant Credit Event that is the 
subject of the Credit Event Notice need not be continuing on the date the Credit Event Notice is 
effective. 
Credit Event Redemption Amount means, the Auction Redemption Amount, Cash 
Redemption Amount, Index Tranched Redemption Amount, Portfolio Tranched Redemption 
Amount or the LA Cash Redemption Amount.  
Credit Event Redemption Date means: 
(a) 
in respect of Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked 
Notes or Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes: 
(i) 
if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, the Auction Redemption 
Date or the Cash Redemption Date; 
(ii) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, the Final Auction Redemption Date or 
the Final Cash Redemption Date; or 
(iii) 
if "Physical Redemption" applies as the Credit Event Redemption Method or the 
Fallback Redemption Method, the Physical Redemption Date; 
(b) 
in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes: 
(i) 
if "Credit Payment following Credit Event" applies, the Auction Redemption 
Date or the Cash Redemption Date; or 
(ii) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, the Final Auction Redemption Date or 
the Final Cash Redemption Date; or 
(c) 
in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes: 
(i) 
if "Credit Payment following Risk Event" applies, the LA Cash Redemption Date; 
(ii) 
if "Credit Payment on Maturity" applies, the Final LA Cash Redemption Date; or 
(iii) 
if "LA Physical Redemption" applies as the Risk Event Redemption Method, the 
LA Physical Redemption Date. 
Credit Event Redemption Method means:  
(a) 
in respect of Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked 
Notes or Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Auction Redemption, Cash Redemption, 
Physical Redemption or Fixed Recovery Redemption; or 
(b) 
in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Auction Redemption, Cash 
Redemption or Fixed Recovery Redemption, 
in each case, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date means, with respect to a DC Credit Event Question, 
the date, as publicly announced by the DC Secretary or as set out in any DC Resolution, that the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to be the date on which the DC 
Credit Event Question was effective and on which the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee was in possession of Publicly Available Information with respect to 
such DC Credit Event Question.

--- Page 591 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
563 
 
Credit Event Writedown Date means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes and a Relevant Credit Event, the first day immediately 
following the Relevant Event Determination Date relating to such Relevant Credit Event. 
Credit Linked Note means a Single Name Credit Linked Note, an Nth-to-Default Basket Credit 
Linked Note, a Linear Basket Credit Linked Note, an Index Untranched Credit Linked Note, an 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Note, a Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note or a Local 
Access Credit Linked Note.  
Credit Payment on Maturity Amount means, on any day, if "Credit Payment on Maturity" 
applies, the aggregate of all Auction Redemption Amounts, Cash Redemption Amounts, Index 
Tranched Redemption Amounts, Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amounts or LA Cash 
Redemption Amounts, as applicable, calculated on such day.  
CRR means Article 63 of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013, as amended or replaced from time to time. 
Currency Amount means, with respect to (a) a Deliverable Obligation specified in a Notice of 
Physical Settlement that is denominated in a currency other than the Settlement Currency, an 
amount converted to the Settlement Currency using a conversion rate determined by reference 
to the Currency Rate and (b) a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a NOPS 
Amendment Notice, an amount converted to the Settlement Currency (or, if applicable, back 
into the Settlement Currency) using a conversion rate determined by reference to the Currency 
Rate, if any, and each Revised Currency Rate used to convert each Replaced Deliverable 
Obligation Outstanding Amount specified in each NOPS Amendment Notice into the currency 
of denomination of the relevant Replacement Deliverable Obligation. 
Currency Rate means with respect to (a) a Deliverable Obligation specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement, the rate of conversion between the Settlement Currency and the currency 
in which the Outstanding Amount of such Deliverable Obligation is denominated that is either 
(i) determined by reference to the Currency Rate Source as at the Next Currency Fixing Time 
or (ii) if such rate is not available at such time, as the Calculation Agent shall determine and (b) 
a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a NOPS Amendment Notice, the Revised 
Currency Rate. 
Currency Rate Source means the mid-point rate of conversion published by WM/Reuters at 
4:00 p.m. (London time), or any successor rate source approved by the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
CUSIP means, with respect to a security, the "CUSIP" identification number assigned to such 
security (if any). 
Custodian means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, any custodian (including 
the Reference Custodian), sub-custodian, depositary, settlement system, bank or clearing house 
(or any agent or delegate of any of the foregoing) or any exchange used by a Reference Investor 
as part of any Reference Custodial/Settlement Arrangement entered into from time to time. 
DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date means, with respect to a DC Credit Event 
Announcement, the Auction Final Price Determination Date, the Auction Cancellation Date, or 
the date that is 14 calendar days following the No Auction Announcement Date, if any, as 
applicable. 
DC Credit Event Announcement means, with respect to the relevant Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved that an event that constitutes a Credit Event has occurred on or after 
the Credit Event Backstop Date and on or prior to the Extension Date provided that if the Credit 
Event occurred after the Scheduled Maturity Date, the DC Credit Event Announcement must 
relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace Period Extension Date, or 
the relevant Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation 
Date.

--- Page 592 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
564 
 
DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement means, with respect to the relevant Reference 
Entity, a public announcement by the DC Secretary that a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee will be convened to Resolve the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
DC Credit Event Question means a notice to the DC Secretary requesting that a Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve an issue in respect to a 
Reference Entity. 
DC Credit Event Question Dismissal means, with respect to a relevant Reference Entity, a 
public announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved not to determine the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
DC-determined EDD has the meaning given in Credit Linked Condition 12(b) (Ordering of 
Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date following multiple Credit Events 
or Risk Events). 
DC No Credit Event Announcement means, with respect to the relevant Reference Entity, a 
public announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved that an event that is the subject of a DC Credit Event Question does 
not constitute a Credit Event with respect to such Reference Entity. 
DC Resolution means a resolution of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee in 
accordance with the definition of "Resolve" below. 
DC Rules means the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Rules, as published by the 
DC Secretary on its website https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor 
website) from time to time and as amended from time to time in accordance with the terms 
hereof. 
DC Secretary means DC Administration Services, Inc. or such other entity designated as DC 
Secretary in accordance with the DC Rules. 
Default Requirement means the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency (or, if no such amount is specified, USD 
10,000,000 or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency) in either case, as of the 
occurrence of the Relevant Credit Event. 
Deliver means to deliver, novate, transfer (including, in the case of a Guarantee, transfer of the 
benefit of the Guarantee), assign or sell, as appropriate, in the manner customary for the 
settlement of the applicable Deliverable Obligations (which shall include executing all 
necessary documentation and taking any other necessary actions): 
(a) 
in order to convey all right, title (or, with respect to Deliverable Obligations where any 
equitable title is customarily conveyed, all equitable title) and interest in the Deliverable 
Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment 
Notice, as applicable, to the relevant Securityholder; and 
(b) 
free and clear of any and all liens, charges, claims or encumbrances (excluding any liens 
routinely imposed on all securities in a relevant clearing system, but including, without 
limitation, any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence based on the 
factors set forth in sub-paragraphs (a) to (d) of the definition of "Credit Event") or right 
of set-off by or of the relevant Reference Entity or any applicable Underlying Obligor), 
provided that: 
(i) 
if a Deliverable Obligation is a Direct Loan Participation, "Deliver" means to create (or 
procure the creation of) a participation in favour of the relevant Securityholder; and 
(ii) 
if a Deliverable Obligation is a Guarantee, "Deliver" means to Deliver both the 
Underlying Obligation and the Guarantee,

--- Page 593 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
565 
 
provided further that if the Guarantee has a Fixed Cap, "Deliver" means to Deliver the 
Underlying Obligation, the Guarantee and all claims to any amounts which are subject to such 
Fixed Cap. 
Delivery and Delivered will be construed accordingly. 
In the case of a Loan, Delivery shall be effected using documentation substantially in the form 
of the documentation customarily used in the relevant market for Delivery of such Loan at that 
time provided further that each of the Issuer and each Securityholder agrees to comply with the 
provisions of any documentation (which shall be deemed to include any market advisory that 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to approve for such 
purpose) that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves constitutes 
documentation customarily used in the relevant market for Delivery of such Loan at that time, 
as such documentation may be amended to the extent the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee Resolves is appropriate, which is consistent with the delivery and 
payment obligations of the parties hereunder. 
The Issuer and each Securityholder further agrees that compliance by it with the provisions of 
any such documentation, shall be required for, and, without further action, constitute, Delivery 
for the purposes of this definition (to the extent that such documentation contains provisions 
describing how Delivery should be effected) and neither the Issuer nor any Securityholder shall 
be permitted to request that the other take, nor shall it be required to take, any action under 
Credit Linked Condition 17(b) (Physical Redemption Assets) or 17(k) (LA Physical Redemption 
Terms) unless otherwise contemplated by such documentation. 
In respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, "Deliver" with respect to an obligation that 
is a Qualifying Policy means to Deliver both the Insured Instrument and the benefit of the 
Qualifying Policy (or a custodial receipt issued by an internationally recognised custodian 
representing an interest in such Insured Instrument and the related Qualifying Policy), and 
"Delivery" and "Delivered" will be construed accordingly. Further, for purposes of this 
definition, references to the Underlying Obligation and the Underlying Obligor shall be deemed 
to include Insured Instruments and the Insured Obligor, respectively. 
Deliverable Obligation means: 
(a) 
any obligation of the relevant Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a 
Relevant Guarantee) or in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying 
Policy, determined pursuant to the "Method for determining Deliverable Obligations" 
below; 
(b) 
the Reference Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity; 
(c) 
solely in relation to a Restructuring Credit Event applicable to a relevant Reference 
Entity which is a Sovereign, and unless Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any 
Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation; and 
(d) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Prior Deliverable Obligation (if, "Financial 
Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms) or any 
Package Observable Bond (if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign), 
in each case, (i) unless it is an Excluded Deliverable Obligation and (ii) provided that the 
obligation has an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount that is greater than 
zero (determined for the purposes of sub-paragraph (d) of this definition, immediately prior to 
the relevant Asset Package Credit Event). 
Method for determining Deliverable Obligations 
For the purposes of this definition of "Deliverable Obligation", a Deliverable Obligation shall 
be each Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity described by the Deliverable Obligation 
Category specified in the relevant Issue Terms, and, subject to Credit Linked Condition 27 
(Interpretation of Obligation Characteristics and Deliverable Obligation Characteristics), 
having each of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the relevant Issue

--- Page 594 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
566 
 
Terms, in each case, as of the Delivery Date (unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms). The following terms shall have the following meanings: 
(I) 
Deliverable Obligation Category means one of Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference 
Obligation Only, Bond, Loan, or Bond or Loan (each as defined in the definition of 
"Obligation" below, except that, for the purposes of determining Deliverable 
Obligations, the definition of "Reference Obligation Only" shall be amended to state that 
no Deliverable Obligation Characteristics shall be applicable to Reference Obligation 
Only); 
(II) 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics means any one or more of Not Subordinated, 
Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, 
Listed, Not Domestic Issuance, (each as defined in the definition of "Obligation" below), 
Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan, Direct Loan Participation, Transferable, 
Maximum Maturity, Accelerated or Matured and Not Bearer; 
(III) 
Accelerated or Matured means an obligation under which the principal amount owed, 
whether by reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise, is due and payable 
in full in accordance with the terms of such obligation, or would have been but for, and 
without regard to, any limitation imposed under any applicable insolvency laws; 
(IV) 
Assignable Loan means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated to, at a 
minimum, commercial banks or financial institutions (irrespective of their jurisdiction of 
organisation) that are not then a lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate, 
without the consent of the relevant Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such 
Loan (or the consent of the applicable borrower if the relevant Reference Entity is 
guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent; 
(V) 
Consent Required Loan means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated with 
the consent of the Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent 
of the relevant borrower if the relevant Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) or 
any agent; 
(VI) 
Direct Loan Participation means a Loan in respect of which, pursuant to a participation 
agreement, Issuer is capable of creating, or procuring the creation of, a contractual right 
in favour of each Securityholder that provides each such Securityholder with recourse to 
the participation seller for a specified share in any payments due under the relevant Loan 
which are received by such participation seller, any such agreement to be entered into 
between each such Securityholder and either (A) the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates, 
as the case may be (to the extent the Issuer and/or any such Affiliate, as applicable, is 
then a lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate), or (B) any lender or member 
of the relevant lending syndicate nominated by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent; 
(VII) Maximum Maturity" means an obligation that has a remaining maturity of not greater 
than the period specified in the relevant Issue Terms (or if no such period is specified, 
30 years); 
(VIII) Not Bearer means any obligation that is not a bearer instrument unless interests with 
respect to such bearer instrument are cleared via the Euroclear system, Clearstream 
International or any other internationally recognised clearing system; and 
(IX) 
Transferable means an obligation that is transferable to institutional investors without 
any contractual, statutory or regulatory restriction provided that none of the following 
shall be considered contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions: 
(a) 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions that provide for eligibility for 
resale pursuant to Rule 144A or Regulation S promulgated under the U.S. 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (and any contractual, statutory or regulatory 
restrictions promulgated under the laws of any jurisdiction having a similar effect 
in relation to the eligibility for resale of an obligation);

--- Page 595 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
567 
 
(b) 
restrictions on permitted investments such as statutory or regulatory investment 
restrictions on insurance companies and pension funds; or 
(c) 
restrictions in respect of blocked periods on or around payment dates or voting 
periods. 
Notwithstanding the definition of "Deliverable Obligation" above: 
(a) 
in respect of a Hellenic Reference Entity, any obligation that is a "Bond or a Loan" that 
was issued or incurred, as the case may be, on or prior to 1 February 2012; 
(b) 
in respect of an Ecuador Reference Entity, any obligation that is a "Bond" that was issued 
on or prior to 31 December 2009; or 
(c) 
in respect of a Ukraine Reference Entity, any obligation that is a "Bond" that was issued 
on or prior to 1 November 2015, 
shall, in each case, be an "Excluded Deliverable Obligation". 
Deliverable Obligation Notice has the meaning given to it in Credit Linked Condition 
17(a)(iii)(C) (Delivery of Physical Redemption Assets). 
Deliverable Obligation Provisions means the provisions of the Credit Linked Notes that 
specify criteria for establishing what obligations may constitute Deliverable Obligations. 
Deliverable Obligation Terms has the meaning set out in the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms. 
Delivery Date means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation or an Asset Package, the date on 
which such Deliverable Obligation is Delivered (or deemed to be delivered in accordance with 
the definition of "Deliver"). 
Delivery Expenses means all costs, taxes (including transaction taxes), duties and/or expenses, 
including stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax and/or other costs, duties or taxes arising from the 
delivery of the Physical Redemption Assets and/or LA Settlement Assets and in respect of a 
Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, shall additionally include any transfer or similar fee 
reasonably incurred by the Issuer in connection with the Delivery of a Qualifying Policy and 
payable to the Reference Entity. 
Domestic Currency means the currency specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms and any 
successor currency thereto (or if no such currency is specified, the lawful currency and any 
successor currency of (a) the relevant Reference Entity, if the relevant Reference Entity is a 
Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in which the relevant Reference Entity is organised, if the 
Reference Entity is not a Sovereign). 
Domestic Law means each of the laws of (a) the relevant Reference Entity, if such Reference 
Entity is a Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in which the relevant Reference Entity is organised, 
if such Reference Entity is not a Sovereign. 
Downstream Affiliate means an entity whose outstanding Voting Shares were, at the date of 
issuance of the Qualifying Guarantee, more than 50 per cent owned, directly or indirectly, by 
the relevant Reference Entity. 
Due and Payable Amount means the amount that is due and payable by the relevant Reference 
Entity under the obligation whether by reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise 
(excluding sums in respect of default interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups and other similar 
amounts) less (I) the Delivery Expenses and Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount (in each case, 
if any); plus (II) all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the obligation 
(a) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (b) may otherwise be reduced as a result of the 
effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than 
by way of (i) payment or (ii) a Permitted Contingency), in each case, determined in accordance

--- Page 596 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
568 
 
with the terms of the obligation in effect on either (A) the Delivery Date or (B) the Valuation 
Date, as applicable. 
Ecuador Reference Entity means a Reference Entity which is the Republic of Ecuador and to 
which the "Additional Provisions for the Republic of Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and 
Excluded Deliverable Obligations", as published by ISDA on 5 March 2018, is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Effective Date means, in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes and the relevant Index, the date specified as such in respect of the Index in 
the relevant Issue Terms. 
Eligible Information means information which is publicly available or which can be made 
public without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the 
confidentiality of such information. 
Eligible Transferee means: 
(a) 
any: 
(i) 
bank or other financial institution; 
(ii) 
insurance or reinsurance company; 
(iii) 
mutual fund, unit trust or similar collective investment vehicle (other than an 
entity specified in sub-paragraph (i) of this definition); and 
(iv) 
registered or licensed broker or dealer (other than a natural person or 
proprietorship), 
provided, however, in each case that such entity has total assets of at least USD 
500,000,000; 
(b) 
an Affiliate of an entity specified in the sub-paragraph (a) of this definition; 
(c) 
each of a corporation, partnership, proprietorship, organisation, trust or other entity: 
(i) 
that is an investment vehicle (including, without limitation, any hedge fund, issuer 
of collateralised debt obligation, commercial paper conduit or other special 
purpose vehicle) that (A) has total assets of at least USD 100,000,000 or (B) is 
one of a group of investment vehicles under common control or management 
having, in the aggregate, total assets of at least USD 100,000,000; 
(ii) 
that has total assets of at least USD 500,000,000; or 
(iii) 
the obligations of which under an agreement, contract or transaction are 
guaranteed or otherwise supported by a letter of credit or keepwell, support or 
other agreement by an entity described in sub-paragraph (a), (b), (c)(ii) or (d) of 
this definition; and 
(d) 
(i) 
any Sovereign; or 
(ii) 
any entity or organisation established by treaty or other arrangement between two 
or more Sovereigns including, without limiting the foregoing, the International 
Monetary Fund, European Central Bank, International Bank for Reconstruction 
and Development and European Bank for Reconstruction and Development. 
All references in this definition of "Eligible Transferee" to USD include equivalent amounts in 
other currencies as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Euroclear means Euroclear Bank SA/NV.

--- Page 597 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
569 
 
Event Determination Date means Standard Event Determination Date or Non-Standard Event 
Determination Date, as applicable. 
Excluded Deliverable Obligation means: 
(a) 
any Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described 
in the relevant Issue Terms; 
(b) 
any principal only component of a Bond from which some or all of the interest 
components have been stripped; and 
(c) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Obligation issued or incurred on or after the 
date of the relevant Asset Package Credit Event. 
Excluded Obligation means: 
(a) 
any Obligation of a relevant Reference Entity specified as such or of a type specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms; 
(b) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms and the relevant Reference Entity is a Senior Reference Entity, then for purposes 
of determining whether a Governmental Intervention or Restructuring has occurred, any 
Subordinated Obligation; and 
(c) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms and the relevant Reference Entity is a Subordinated Reference Entity, then for 
purposes of determining whether a Governmental Intervention or Restructuring has 
occurred, any Further Subordinated Obligation. 
Exercise Amount has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 14 (M(M)R 
Restructuring). 
Exhaustion Point means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
Extended Maturity Date means, if Scheduled Maturity Date Extension applies pursuant to 
Credit Linked Condition 13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension) and where:  
(i) 
no Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as 
applicable, occurs on or prior to the Notes Extension Date under limbs (i), (ii), (iii) of 
Credit Linked Condition 13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), the latest to occur of: 
(A) 
the date falling five Business Days after the Notes Extension Date; 
(B) 
 the final Credit Event Redemption Date in relation to any unsettled Relevant 
Credit Events or Relevant Risk Events, as applicable, or if later, any Final 
Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date (including any final Partial Cash Redemption 
Date or final Fallback Cash Redemption Date); 
(C) 
the date falling five Business Days after the Payment Failure Cut-Off Date, if 
applicable; or 
(D) 
in the case of Local Access Credit Linked Notes only, the date falling five 
Business Days after the RMB Currency Settlement Cut-Off Date, if applicable; 
or 
(ii) 
in respect of Credit Linked Notes (other than Local Access Credit Linked Notes), where 
a Relevant Event Determination Date under limbs (i), (ii), (iii) of Credit Linked 
Condition 13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension) occurs on or prior to the Notes 
Extension Date, the later to occur of:  
(A) 
the final Credit Event Redemption Date in relation to any unsettled Relevant 
Credit Events, as applicable, or if later any Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off

--- Page 598 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
570 
 
Date (including any final Partial Cash Redemption Date or final Fallback Cash 
Redemption Date); or 
(B) 
the date falling five Business Days after the Payment Failure Cut-Off Date, if 
applicable; or 
(iii) 
in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, where a Relevant Risk Event 
Determination Date under limbs (i) and (ii) of Credit Linked Condition 13 (Scheduled 
Maturity Date Extension) occurs on or prior to the LA Cut-Off Date, the latest to occur 
of: 
(A) 
the final LA Cash Redemption Date or the final LA Physical Redemption Date, 
as applicable; 
(B) 
the date falling five Business Days after the Payment Failure Cut-Off Date, if 
applicable; or 
(C) 
the date falling five Business Days after the RMB Currency Settlement Cut-Off 
Date, if applicable. 
Extension Date means the latest of (a) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (b) the Grace Period 
Extension Date if (i) "Failure to Pay" and "Grace Period Extension" are specified as being 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, and (ii) the Potential Failure to Pay with respect to the 
relevant Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date and (c) the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date (if any) if "Repudiation/Moratorium" is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, as applicable. 
Failure to Pay means, after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the satisfaction 
of any conditions precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), the failure by the 
relevant Reference Entity to make, when and where due, any payments in an aggregate amount 
of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more Obligations, in accordance with 
the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure. 
If an occurrence that would constitute a Failure to Pay (a) is a result of a redenomination that 
occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority which is of general application 
in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (b) a freely available market rate of 
conversion existed at the time of the redenomination, then such occurrence will be deemed not 
to constitute a Failure to Pay unless the redenomination itself constituted a reduction in the rate 
or amount of interest, principal or premium payable (as determined by reference to such freely 
available market rate of conversion) at the time of such redenomination. 
If "Credit Deterioration Requirement" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
then notwithstanding the foregoing, it shall not constitute a Failure to Pay if such failure does 
not directly or indirectly result either from, or result in, a deterioration in the creditworthiness 
or financial condition of the relevant Reference Entity. In such case, any determination as to 
whether a "Failure to Pay" has occurred is to be made by the Calculation Agent, for which 
purposes, the Calculation Agent may take into account any guidance provided in the 2019 
Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Supplement. 
Fallback Redemption Method means Cash Redemption or Physical Redemption, as specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Final Auction Redemption Amount means, in respect of each relevant Credit Linked Note 
(other than an Index Tranched Credit Linked Note or a Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note 
or a Local Access Credit Linked Note), unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
such Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount; plus

--- Page 599 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
571 
 
(ii) 
the sum of all Auction Redemption Amounts determined in respect of the relevant 
Credit Linked Notes. 
Final Auction Redemption Date means the later to occur of (A) the last Auction Redemption 
Date in respect of the Credit Linked Notes and (B) the Scheduled Maturity Date or the Extended 
Maturity Date, as applicable. 
Final Cash Redemption Amount means, in respect of each relevant Credit Linked Note (other 
than an Index Tranched Credit Linked Note or a Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note or a 
Local Access Credit Linked Note), unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
such Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount; plus 
(ii) 
the sum of all Cash Redemption Amounts determined in respect of the relevant 
Credit Linked Notes. 
Final Cash Redemption Date means the later to occur of (A) the last Cash Redemption Date 
in respect of the Credit Linked Notes and (B) the Scheduled Maturity Date or the Extended 
Maturity Date, as applicable. 
Final LA Cash Redemption Amount means, in respect of each relevant Local Access Credit 
Linked Note, unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the greater of:  
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
such Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount; plus 
(ii) 
the sum of all LA Cash Redemption Amounts determined in respect of the Local 
Access Credit Linked Notes. 
Final LA Cash Redemption Date means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the 
later to occur of (A) the last LA Cash Redemption Date in respect of the Local Access Credit 
Linked Notes and (B) the Scheduled Maturity Date or the Extended Maturity Date, as 
applicable. 
Final List means the final list of Deliverable Obligations, Package Observable Bonds, Prior 
Deliverable Obligations, as applicable, and/or Assets which are the subject of the related 
Auction determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee in accordance with 
the DC Rules. 
Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date has the meaning given to it in Credit Linked 
Condition 20(b) (Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to deliver). 
Final Price means (a) the price of the Valuation Obligation(s) selected by the Calculation Agent 
in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, expressed as a percentage, 
determined in accordance with the specified Valuation Method or (b) where the Valuation 
Obligation is an Asset Package in its entirety relating to Prior Deliverable Obligation or a 
Package Observable Bond, as applicable, the price of the entirety of the Asset Package 
determined in accordance with the specified Valuation Method, expressed as a percentage of 
the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, of the Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond to which the Asset Package relates, in 
each case, determined in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 16(a) (Determination of 
Final Price).

--- Page 600 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
572 
 
Fixed Cap means, with respect to a Guarantee, a specified numerical limit or cap on the liability 
of the relevant Reference Entity in respect of some or all payments due under the Underlying 
Obligation, provided that a Fixed Cap shall exclude a limit or cap determined by reference to a 
formula with one or more variable inputs (and for these purposes, the outstanding principal or 
other amounts payable pursuant to the Underlying Obligation shall not be considered to be 
variable inputs). 
Fixed Recovery Percentage means, if Fixed Recovery Redemption is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the Issue Terms, the percentage specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms (which, for the avoidance of doubt, may include zero or 100 per cent.). 
Full Quotation means, in accordance with the Quotation Method, each firm quotation obtained 
from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time, to the extent reasonably practicable, for an 
amount of the Valuation Obligation with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable 
Amount equal to the Quotation Amount or for the Asset Package. 
Fully Transferable Obligation means a Deliverable Obligation that is either Transferable, in 
the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Eligible Transferees without 
the consent of any person being required, in the case of any Deliverable Obligation other than 
Bonds, in each case, as of the Delivery Date and the date on which an effective Notice of 
Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, was delivered. Any 
requirement that notification of novation, assignment or transfer of a Deliverable Obligation be 
provided to a trustee, administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent, for a Deliverable 
Obligation shall not be considered to be a requirement for consent for the purposes of this 
definition of "Fully Transferable Obligation". 
In respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, in the event that a Fully Transferable 
Obligation is a Qualifying Policy, the Insured Instrument must meet the requirements of this 
definition and, if the benefit of the Qualifying Policy is not transferred as part of any transfer of 
the Insured Instrument, the Qualifying Policy must be transferable at least to the same extent as 
the Insured Instrument. 
Funding Interest Rate means, in respect of a Funding Interest Amount, a rate per annum 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms which shall be based on the cost to the Issuer if it were 
to fund or of funding the amount on which such interest is accruing. 
Further Subordinated Obligation means, if the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference 
Obligation, as applicable, is a Subordinated Obligation, any Obligation which is Subordinated 
thereto. 
FX Rate means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the rate, determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the FX Rate Set Date, at which a non-resident of the Reference 
Jurisdiction can purchase the Settlement Currency against delivery of the LA Relevant Currency 
for value on the LA Value Date, provided that if LA Relevant Currency is specified as not 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, FX Rate shall be 1. 
FX Rate Set Date means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the date selected by 
the Calculation Agent, in its sole discretion, for determining the FX Rate. 
Governmental Authority means: 
(a) 
any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, ministry or 
department thereof); 
(b) 
any court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority, inter-governmental 
or supranational body; 
(c) 
any authority or any other entity (private or public) either designated as a resolution 
authority or charged with the regulation or supervision of the financial markets 
(including a central bank) of the relevant Reference Entity or some or all of its 
obligations; or

--- Page 601 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
573 
 
(d) 
any other authority which is analogous to the entities specified in sub-paragraph (a), (b) 
or (c) of this definition. 
Governmental Intervention means that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation 
to an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the 
following events occurs as a result of action taken or an announcement made by a Governmental 
Authority pursuant to, or by means of, a restructuring and resolution law or regulation (or any 
other similar law or regulation), in each case, applicable to the relevant Reference Entity in a 
form which is binding, irrespective of whether such event is expressly provided for under the 
terms of such Obligation: 
(a) 
any event which would affect creditors' rights so as to cause: 
(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled 
interest accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption 
(including by way of redenomination); 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (A) the payment or 
accrual of interest, or (B) the payment of principal or premium; or 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the 
Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation; 
(b) 
an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial holder 
of the Obligation; 
(c) 
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; 
(d) 
if "CoCo Provision" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and if, with 
respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount of not less than 
the Default Requirement, the operation of one or more CoCo Provisions results in (i) a 
permanent or temporary reduction of the amount of principal payable at redemption or 
(ii) a conversion of principal into shares or another instrument; or 
(e) 
any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in sub-paragraphs 
(a) to (d) of this definition. 
For purposes of sub-paragraph (a) of this definition, the term Obligation shall be deemed to 
include Underlying Obligations for which the relevant Reference Entity is acting as provider of 
a Guarantee. 
Grace Period means: 
(a) 
subject to sub-paragraphs (b) and (c) of this definition, the applicable grace period with 
respect to payments under and in accordance with the terms of such Obligation in effect 
as of the date as of which such Obligation is issued or incurred; 
(b) 
if "Grace Period Extension" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, a 
Potential Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date and the 
applicable grace period cannot, by its terms, expire on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity 
Date, the Grace Period shall be deemed to be the lesser of such grace period and the 
period specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if no period is specified, 30 
calendar days; and 
(c) 
if, as of the date as of which an Obligation is issued or incurred, no grace period with 
respect to payments or a grace period with respect to payments of less than three Grace 
Period Business Days is applicable under the terms of such Obligation, a Grace Period 
of three Grace Period Business Days shall be deemed to apply to such Obligation; 
provided that, unless "Grace Period Extension" is specified as being applicable in the

--- Page 602 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
574 
 
relevant Issue Terms, such deemed Grace Period shall expire no later than the Scheduled 
Maturity Date. 
Grace Period Business Day means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets are generally open to settle payments in the place or places and on the days specified 
for that purpose in the relevant Obligation or, if a place or places are not so specified, (a) if the 
Obligation Currency is the euro, a TARGET Settlement Day, or (b) otherwise, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the 
principal financial city in the jurisdiction of the Obligation Currency. 
Grace Period Extension Date means, if (a) "Grace Period Extension" is specified as being 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and (b) a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to 
the Scheduled Maturity Date, as the case may be, the date that is five Business Days following 
the day falling after the number of days in the Grace Period after the date of such Potential 
Failure to Pay. If "Grace Period Extension" is not specified as being applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, Grace Period Extension shall not apply. 
Guarantee means, for the purpose of the Credit Linked Conditions only, a Relevant Guarantee 
or a guarantee which is the Reference Obligation. 
Hedge Disruption Obligation has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 
17(c) (Election to deliver alternative amount of Deliverable Obligations / Hedge Disruption 
Obligation). 
Hellenic Reference Entity means a Reference Entity which is the Hellenic Republic and to 
which the "Additional Provisions for the Hellenic Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations", as published by ISDA on 29 May 2012, is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms. 
Implicit Portfolio Size means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes, an amount equal to (i) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount, 
divided by (ii) the Tranche Size. 
Inconvertibility Event means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the occurrence 
of any event or existence of any condition that has the effect of it being impossible, illegal or 
impracticable for, or has the effect of prohibiting, restricting or materially delaying the ability 
of, any Reference Investor (i) to convert the LA Relevant Currency into the Settlement Currency 
through customary legal channels; or (ii) to effect currency transactions on terms as favourable 
as those available to residents of the Reference Jurisdiction; or (iii) to freely and unconditionally 
transfer or repatriate any funds (in the Settlement Currency or the LA Relevant Currency) from 
accounts inside the Reference Jurisdiction to accounts outside the Reference Jurisdiction or 
between accounts inside the Reference Jurisdiction; or (iv) to receive the full value of any cash 
payment (when converted to the Settlement Currency) made under the Reference Investor 
Assets due to the introduction after the Additional Risk Event Start Date by any Governmental 
Authority of a new currency regime (including the introduction of a dual currency regime) or 
the imposition of currency exchange limitations. 
Index means, in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes, the relevant iTraxx® or CDX® index, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Index Annex means, in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes, the list of the relevant Index with the relevant Index Annex Date published 
by the Index Publisher specified in the relevant Issue Terms and which can be accessed at 
http://www.markit.com or any successor website thereto. 
Index Annex Date means, in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Index Publisher means, in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes and the related Index Annex, Markit Group Limited or any replacement 
appointed by the Index Sponsor for purposes of officially publishing the relevant Index

--- Page 603 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
575 
 
Index Sponsor means, in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes, the entity specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes means Credit Linked Notes which are specified as such 
in the Issue Terms, which are linked to a tranche of the losses and recoveries in respect of the 
component Reference Entities of the Index specified in the Issue Terms. 
Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount means, in respect of each Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes, unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
such Index Tranched Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount equal to: 
(x)  
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount; plus 
(y) 
the sum of all Index Tranched Redemption Amounts determined in respect of the 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes. 
Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes and an Affected Reference Entity on any day, an amount, calculated by the Calculation 
Agent on such day equal to the lowest of: 
(a) 
the Loss Amount in respect of such Affected Reference Entity; 
(b) 
the Aggregate Loss Amount (including the Loss Amount in respect of such Affected 
Reference Entity and such day); minus the Loss Threshold Amount (subject to a 
minimum of zero); and 
(c) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (prior to any reduction thereof in respect 
of such Affected Reference Entity and such day). 
Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes and an Affected Reference Entity on any day, an amount, calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on such day equal to the lowest of: 
(a) 
the Recovery Amount in respect of such Affected Reference Entity; 
(b) 
the Aggregate Recovery Amount (calculated taking into account the Recovery Amount 
for such Affected Reference Entity) minus the Recovery Threshold Amount (subject to 
a minimum of zero); and 
(c) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (prior to any reduction thereto in respect 
of such Affected Reference Entity and such day). 
Index Tranched Redemption Amount means, in respect of each Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Note, unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
each Index Tranched Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount; minus 
(ii) 
the Unwind Costs, if any. 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes means Credit Linked Notes which are specified as 
such in the Issue Terms, which are linked to the losses and recoveries in respect of the 
component Reference Entities of the Index specified in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 604 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
576 
 
Instrument Payments means, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, (A) in the 
case of any Insured Instrument that is in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded 
beneficial interest, (x) the specified periodic distributions in respect of interest or other return 
on the Certificate Balance on or prior to the ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance and 
(y) the ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance on or prior to a specified date and (B) in 
the case of any other Insured Instrument, the scheduled payments of principal and interest, in 
the case of both sub-paragraphs (A) and (B) hereof (1) determined without regard to limited 
recourse or reduction provisions of the type described in sub-paragraph (b)(ii) of the definition 
of "Outstanding Principal Balance" and (2) excluding sums in respect of default interest, 
indemnities, tax gross-ups, make-whole amounts, early redemption premiums and other similar 
amounts (whether or not guaranteed or insured by the Qualifying Policy). 
Insured Instrument, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, has the meaning given 
in the definition of "Qualifying Policy". 
Insured Obligor, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, has the meaning given in 
the definition of "Qualifying Policy". 
Interest Tax Deduction Amount means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes and 
a payment of interest (howsoever described) in respect of the relevant Reference Investor 
Assets, an amount equal to any and all withholding(s) or deduction(s) for or on account of any 
taxes or duties (for the avoidance of doubt, whether effective at and/or after the Trade Date) of 
whatever nature that would be imposed, levied or collected by or on behalf of any authority of 
the Reference Jurisdiction in respect of such payment to a Reference Investor. 
ISDA means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association Inc. (or any successor 
organisation thereto). 
Issue Terms means the applicable Final Terms or, where a Pricing Supplement is prepared, the 
applicable terms and conditions set out in such Pricing Supplement. 
Issuer Business Day means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
are generally open to settle payments in London, New York and Luxembourg.  
LA Cash Redemption Amount means, in respect of each Local Access Credit Linked Note, 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms, an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in the Settlement Currency equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
the product of: 
(i) 
the Applicable Proportion; and 
(ii) 
(x) the LA Recovery Amount or (y) where Fixed Recovery is applicable, the 
Fixed Recovery Percentage, 
minus each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of the Unwind Costs, if any.  
LA Cash Redemption Date means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, unless 
otherwise specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
where LA Cash Redemption is the applicable Risk Event Redemption Method, five 
Business Days following the Relevant Risk Event Determination Date; and 
(b) 
where LA Physical Redemption is the applicable Risk Event Redemption Method but 
physical redemption cannot be completed by the LA Physical Redemption Date, five 
Business Days following the LA Physical Redemption Date; and 
(c) 
where an LA Cut-Off Date has occurred, five calendar days following the LA Cut-Off 
Date.

--- Page 605 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
577 
 
LA Cut-Off Date means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the earlier of (i) the 
date on which the Calculation Agent determines that a Risk Event has not occurred; and (ii) the 
date falling 30 calendar days after the Scheduled Maturity Date or the relevant Interest Payment 
Date, as applicable. 
LA Interest Amount means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the Interest 
Amount specified in the relevant Issue Terms. For the purposes of General Condition 5 
(Interest), the LA Interest Amount shall constitute an Interest Amount. 
LA Physical Redemption Date means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 30 calendar days following the Relevant Risk 
Event Determination Date or where a LA Cut-Off Date has occurred, 30 calendar days following 
the LA Cut-Off Date. 
LA Recovery Amount means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, an amount equal 
to the highest firm bid quotation that the Calculation Agent is able to obtain on the LA Valuation 
Date from the Quotation Dealers for the sale to the Quotation Dealers of: 
(a) 
in respect of LA Physical Redemption, the relevant Undeliverable Assets; or 
(b) 
in respect of LA Cash Redemption, a nominal amount equal to the Applicable Principal 
Currency Amount of the LA Settlement Assets of the relevant Reference Entity, as such 
assets may be amended from time to time (including without limitation any securities, 
cash proceeds or other assets into which such assets shall have been exchanged or 
converted from time to time), 
in each case, in the Settlement Currency payable outside the Reference Jurisdiction, provided 
that if none of the Quotation Dealers provides such a firm quotation then the LA Recovery 
Amount shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion. The applicable LA 
Recovery Amount may be equal to zero. 
LA Relevant Currency means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the currency 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, being the lawful currency of the Reference 
Jurisdiction, or if the LA Relevant Currency ceases to be the lawful currency of the Reference 
Jurisdiction, any other lawful currency in effect in such jurisdiction. 
LA Settlement Assets means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes: 
(a) 
if Reference Assets Only Settlement is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Reference Assets; and 
(b) 
if Reference Assets Only Settlement is specified as not applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, Deliverable Obligations selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion. 
LA Valuation Date means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, any Business Day 
selected by the Calculation Agent, acting in its sole discretion: 
(a) 
if LA Cash Redemption is the applicable Risk Event Redemption Method, from (and 
including) the Relevant Risk Event Determination Date up to (and including) the LA 
Cash Redemption Date; or 
(b) 
if LA Physical Redemption is the applicable Risk Event Redemption Method, from (and 
including) the LA Physical Redemption Date to (and including) the LA Cash 
Redemption Date.  
LA Value Date means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the Scheduled Maturity 
Date, the Interest Payment Date (if applicable), the LA Cash Redemption Date or the LA Cut-
Off Date, as applicable. 
Largest Asset Package means, in respect of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package 
Observable Bond, as the case may be, the package of Assets for which the greatest amount of

--- Page 606 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
578 
 
principal has been or will be exchanged or converted (including by way of amendment), as 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to Eligible Information. If this cannot be 
determined, the Largest Asset Package will be the package of Assets with the highest 
immediately realisable value, determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
methodology, if any, determined by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan has the meaning given to that term in the 
definition of "Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date". 
Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date means: 
(a) 
in respect of the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 20(b) (Payment/Delivery Failure 
Event – failure to deliver), 17(c) (Election to deliver alternative amount of Deliverable 
Obligations / Hedge Disruption Obligation), 17(d) (Partial Cash Redemption due to 
Impossibility or Illegality), 17(h) (Alternative Procedures Relating to Loans not 
Delivered) and 17(j) (Asset Package Delivery), the date that is thirty calendar days after 
the relevant Physical Redemption Date; 
(b) 
in respect of the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 17(j)(iii) (Asset Package 
Delivery), the date the Calculation Agent determines that Cash Redemption shall be 
deemed to apply; and 
(c) 
in respect of the provisions of Credit Linked Conditions 17(e) (Partial Cash Redemption 
of Consent Required Loans), 17(f) (Partial Cash Redemption of Assignable Loans) and 
17(g) (Partial Cash Redemption of Participations), the date that is 15 Business Days 
after the Physical Redemption Date. 
LCY Reference Amount means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, an amount 
in the LA Relevant Currency equal to the nominal amount of the Reference Investor Assets, as 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Limitation Date means the first of 20 March, 20 June, 20 September or 20 December in any 
year to occur on or immediately following the date that is one of the following numbers of years 
after the Restructuring Date: 2.5 years (the 2.5-year Limitation Date), 5 years, 7.5 years, 10 
years (the 10-year Limitation Date), 12.5 years, 15 years or 20 years, as applicable. Limitation 
Dates shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day Convention. 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes means Credit Linked Notes which are specified as such 
in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of which the Issuer purchases credit protection from 
Securityholders in respect of two or more Reference Entities and pursuant to which, on each 
occasion on which a Credit Event and a Relevant Event Determination Date occurs with respect 
to any of the Reference Entities, the Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed in part in an amount 
determined by reference to the Reference Entity Notional Amount relating to such relevant 
Reference Entity in accordance with the relevant Credit Event Redemption Method. 
Linear Basket Partial Nominal Amount has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 22 (Successor Provisions). 
Loan Alternative Procedure Start Date has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 17(h) (Alternative Procedures Relating to Loans not Delivered). 
Local Access Credit Linked Notes means Credit Linked Notes which are specified as such in 
the Issue Terms, in respect of which the Issuer purchases credit protection from Securityholders 
in respect of Reference Investor Assets held by a Reference Investor in a Reference Jurisdiction. 
Local Access Partial Nominal Amount has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 22 (Successor Provisions). 
Local Access Successor Entity has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 
22 (Successor Provisions).

--- Page 607 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
579 
 
Loss Amount means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes, an amount (subject to a minimum of zero) calculated by the Calculation 
Agent on any day equal to: 
(i) 
if no M(M)R Restructuring has occurred: 
(a) 
"Auction Redemption" is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method (and 
provided that the Fallback Redemption Method does not apply), an amount equal 
to the product of: 
(I) 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount for the Affected Reference Entity 
on such day; and 
(II) 
(x) 100 per cent. minus (y) the Auction Final Price; or 
(b) 
"Cash Redemption" is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method or 
applies as the Fallback Redemption Method, an amount equal to the product of: 
(I) 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount for the Affected Reference Entity 
on such day; and 
(II) 
(x) 100 per cent. minus (y) (I) the Final Price or (II) where Fixed Recovery 
is applicable, the Fixed Recovery Percentage; or 
(ii) 
if an M(M)R Restructuring has occurred: 
(a) 
"Auction Redemption" is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method (and 
provided that the Fallback Redemption Method does not apply), an amount equal 
to the product of: 
(I) 
the Exercise Amount for the Affected Reference Entity on such day; and 
(II) 
(x) 100 per cent. minus (y) the Auction Final Price; or 
(b) 
"Cash Redemption" is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method or 
applies as the Fallback Redemption Method, an amount equal to the product of: 
(I) 
the Exercise Amount for the Affected Reference Entity on such day; and 
(II) 
(x) 100 per cent. minus (y) (I) the Final Price or (II) where Fixed Recovery 
is applicable, the Fixed Recovery Percentage. 
Loss Threshold Amount means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes, an amount equal to the product of (i) the Implicit Portfolio Size 
and (ii) the Attachment Point. 
Market Disruption Event means the occurrence of any event or existence of any condition that 
has the effect of (a) the failure or suspension of normal trading on any recognised securities, 
futures or other exchange on which the Reference Investor Assets or futures thereon are traded; 
or (b) any Reference Investor Asset becoming ineligible for clearance or settlement through the 
principal clearing system or by the relevant settlement procedure for the Reference Investor 
Assets. 
Market Value means, with respect to the relevant Valuation Obligation on a Valuation Date, 
(a) if more than three Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations, 
disregarding the Full Quotations having the highest and lowest values (and, if more than one 
such Full Quotations have the same highest value or lowest value, then one of such highest or 
lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); (b) if exactly three Full Quotations are obtained, 
the Full Quotation remaining after disregarding the highest and lowest Full Quotations (and, if 
more than one such Full Quotations have the same highest value or lowest value, then one of 
such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); (c) if exactly two Full Quotations 
are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations; (d) if fewer than two Full Quotations

--- Page 608 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
580 
 
are obtained, subject to sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of "Quotation", an amount that the 
Calculation Agent shall determine on the next Business Day on which two or more Full 
Quotations are obtained; and (f) if two or more Full Quotations are not obtained within the ten 
Business Day period set forth in sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of "Quotation" the Market 
Value shall be determined as provided in such definition of "Quotation". 
Maturity Redemption Amount means an amount being the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of: 
(i) 
in respect of Credit Linked Notes other than Local Access Credit Linked Notes, 
an amount in the Settlement Currency equal to the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the relevant Credit Linked Notes; and 
(ii) 
in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, an amount in the Settlement 
Currency equal to (x) the Settlement Currency Principal Amount or (y) the LCY 
Reference Amount divided by the FX Rate, as applicable. 
Merger Event means that at any time during the period from (and including) the Trade Date to 
(but excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date, as applicable, the 
Issuer or a Reference Entity consolidates or amalgamates with, or merges into, or transfers all 
or substantially all of its respective assets to, a Reference Entity or the Issuer, as applicable, or 
the Issuer and a Reference Entity become Affiliates. 
Merger Redemption Amount means, in respect of each Credit Linked Note: 
(a) 
such Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount (subject to a minimum of zero) 
equal to (i) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes 
minus (ii) the Unwind Costs, if any; or 
(b) 
the Early Redemption Amount, 
as specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
M(M)R Restructuring means a Restructuring Credit Event in respect of which either "Mod R" 
or "Mod Mod R" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Modified Eligible Transferee means any bank, financial institution or other entity which is 
regularly engaged in or established for the purpose of making, purchasing or investing in loans, 
notes and other financial assets. 
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date means, with respect to a Deliverable 
Obligation, the Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Scheduled Maturity 
Date. 
Subject to the foregoing, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is later than the 10-year Limitation 
Date, the Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
Monoline Insurer Reference Entity means a Reference Entity to which the "Additional 
Provisions for Monoline Insurer Reference Entities", as published by ISDA on 15 September 
2014, is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Movement Option means, with respect to an M(M)R Restructuring to which a No Auction 
Announcement Date has occurred pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) or (c)(ii) of the definition of 
"No Auction Announcement Date", the option of the Calculation Agent to apply the Parallel 
Auction Settlement Terms, if any, so that the Credit Linked Notes may be redeemed by way of 
Auction Redemption (for which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account (a) the 
terms of the relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, the Permissible Deliverable 
Obligations thereunder, the Deliverable Obligation Provisions related to the Credit Linked 
Notes and (b) any Hedging Position that the Issuer has or may enter into in connection with the

--- Page 609 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
581 
 
Credit Linked Notes) for the purposes of which the Permissible Deliverable Obligations are 
more limited than the Deliverable Obligations that the Issuer or the Calculation Agent could 
specify in any Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice (provided that if 
more than one such set of Parallel Auction Settlement Terms are published, the Parallel Auction 
Settlement Terms specifying the greatest number of such Permissible Deliverable Obligations 
shall apply). If the Calculation Agent does not deliver an effective Notice to Exercise Movement 
Option to the Issuer on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date, the Credit Linked Notes 
will be redeemed in accordance with the Fallback Redemption Method. 
Movement Option Cut-off Date the date that is one Relevant City Business Day following the 
Standard Exercise Cut-off Date or Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date applicable to a buyer of 
credit protection where the DC Secretary publishes a Final List applicable to the Applicable 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and/or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, or such other 
date as the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved (and where any 
public statement is issued by the DC Secretary relating to the appropriate cut-off date, the 
Calculation Agent shall interpret such timing requirements from the perspective of a buyer of 
protection). 
Multiple Holder Obligation has the meaning given to it in Credit Linked Condition 23(d) 
(Multiple Holder Obligation). 
Next Currency Fixing Time means 4.00 p.m. (London time) on a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments and which 
immediately follows the date on which the Notice of Physical Settlement or relevant NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, is effective. 
No Auction Announcement Date means, with respect to a Credit Event, the date as determined 
by the Calculation Agent on which the DC Secretary first publicly announces that (a) no 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and, if applicable, no Parallel Auction Settlement Terms 
will be published, (b) following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring, no Transaction 
Auction Settlement Terms will be published, but Parallel Auction Settlement Terms will be 
published, or (c) the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that 
no Auction will be held following a prior public announcement by the DC Secretary to the 
contrary, in circumstances where either (i) no Parallel Auction will be held, or (ii) one or more 
Parallel Auctions will be held. For the avoidance of doubt, a No Auction Announcement Date 
will not occur solely by reason of the Credit Linked Notes not being covered by any Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
Non-Conforming Reference Obligation means a Reference Obligation which is not a 
Conforming Reference Obligation. 
Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation means an Obligation which would be a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of 
"Deliverable Obligation" on the Substitution Date but for one or more of the same reasons which 
resulted in the Reference Obligation constituting a Non-Conforming Reference Obligation on 
the date it was issued or incurred and/or immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date, as 
applicable. 
Non-Financial Instrument means any Asset which is not of the type typically traded in, or 
suitable for being traded in, financial markets. 
Non-Standard Event Determination Date means, with respect to a Relevant Credit Event and 
a Series to which paragraph (a) of "Standard Event Determination Date" does not apply: 
(a) 
subject to sub-paragraph (b) of this definition, the Notice Delivery Date, if the Notice 
Delivery Date occurs during either the Notice Delivery Period or the Post Dismissal 
Additional Period, provided that neither (i) a DC Credit Event Announcement has 
occurred nor (ii) a DC No Credit Event Announcement has occurred, in each case, with 
respect to the Credit Event specified in the Credit Event Notice; or

--- Page 610 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
582 
 
(b) 
notwithstanding sub-paragraph (a) of this definition, if a DC Credit Event Announcement 
has occurred and the Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred on or prior to 
the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date) either: 
(i) 
the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, if either: 
(A) 
"Single Notifying Party Event Determination Date" is not specified as 
applicable and Auction Redemption is not specified as the applicable 
Credit Event Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms; (II) the 
relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; and (III) the Trade 
Date occurs on or prior to the date of the DC Credit Event Announcement; 
or 
(B) 
either: 
(I) 
 
(1) 
"Single Notifying Party Event Determination Date" is 
specified as applicable and Auction Redemption is specified 
as the applicable Credit Event Redemption Method in the 
relevant Issue Terms; or 
(2) 
"Single Notifying Party Event Determination Date" is not 
specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and the 
relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(II) 
a Credit Event Notice is delivered by the Calculation Agent to the 
Issuer for onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and Securityholders 
and is effective on or prior to the Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off 
Date, or 
(ii) 
the first date on which a Credit Event Notice is delivered by the Calculation Agent 
to the Issuer for onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and Securityholders and is 
effective during either the Notice Delivery Period or the period from, and 
including, the date of the DC Credit Event Announcement to, and including, the 
date that is 14 calendar days thereafter (provided, in each case, that the relevant 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurred on or prior to the end of the last 
day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date)), if either: 
(A) 
 
(I) 
"Single Notifying Party Event Determination Date" is not specified 
as applicable and Auction Redemption is not specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms; 
(II) 
the relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(III) 
the Trade Date occurs following the date of the related DC Credit 
Event Announcement on or prior to a DC Announcement Coverage 
Cut-off Date; or 
(B) 
 
(I) 
"Single Notifying Party Event Determination Date" is specified as 
applicable and the Trade Date occurs and 
(II) 
either: 
(1) 
Auction Redemption is not specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms; or

--- Page 611 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
583 
 
(2) 
Auction Redemption is specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms and a 
Credit Event Notice is delivered by the Issuer to the Fiscal 
Agent and is effective on a date that is later than the relevant 
Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date. 
provided that: 
(1) 
no Physical Redemption Date or full redemption of the 
Credit Linked Notes has occurred on or prior to the date on 
which the Applicable DC Credit Event Meeting 
Announcement occurs; 
(2) 
if any Valuation Date or Delivery Date in respect of the 
relevant Reference Entity has occurred on or prior to the 
date on which the Applicable DC Credit Event Meeting 
Announcement 
occurs, 
a 
Non-Standard 
Event 
Determination Date shall be deemed to have occurred only, 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes or Local 
Access Credit Linked Notes with respect to the portion of 
the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the relevant 
Credit Linked Notes or, if the Credit Linked Notes are 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the Reference 
Entity Notional Amount of the relevant Reference Entity to 
which the Event Determination Date relates, if any, with 
respect to which no Valuation Date or Delivery Date, as 
applicable, has occurred; and 
(3) 
no Credit Event Notice specifying an M(M)R Restructuring 
as the only Credit Event has previously been delivered by 
the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, (aa) unless the M(M)R 
Restructuring specified in such Credit Event Notice is also 
the subject of the Applicable DC Credit Event Question 
resulting in the occurrence of the Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date, (bb) unless, and to the extent that, if the Credit 
Linked Notes are Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-
to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes or Local Access 
Credit Linked Notes, the Exercise Amount specified in any 
such Credit Event Notice was less than the Original 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the relevant Credit Linked 
Notes or, if the Credit Linked Notes are Linear Basket 
Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the Exercise Amount 
specified in any such Credit Event Notice was less than the 
Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Affected 
Reference Entity or (cc) unless a representative credit 
derivative transaction economically equivalent to the Credit 
Linked Notes in unfunded format referencing the same 
Affected Reference Entity and (x) having identical 
deliverable obligation terms to one set of the Deliverable 
Obligation Terms of the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms and to the Deliverable Obligation 
Provisions of the Credit Linked Notes; (y) in the case of 
M(M)R Restructuring,  having a scheduled termination date 
which falls within  the designated scheduled termination 
dates for the Applicable Auction and having similar tenor to 
the Credit Linked Notes (in each case,  assuming "Auction

--- Page 612 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
584 
 
Redemption" and a deemed occurrence of an Event 
Determination Date)would be a covered transaction for the 
purpose of the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms and the deliverable obligations set out on 
the Final List are identical to the Deliverable Obligation 
Provisions applicable for such Series. 
Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date means, with respect to a Relevant Credit Event and a 
Series to which sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of "Standard Event Determination Date" 
does not apply: 
(a) 
if such Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring, either: 
(i) 
the Relevant City Business Day prior to the Auction Final Price Determination 
Date, if any; 
(ii) 
the Relevant City Business Day prior to the Auction Cancellation Date, if any; or 
(iii) 
the date that is 14 calendar days following the No Auction Announcement Date, 
if any, as applicable; or 
(b) 
if such Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring and: 
(i) 
the DC Secretary publishes a Final List applicable to the Applicable Transaction 
Auction Settlement Terms and/or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, the date that 
is five Relevant City Business Days following the date on which such Final List 
is published; or 
(ii) 
otherwise, the date that is 14 calendar days following the relevant No Auction 
Announcement Date. 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation means each Original Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation or if a Substitute Reference Obligation has been determined in respect of any such 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation, the Substitute Reference Obligation. 
Non-Transferable Instrument means any Asset which is not capable of being transferred to 
institutional investors, excluding due to market conditions. 
NOPS Amendment Notice has the meaning given to it in the definition of "Notice of Physical 
Settlement". 
Notes Extension Date means: 
(a) 
in respect of Credit Linked Notes other than Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the 
last day on which any Relevant Event Determination Date could occur, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent (taking into consideration the latest of (a) the 
last day of any "Notice Delivery Period"; (b) the last Credit Event Resolution Request 
Date which could occur up to the last day of any Notice Delivery Period; (c) the last 
Relevant Event Determination Date which could occur 14 calendar days after a DC 
Credit Event Announcement; (d) the last day of any Post Dismissal Additional Period; 
and (e) the last Standard Exercise Cut-Off Date or Non-Standard Exercise Cut-Off 
Date, as applicable); and 
(b) 
in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the LA Cut-Off Date. 
Notice-determined EDD has the meaning given in Credit Linked Condition 12(b) (Ordering 
of Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date following multiple Credit 
Events or Risk Events). 
Notice Delivery Date means the first date on which both an effective Credit Event Notice and, 
unless "Notice of Publicly Available Information" is specified as not applicable in relevant Issue

--- Page 613 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
585 
 
Terms, an effective Notice of Publicly Available Information, has been delivered by the Issuer 
to the Fiscal Agent. 
Notice Delivery Period means the period from and including the Trade Date to and including 
the date that is 14 calendar days after the Extension Date. 
Notice to Exercise Movement Option with respect to a Series where (a) an M(M)R 
Restructuring is applicable and (b) the Fallback Redemption Method would otherwise be 
applicable pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 15(a)(i) (Fallback Redemption), a notice from 
the Calculation Agent to the Issuer that (i) specifies the Parallel Auction Settlement Terms 
which shall be applicable in accordance with the exercise of the Movement Option and (ii) is 
dated on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date. 
Notice of Physical Settlement means a notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer for 
onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and Securityholders that (a) confirms that the Issuer intends 
to redeem the Credit Linked Notes (unless the relevant Issue Terms provide for multiple 
Deliveries) and requires performance in accordance with the provisions of Credit Linked 
Condition 17 (Physical Redemption Terms), (b) specifies (i) the proposed Delivery Date, (ii) if 
applicable, the Unwind Costs and (iii) if applicable, the Delivery Expenses and/or Interest 
Suspension Shortfall Amount, (c) contains a detailed description of each Deliverable Obligation 
that the Issuer will, subject to Credit Linked Condition 17 (Physical Redemption Terms), Deliver 
to Securityholders (in aggregate) and, if available and applicable, the CUSIP or ISIN number 
(or, if such identifying number is not available, the rate and tenor) of each such Deliverable 
Obligation and (d) specifies the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as 
applicable, or the equivalent amount in the Settlement Currency (in each case, the Outstanding 
Amount) and, if different, the face amount, of each such Deliverable Obligation and the 
aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement that the Issuer intends to Deliver to the Securityholders (the Aggregate Outstanding 
Amount). The Calculation Agent may, from time to time, give notice to the Issuer for onward 
delivery to the Fiscal Agent and the Securityholders, in the manner specified above (each such 
notification, a NOPS Amendment Notice) that the Issuer is replacing, in whole or in part, one 
or more Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or a prior NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, (to the extent the relevant Deliverable Obligation has not 
been Delivered as of the date such NOPS Amendment Notice is effective). A NOPS Amendment 
Notice shall contain a revised detailed description of each replacement Deliverable Obligation 
that the Issuer will Deliver to Securityholders (each, a Replacement Deliverable Obligation) 
and shall also specify the Outstanding Amount of each Deliverable Obligation identified in the 
Notice of Physical Settlement or a prior NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, that is being 
replaced (with respect to each such Deliverable Obligation, the Replaced Deliverable 
Obligation Outstanding Amount). The Outstanding Amount of each Replacement Deliverable 
Obligation identified in a NOPS Amendment Notice shall be determined by applying the 
Revised Currency Rate to the relevant Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount. 
The Outstanding Amount of the Replacement Deliverable Obligations specified in any NOPS 
Amendment Notice in aggregate with the Outstanding Amount of the Deliverable Obligations 
specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any earlier NOPS Amendment Notice which, 
in each case, are not being replaced must not be greater than the Aggregate Outstanding Amount. 
Each such NOPS Amendment Notice must be effective on or prior to the Physical Redemption 
Date (determined without reference to any change resulting from such NOPS Amendment 
Notice). Notwithstanding the foregoing, (x) the Issuer or the Calculation Agent may correct any 
errors or inconsistencies in the detailed description of each Deliverable Obligation contained in 
the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, by notice to 
the Fiscal Agent prior to the relevant Delivery Date and (y) if Asset Package Delivery is 
applicable, the Calculation Agent shall on or prior to the Delivery Date, notify the Issuer for 
onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and the Securityholders of the description of the Asset 
Package, if any, that the Issuer would Deliver to the Securityholders in lieu of the Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, if any, specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable; it being understood in each case that 
such notice shall not constitute a NOPS Amendment Notice. 
Notice of Publicly Available Information means an irrevocable notice from the Issuer to the 
Fiscal Agent that cites Publicly Available Information confirming the occurrence of the Credit

--- Page 614 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
586 
 
Event or Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as applicable, described in the Credit Event Notice 
or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice. The notice given must contain a copy, or a 
description in reasonable detail, of the relevant Publicly Available Information. If "Notice of 
Publicly Available Information" is specified as being applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and 
the Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice contains Publicly 
Available Information, such Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice 
will also be deemed to be a Notice of Publicly Available Information. 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes means Credit Linked Notes which are specified 
as such in the relevant Issue Terms, in respect of which the Issuer purchases credit protection 
from Securityholders in respect of two or more Reference Entities and pursuant to which, upon 
the occurrence of a Credit Event and a Relevant Event Determination Date with respect to the 
nth Reference Entity, the Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed in accordance with the relevant 
Credit Event Redemption Method, where "n" shall be the number specified in such Issue Terms. 
If an Event Determination Date with respect to a relevant Reference Entity increases the 
Aggregate Default Count from an amount less than n to an amount equal to an amount equal or 
greater than n, such Reference Entity shall be the nth Reference Entity. 
Nth-to-Default Partial Nominal Amount has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 22 (Successor Provisions). 
Obligation means (a) any obligation of the relevant Reference Entity (either directly or as 
provider of a Relevant Guarantee (or in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a 
Qualifying Policy)), determined pursuant to the method described in "Method for Determining 
Obligations" below; and (b) the Reference Obligation, in each case, unless it is an Excluded 
Obligation. 
Method for Determining Obligations: 
For the purposes of sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of "Obligation" above, an Obligation is 
each obligation of the relevant Reference Entity described by the Obligation Category specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms and having each of the Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms, in each case, immediately prior, the Credit Event which is the 
subject of either the Credit Event Notice or the Applicable DC Credit Event Question resulting 
in the occurrence of the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, as applicable. The following 
terms shall have the following meanings: 
(I) 
Obligation Category means Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference Obligation Only, 
Bond, Loan, or Bond or Loan, only one of which shall be specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, and: 
(II) 
Bond means any obligation of a type included in the "Borrowed Money" Obligation 
Category that is in the form of, or represented by, a bond, note (other than notes delivered 
pursuant to Loans), certificated debt notes or other debt notes and shall not include any 
other type of Borrowed Money; 
(III) 
Bond or Loan means any obligation that is either a Bond or a Loan; 
(IV) 
Borrowed Money means any obligation (excluding an obligation under a revolving 
credit arrangement for which there are no outstanding, unpaid drawings in respect of 
principal) for the payment or repayment of borrowed money (which term shall include, 
without limitation, deposits and reimbursement obligations arising from drawings 
pursuant to letters of credit); 
(V) 
Loan means any obligation of a type included in the "Borrowed Money" Obligation 
Category that is documented by a term loan agreement, revolving loan agreement or 
other similar credit agreement and shall not include any other type of Borrowed Money; 
(VI) 
Payment means any obligation (whether present or future, contingent or otherwise) for 
the payment or repayment of money, including, without limitation, Borrowed Money; 
and

--- Page 615 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
587 
 
(VII) Reference Obligation Only means any obligation that is a Reference Obligation and no 
Obligation Characteristics shall be applicable to Reference Obligation Only. 
(VIII) Obligation Characteristics means any one or more of Not Subordinated, Specified 
Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed 
and Not Domestic Issuance, and: 
(i) 
(A) 
Not Subordinated means an obligation that is not Subordinated to (I) the 
Reference Obligation or (II) the "Prior Reference Obligation" if 
applicable; 
(B) 
Subordination means, with respect to an obligation (the Second 
Obligation) and another obligation of the relevant Reference Entity to 
which such obligation is being compared (the First Obligation), a 
contractual, trust or similar arrangement providing that (I) upon the 
liquidation, dissolution, reorganisation or winding up of the relevant 
Reference Entity, claims of the holders of the First Obligation are required 
to be satisfied prior to the claims of the holders of the Second Obligation 
or (II) the holders of the Second Obligation will not be entitled to receive 
or retain principal payments in respect of their claims against the relevant 
Reference Entity at any time that the relevant Reference Entity is in 
payment arrears or is otherwise in default under the First Obligation. 
"Subordinated" will be construed accordingly. For the purposes of 
determining whether Subordination exists or whether an obligation is 
Subordinated with respect to another obligation to which it is being 
compared, (1) the existence of preferred creditors arising by operation of 
law or of collateral, credit support or other credit enhancement or security 
arrangements shall not be taken into account, except that, notwithstanding 
the foregoing, priorities arising by operation of law shall be taken into 
account where the relevant Reference Entity is a Sovereign and (2) in the 
case of the Reference Obligation or the Prior Reference Obligation, as 
applicable, the ranking in priority of payment shall be determined as of the 
date as of which it was issued or incurred (or in circumstances where the 
Reference Obligation or a Prior Reference Obligation is the Standard 
Reference Obligation and "Standard Reference Obligation" is applicable, 
then the priority of payment of the Reference Obligation or the Prior 
Reference Obligation, as applicable, shall be determined as of the date of 
selection) and, in each case, shall not reflect any change to such ranking 
in priority of payment after such date and further provided that, in respect 
of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, such definition shall be applied in the 
assessment of any Obligation without regard to how the Obligation is 
described by the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, including any 
characterisation of the Obligation as senior or unsubordinated by the laws 
of any relevant jurisdiction; and 
(C) 
Prior Reference Obligation means, in circumstances where there is no 
Reference Obligation applicable to a Series, (I) the Reference Obligation 
most recently applicable thereto, if any, and otherwise, (II) the obligation 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the Reference Obligation, if any, 
if such Reference Obligation was redeemed on or prior to the Trade Date 
and otherwise, (III) any unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of 
the Reference Entity; 
(ii) 
Specified Currency means an obligation that is payable in the currency or 
currencies specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms (or, if "Specified 
Currency" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms and no currency is so specified, 
any Standard Specified Currency), provided that if the euro is a Specified 
Currency, "Specified Currency" shall also include an obligation that was 
previously payable in the euro, regardless of any redenomination thereafter if such

--- Page 616 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
588 
 
redenomination occurred as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority 
of a Member State of the European Union which is of general application in the 
jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority; 
(iii) 
Not Sovereign Lender means any obligation that is not primarily owed to (A) a 
Sovereign or (B) any entity or organisation established by treaty or other 
arrangement between two or more Sovereigns including, without limiting the 
foregoing, the International Monetary Fund, European Central Bank, 
International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and European Bank for 
Reconstruction and Development, which shall include, without limitation, 
obligations generally referred to as "Paris Club debt"; 
(iv) 
Not Domestic Currency means any obligation that is payable in any currency 
other than the applicable Domestic Currency, provided that a Standard Specified 
Currency shall not constitute a Domestic Currency; 
(v) 
Not Domestic Law means any obligation that is not governed by the applicable 
Domestic Law, provided that the laws of England and the laws of the State of 
New York shall not constitute Domestic Law; 
(vi) 
Listed means an obligation that is quoted, listed or ordinarily purchased and sold 
on an exchange; and 
(vii) 
Not Domestic Issuance means any obligation other than an obligation that was 
issued (or reissued, as the case may be) or intended to be offered for sale primarily 
in the domestic market of the relevant Reference Entity. Any obligation that is 
registered or, as a result of some other action having been taken for such purpose, 
is qualified for sale outside the domestic market of the relevant Reference Entity 
(regardless of whether such obligation is also registered or qualified for sale 
within the domestic market of the relevant Reference Entity) shall be deemed not 
to be issued (or reissued as the case may be) or intended to be offered for sale 
primarily in the domestic market of the relevant Reference Entity. 
Notwithstanding the definition of "Obligation" above: 
(a) 
in respect of a Hellenic Reference Entity, any obligation that is "Borrowed Money" that 
was issued or incurred, as the case may be, on or prior to 1 February 2012; 
(b) 
in respect of an Ecuador Reference Entity, any obligation that is a "Bond" that was issued 
on or prior to 31 December 2009; or 
(c) 
in respect of a Ukraine Reference Entity, any obligation that is a "Bond" that was issued 
on or prior to 1 November 2015, 
shall, in each case, be an "Excluded Obligation". 
Obligation Acceleration means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less 
than the Default Requirement have become due and payable before they would otherwise have 
been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of 
default or other similar condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make any 
required payment, in respect of the relevant Reference Entity under one or more Obligations. 
Obligation Currency means the currency or currencies in which an Obligation is denominated. 
Obligation Default means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the 
Default Requirement have become capable of being declared due and payable before they would 
otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, 
event of default or other similar condition or event (however described), other than a failure to 
make any required payment, in respect of the relevant Reference Entity under one or more 
Obligations.

--- Page 617 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
589 
 
Original Aggregate Nominal Amount means, on the Issue Date, the original aggregate 
nominal amount of the Credit Linked Notes of such Series specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
(which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall in the case of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes be 
calculated, disregarding the effect of a reduction to reflect any Settled Entity Incurred Loss 
Amount and/or Settled Entity Incurred Recovery Amount which is determined to exist on the 
Issue Date). 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation means each obligation of the relevant 
Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Guarantee) or in respect of a Monoline 
Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy which is specified as a Reference Obligation in 
the relevant Issue Terms (if any is so specified). 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount means, on any day: 
(a) 
in respect of Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked 
Notes, Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes and 
Local Access Credit Linked Notes, an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount; minus 
(ii) 
the aggregate of all Applicable Proportions in respect of such Credit Linked 
Notes relating to previous Relevant Credit Events or Relevant Risk Events, as 
applicable; 
(b) 
in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes an amount equal to:  
(i) 
the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount; minus 
(ii) 
the sum of the Settled Entity Incurred Recovery Amount and the Settled Entity 
Incurred Loss Amount (in each case, if any) as determined on the Issue Date; 
minus 
(iii) 
the aggregate of all Principal Writedown Amounts determined on or prior to 
such date; and 
(c) 
in respect of Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount; minus 
(ii) 
the aggregate of all Principal Writedown Amounts determined on or prior to 
such date, 
in each case, taking into account (without double counting) any partial redemptions, 
amortisations, cancellations or further issues of the Credit Linked Notes of such Series on or 
prior to such date. 
Outstanding Amount has the meaning given to that term in the definition of "Notice of 
Physical Settlement". 
The "Outstanding Principal Balance" of an obligation will be calculated as follows: 
(a) 
first, by determining, in respect of the obligation, the amount of the relevant Reference 
Entity's principal payment obligations and, where applicable in accordance with the 
definition of "Accrued Interest", the relevant Reference Entity's accrued but unpaid 
interest payment obligations (which, in the case of a Guarantee (or in respect of a 
Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy)) will be the lower of (i) the 
Outstanding Principal Balance (including accrued but unpaid interest, where applicable) 
of the Underlying Obligation (or Insured Instrument, as applicable) (determined as if 
references to the relevant Reference Entity were references to the Underlying Obligor 
(or Insured Obligor, as applicable)) and (ii) the amount of the Fixed Cap, if any);

--- Page 618 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
590 
 
(b) 
second, by subtracting (I) the Delivery Expenses and Interest Suspension Shortfall 
Amount (in each case, if any); plus (II) all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant 
to the terms of the obligation, (i) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (ii) may otherwise 
be reduced as a result of the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an 
event or circumstance (other than by way of (A) payment or (B) a Permitted 
Contingency) (the amount determined in sub-paragraph (a) above of the definition of 
Outstanding Principal Balance less any amounts subtracted in accordance with this sub-
paragraph (b), the Non-Contingent Amount) (provided that, in respect of a Monoline 
Insurer Reference Entity, any provisions of an Insured Instrument limiting recourse in 
respect of such Insured Instrument to the proceeds of specified assets (including proceeds 
subject to a priority of payments) or reducing the amount of any Instrument Payments 
owing under such Insured Instrument, shall be disregarded for the purposes of this sub-
paragraph (b) provided that such provisions are not applicable to the Qualifying Policy 
by the terms thereof and the Qualifying Policy continues to guarantee or insure, as 
applicable, the Instrument Payments that would have been required to be made absent 
any such limitation or reduction); and 
(c) 
third, by determining the Quantum of the Claim, which shall then constitute the 
Outstanding Principal Balance, 
in each case, determined: 
(A) 
unless otherwise specified, in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect on (I) 
the Delivery Date, or (II) the Valuation Date, as applicable; and 
(B) 
with respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance with any applicable laws 
(insofar as such laws reduce or discount the size of the claim to reflect the original issue 
price or accrued value of the obligation). 
For the purpose of this definition of "Outstanding Principal Balance": 
(i) 
applicable laws shall include any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other law affecting 
creditors' rights to which the relevant obligation is, or may become, subject;  
(ii) 
Quantum of the Claim means the lowest amount of the claim which could be validly 
asserted against the relevant Reference Entity in respect of the Non-Contingent Amount 
if the obligation had become redeemable, been accelerated, terminated or had otherwise 
become due and payable at the time of the relevant determination, provided that the 
Quantum of the Claim cannot exceed the Non-Contingent Amount; and 
(iii) 
if "Fallback Discounting" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
notwithstanding the above, if (x) the Outstanding Principal Balance of an obligation is 
not reduced or discounted under sub-paragraph (c)(B) above, (ii) that obligation is either 
a Bond that has an issue price less than 95 per cent. of the principal redemption amount 
or a Loan where the amount advanced is less than 95 per cent. of the principal repayment 
amount and, (iii) such Bond or Loan does not include provisions relating to the accretion 
over time of the amount which would be payable on an early redemption or repayment 
of such Bond or Loan that are customary for the applicable type of Bond or Loan as the 
case may be, then the Outstanding Principal Balance of such Bond or Loan shall be the 
lesser of (I) the Non-Contingent Amount; and (II) an amount determined by straight line 
interpolation between the issue price of the Bond or the amount advanced under the Loan 
and the principal redemption amount or principal repayment amount, as applicable. 
For the purposes of determining whether the issue price of a Bond or the amount 
advanced under a Loan is less than 95 per cent. of the principal redemption amount or 
principal repayment amount (as applicable) or, where applicable, for applying straight 
line interpolation: 
(x)  
where such Bond or Loan was issued as a result of an exchange offer, the issue 
price or amount advanced of the new Bond or Loan resulting from the exchange 
shall be deemed to be equal to the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the

--- Page 619 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
591 
 
original obligation(s) that were tendered or exchanged (the Original 
Obligation(s)) at the time of such exchange (determined without regard to market 
or trading value of the Original Obligation(s)); and 
(y)  
in the case of a Bond or Loan that is fungible with a prior debt obligation 
previously issued by the relevant Reference Entity, such Bond or Loan shall be 
treated as having the same issue price or amount advanced as the prior debt 
obligation. 
In circumstances where a holder would have received more than one obligation in 
exchange for the Original Obligation(s), the Calculation Agent will determine the 
allocation of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Original Obligation(s) 
amongst each of the resulting obligations for the purpose of determining the issue price 
or amount advanced of the relevant Bond or Loan. Such allocation will take into account 
the interest rate, maturity, level of subordination and other terms of the obligations that 
resulted from the exchange and shall be made by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the methodology (if any) determined by the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee.  
In respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, any provisions of an Insured Instrument 
limiting recourse in respect of such Insured Instrument to the proceeds of specified assets 
(including proceeds subject to a priority of payments) or reducing the amount of any Instrument 
Payments owing under such Insured Instrument, shall be disregarded for the purposes of sub-
paragraph (b)(B) above, provided that such provisions are not applicable to the Qualifying 
Policy by the terms thereof and the Qualifying Policy continues to guarantee or insure, as 
applicable, the Instrument Payments that would have been required to be made absent any such 
limitation or reduction. 
Ownership Restriction Event means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the 
occurrence of any event or the existence of any condition that has the effect of it being illegal, 
impossible or impracticable for, or has the effect of prohibiting, restricting or materially 
delaying the ability of, any Reference Investor to purchase, hold, receive, sell, freely transfer or 
remain the owner of any Reference Investor Asset or any amount received in respect thereof. 
Package Observable Bond means, in respect of a relevant Reference Entity which is a 
Sovereign, any obligation (a) which is identified as such and published by ISDA on its website 
at www.isda.org from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party 
designated by ISDA on its website from time to time and (b) which fell within the definition of 
Deliverable Obligation set out in sub-paragraph (a) or (b) of the definition of Deliverable 
Obligation, in each case, immediately preceding the date on which the relevant Asset Package 
Credit Event was legally effective. 
Parallel Auction means the "Auction" which is the subject of the relevant Parallel Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
Parallel Auction Cancellation Date means the "Auction Cancellation Date" in respect of the 
relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
Parallel Auction Settlement Terms means, following the occurrence of an "M(M)R 
Restructuring", any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA with 
respect to such an M(M)R Restructuring if the Calculation Agent determines in its discretion, 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner, that the relevant Deliverable Obligation Terms are 
the same as the Deliverable Obligation Provisions applicable to the relevant Credit Linked Notes 
and for which a representative credit derivative transaction economically equivalent to the 
Credit Linked Notes in unfunded format referencing the same Affected Reference Entity 
(assuming Auction Redemption and the deemed occurrence of an "Event Determination Date") 
which has identical deliverable obligation terms to the Deliverable Obligation Provisions of the 
Credit Linked Notes and Deliverable Obligation Terms of the relevant auction settlement terms 
under consideration but would not be a covered transaction (due to the range of designated 
scheduled termination dates for the relevant auction settlement terms under consideration or 
otherwise)  for the purpose of the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms.

--- Page 620 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
592 
 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event means, in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent 
in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, that: 
(a) 
it is impossible, impracticable or illegal for the Issuer to pay (due to an event beyond the 
control of the Issuer including, without limitation, a failure by the Securityholder to 
provide account details of its designee), or for a Securityholder to accept payment of (due 
to an event beyond the control of such Securityholder), any cash amount (including, 
without limitation, any portion of the relevant Credit Event Redemption Amount, in 
respect of the Credit Linked Notes) required to be paid by the Issuer on the date intended 
for such payment and such event preventing the payment or acceptance is not cured by 
the affected party; or  
(b) 
the relevant definitive Credit Linked Notes (where applicable) and/or the Deliverable 
Obligation Notice are not delivered in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 17(a) 
(Delivery of Physical Redemption Assets) or any intended recipient has failed to duly 
execute, deliver and/or accept a transfer certificate or other transfer document on or 
before any Delivery Date and/or specify a date for transfer of the relevant Deliverable 
Obligation that is on or before any Delivery Date, in each case in accordance with the 
terms of the relevant Deliverable Obligation. 
Payment Failure Cut-Off Date has the meaning given to it in Credit Linked Condition 20 
(Payment/Delivery Failure Event). 
Payment Requirement means the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency (or, if no such amount is specified, USD 
1,000,000 or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency) in either case as of the 
occurrence of the relevant Failure to Pay or Potential Failure to Pay, as appropriate. 
Permissible Deliverable Obligation has the meaning set out in the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms, being either all or the portion of the deliverable obligations included 
on the Final List pursuant to the Deliverable Obligation Terms that are applicable to that 
Auction. 
Permitted Contingency means, with respect to an obligation, any reduction to the relevant 
Reference Entity's payment obligations: 
(a) 
as a result of the application of: 
(i) 
any provisions allowing a transfer, pursuant to which another party may assume 
all of the payment obligations of the relevant Reference Entity; 
(ii) 
provisions implementing the Subordination of the obligation; 
(iii) 
provisions allowing for a Permitted Transfer in the case of a Qualifying Guarantee 
(or provisions allowing for the release of the relevant Reference Entity from its 
payment obligations in the case of any other Guarantee); 
(iv) 
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms; or 
(v) 
provisions which permit the relevant Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, 
discharged, released or suspended in circumstances which would constitute a 
Governmental Intervention, if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms; or 
(b) 
which is within the control of the holders of the obligation or a third party acting on their 
behalf (such as an agent or trustee) in exercising their rights under or in respect of such 
obligation. 
Permitted Transfer means, with respect to a Qualifying Guarantee, a transfer to and the 
assumption by any single transferee of such Qualifying Guarantee (including by way of 
cancellation and execution of a new Guarantee) on the same or substantially the same terms, in

--- Page 621 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
593 
 
circumstances where there is also a transfer of all (or substantially all) of the assets of the 
relevant Reference Entity to the same single transferee. 
Physical Redemption Assets means, in respect of Credit Linked Notes for which pursuant to 
Credit Linked Condition 17 (Physical Redemption Terms) the Physical Redemption Terms are 
applicable, subject to Credit Linked Condition 21 (Effect of DC Resolutions), such Deliverable 
Obligations as may be selected by the Issuer with: (a) an Outstanding Principal Balance (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable 
manner, on the date of the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable), in respect of Deliverable Obligations that are Borrowed Money Obligations or (b) 
a Due and Payable Amount, in respect of Deliverable Obligations that are not Borrowed Money 
Obligations (or in either case, the equivalent Currency Amount thereof), with an Outstanding 
Principal Balance equal to the Applicable Proportion or the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Credit Linked Notes (as determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner, on the date of the Notice of Physical Settlement 
or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable). If the amount of the Physical Redemption 
Assets is less than zero, no Deliverable Obligations will be required to be Delivered and the 
amount of the Physical Redemption Assets will be deemed to be zero. If an Asset Package Credit 
Event has occurred and a Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond which 
would otherwise have been included in the Physical Redemption Assets has been converted into 
an Asset Package, then references in this definition of "Physical Redemption Assets" to 
"Deliverable Obligations" shall be references to the resulting Asset Package and the Asset 
Package shall be treated as having the same currency and Outstanding Principal Balance as the 
relevant Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond. The Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the Deliverable Obligations being Delivered will exclude accrued but unpaid 
interest, unless "Include Accrued Interest" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, in which 
case, the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Deliverable Obligations being Delivered will 
include accrued but unpaid interest (as the Calculation Agent shall determine).  
Physical Redemption Date means the last day of the longest Physical Settlement Period 
following the date of effective delivery of the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable. If all Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable are Delivered on or before 
that Physical Redemption Date, the date that the Issuer completes Delivery of such Deliverable 
Obligations shall be the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
Physical Settlement Matrix means the "Credit Derivatives Physical Settlement Matrix" as 
most recently amended or supplemented as at the Trade Date or, in respect of Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the Effective Date, as applicable 
(unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms) and as published by ISDA on its website 
at www.isda.org (or any successor website). The Physical Settlement Matrix may be applicable 
to any Series of Credit Linked Notes (notwithstanding that the Credit Event Redemption Method 
for such Notes may not be Physical Redemption) where "Physical Settlement Matrix Standard 
Terms" are specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and one or more Transaction 
Type(s) are specified as applying to the relevant Reference Entity(ies) of such Series of Credit 
Linked Notes. 
Physical Settlement Period means, subject to the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 21(d) 
(Redemption Suspension), the number of Business Days specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms or, if a number of Business Days is not so specified, then with respect to a Deliverable 
Obligation specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable, the longest number of Business Days for settlement in accordance with then current 
market practice of such Deliverable Obligation, as the Calculation Agent shall determine; 
provided that if the Calculation Agent has notified the Issuer (who, in turn, has notified the 
Fiscal Agent and Securityholders) that it intends to Deliver an Asset Package in lieu of a Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond, the Physical Settlement Period shall be 
30 Business Days. 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes means Credit Linked Notes which are specified as 
such in the Issue Terms, which are linked to a tranche of the losses and recoveries in respect of

--- Page 622 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
594 
 
a bespoke basket of two or more Reference Entities (which, for the avoidance of doubt, may 
include the component Reference Entities of an Index) specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Portfolio Tranched Final Redemption Amount means, in respect of each Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Note, unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
such Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount equal to: 
(x)   
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount; plus 
(y) 
the sum of all Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amounts determined in respect of 
the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes. 
Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount means, in respect of Portfolio Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes and an Affected Reference Entity on any day, an amount, calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on such day equal to the lowest of: 
(a) 
the Loss Amount in respect of such Affected Reference Entity; 
(b) 
the Aggregate Loss Amount (including the Loss Amount in respect of such Affected 
Reference Entity and such day); minus the Loss Threshold Amount (subject to a 
minimum of zero); and 
(c) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (prior to any reduction thereof in respect 
of such Affected Reference Entity and such day). 
Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount means, in respect of Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes and an Affected Reference Entity on any day, an amount, calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on such day equal to the lowest of: 
(a) 
the Recovery Amount in respect of such Affected Reference Entity; 
(b) 
the Aggregate Recovery Amount (calculated taking into account the Recovery Amount 
for such Affected Reference Entity) minus the Recovery Threshold Amount (subject to 
a minimum of zero); and 
(c) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (prior to any reduction thereto in respect 
of such Affected Reference Entity and such day). 
Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount means, in respect of each Portfolio Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes, unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
each Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount; minus 
(ii) 
the Unwind Costs, if any. 
Post Dismissal Additional Period means the period from and including the date of the 
Applicable DC Credit Event Question Dismissal to and including the date that is 14 calendar 
days thereafter (provided that the relevant Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurred on or 
prior to the end of the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date)). 
Potential Failure to Pay means the failure by the relevant Reference Entity to make, when and 
where due, any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement 
under one or more Obligations in accordance with the terms of such obligations at the time of

--- Page 623 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
595 
 
such failure, without regard to any grace period or any conditions precedent to the 
commencement of any grace period applicable to such Obligations. 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium means the occurrence of an event described in sub-
paragraph (a) of the definition of "Repudiation/Moratorium". 
Principal Tax Deduction Amount means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes and 
a payment of principal (howsoever described) in respect of the redemption of the Reference 
Investor Assets, an amount equal to any and all withholding(s) or deduction(s) for or on account 
of any taxes or duties (for the avoidance of doubt, whether effective at and/or after the Trade 
Date) of whatever nature that would be imposed, levied or collected by or on behalf of any 
authority of the Reference Jurisdiction in respect of such payment to a Reference Investor. 
Principal Writedown Amount means, in respect of: 
(a) 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and an Affected Reference Entity, the sum of: 
(i) 
the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount (if any) applicable to such 
Affected Reference Entity; and 
(ii) 
the Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount applicable to such Affected Reference 
Entity; or 
(b) 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes and an Affected Reference Entity, the sum of: 
(i) 
the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount (if any) applicable to such 
Affected Reference Entity; and 
(ii) 
the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount applicable to such Affected 
Reference Entity.  
Prior Deliverable Obligation means: 
(a) 
if a Governmental Intervention has occurred (whether or not such event is specified as 
the applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the Applicable DC Credit Event 
Announcement), any Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity which (i) existed 
immediately prior to such Governmental Intervention, (ii) was the subject of such 
Governmental Intervention and (iii) fell within the definition of Deliverable Obligation 
set out in sub-paragraph (a) or (b) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation", in each 
case, immediately preceding the date on which such Governmental Intervention was 
legally effective; or 
(b) 
if a Restructuring which does not constitute a Governmental Intervention has occurred 
in respect of the Reference Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity (whether or not 
such event is specified as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the 
Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement), such Reference Obligation, if any. 
Private-side Loan means a Loan in respect of which the documentation governing its terms is 
not publicly available or capable of being made public without violating a law, agreement, 
understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
Prohibited Action means any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence 
based on the factors set forth in sub-paragraphs (a) to (d) of the definition of "Credit Event") or 
right of set-off by or of the relevant Reference Entity or any applicable Underlying Obligor. In 
respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, for purposes of this definition, references to the 
Underlying Obligation and the Underlying Obligor shall be deemed to include Insured 
Instruments and the Insured Obligor, respectively. 
Public Source means each source of Publicly Available Information specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms (or, if no such source is specified, each of Bloomberg, Reuters, Dow Jones 
Newswires, The Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, Nihon Keizai Shimbun, 
AsahiShimbun, YomiuriShimbun, Financial Times, La Tribune, Les Echos, The Australian

--- Page 624 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
596 
 
Financial Review and Debtwire (and successor publications), the main source(s) of business 
news in the country in which the relevant Reference Entity is organised and any other 
internationally recognised published or electronically displayed news sources). 
Publicly Available Information means information that reasonably confirms any of the facts 
relevant to the determination that the Credit Event or Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as 
applicable, described in a Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice 
have occurred and which (a) has been published in or on not less than the Specified Number of 
Public Sources, regardless of whether the reader or user thereof pays a fee to obtain such 
information; (b) is information received from or published by (i) the relevant Reference Entity 
(or if the relevant Reference Entity is a Sovereign, any agency, instrumentality, ministry, 
department or other authority thereof acting in a governmental capacity (including, without 
limiting the foregoing, the central bank) of such Sovereign) or (ii) a trustee, fiscal agent, 
administrative agent, clearing agent, paying agent, facility agent or agent bank for an Obligation, 
or (c) is information contained in any order, decree, notice, petition or filing, however described, 
of or filed with a court, tribunal, exchange, regulatory authority or similar administrative, 
regulatory or judicial body; provided that where any information of the type described in sub-
paragraphs (a) to (c) of this definition is not publicly available, it can only constitute Publicly 
Available Information if it can be made public without violating any law, agreement, 
understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
In relation to any information of the type described in sub-paragraphs (b) and (c) in the first 
paragraph of this definition, the party receiving such information may assume that such 
information has been disclosed to it without violating any law, agreement, understanding or 
other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information and that the party delivering 
such information has not taken any action or entered into any agreement or understanding with 
the relevant Reference Entity or any Affiliate of the relevant Reference Entity that would be 
breached by, or would prevent, the disclosure of such information to the party receiving such 
information. 
Without limitation, Publicly Available Information need not state (a) in relation to the definition 
of "Downstream Affiliate", the percentage of Voting Shares owned by the relevant Reference 
Entity and (b) that the relevant occurrence (i) has met the Payment Requirement or Default 
Requirement, (ii) is the result of exceeding any applicable Grace Period or (iii) has met the 
subjective criteria specified in certain Credit Events. 
In relation to a Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event, Publicly Available Information must 
relate to the events described in sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) of the definition of 
"Repudiation/Moratorium". 
Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee means a Qualifying Guarantee provided by the relevant 
Reference Entity in respect of an Underlying Obligation of a Downstream Affiliate of the 
Reference Entity. 
Qualifying Guarantee means a Guarantee evidenced by a written instrument (which may 
include a statute or regulation), pursuant to which the relevant Reference Entity irrevocably 
agrees, undertakes or is otherwise obliged to pay all amounts of principal and interest (except 
for amounts which are not covered due to the existence of a Fixed Cap) due under an 
"Underlying Obligation" for which the Underlying Obligor is the obligor, by guarantee of 
payment and not by guarantee of collection (or, in either case, any legal arrangement which is 
equivalent thereto in form under the relevant governing law). 
A Qualifying Guarantee shall not include any guarantee: 
(a) 
which is structured as a surety bond, financial guarantee insurance policy or letter of 
credit (or any legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form); or 
(b) 
pursuant to the terms applicable thereto, the principal payment obligations of the 
relevant Reference Entity can be discharged, released, reduced, assigned or otherwise 
altered as a result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance 
other than: (i) by payment; (ii) by way of Permitted Transfer; (iii) by operation of law;

--- Page 625 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
597 
 
(iv) due to the existence of a Fixed Cap; or (v) due to: (A) provisions permitting or 
anticipating a Governmental Intervention, if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms; or (B) any Solvency Capital 
Provisions, if "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms. 
If the Guarantee or Underlying Obligation contains provisions relating to the discharge, release, 
reduction, assignment or other alteration of the principal payment obligations of the relevant 
Reference Entity and such provisions have ceased to apply or are suspended at the time of the 
relevant determination, in accordance with the terms of such Guarantee or Underlying 
Obligation, due to or following the occurrence of (A) a non-payment in respect of the Guarantee 
or the Underlying Obligation, or (B) an event of the type described in the definition of 
"Bankruptcy" in respect of the relevant Reference Entity or the Underlying Obligor, then it shall 
be deemed for these purposes that such cessation or suspension is permanent, notwithstanding 
the terms of the Guarantee or Underlying Obligation. 
In order for a Guarantee to constitute a Qualifying Guarantee: (I) The benefit of a Qualifying 
Guarantee such Guarantee must be capable of being delivered together with the delivery of the 
Underlying Obligation; and (II) if a Guarantee contains a Fixed Cap, all claims to any amounts 
which are subject to such Fixed Cap must be capable of being delivered together with the 
delivery of such Guarantee. 
Qualifying Policy means, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a financial 
guarantee insurance policy or similar financial guarantee pursuant to which such Monoline 
Insurer Reference Entity irrevocably guarantees or insures all Instrument Payments of an 
instrument that constitutes Borrowed Money (modified as set forth below) (the Insured 
Instrument) for which another party (including a special purpose entity or trust) is the obligor 
(the Insured Obligor). Qualifying Policies shall exclude any arrangement (i) structured as a 
surety bond, letter of credit or equivalent legal arrangement or (ii) pursuant to the express 
contractual terms of which the payment obligations of the relevant Reference Entity can be 
discharged or reduced as a result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or 
circumstance (other than the payment of Instrument Payments). The benefit of a Qualifying 
Policy must be capable of being Delivered together with the Delivery of the Insured Instrument. 
In the event that an Obligation or a Deliverable Obligation is a Qualifying Policy, the terms of 
the definition of "Qualifying Guarantee" will apply, with references to the Relevant Guarantee, 
the Underlying Obligation and the Underlying Obligor deemed to include the Qualifying Policy, 
the Insured Instrument and the Insured Obligor, respectively, except that: 
(a) 
the Obligation Category "Borrowed Money" and the Obligation Category and 
Deliverable Obligation Category "Bond" shall be deemed to include distributions 
payable under an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar 
funded beneficial interest, the Deliverable Obligation Category "Bond" shall be 
deemed to include such an Insured Instrument, and the terms "obligation" and 
"obligor" as used in the Credit Derivatives Definitions (as supplemented by the 
"Additional Provisions for Monoline Insurer Reference Entities", as published by 
ISDA on 15 September 2014) in respect of such an Insured Instrument shall be 
construed accordingly; 
(b) 
references in the definitions of "Assignable Loan" and "Consent Required Loan" to 
the guarantor and guaranteeing shall be deemed to include the insurer and insuring, 
respectively; 
(c) 
neither the Qualifying Policy nor the Insured Instrument must satisfy on the relevant 
date the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic of "Accelerated or Matured", whether 
or not that characteristic is otherwise specified as applicable in the Physical Settlement 
Matrix in respect of the Transaction Type; 
(d) 
if the "Assignable Loan", "Consent Required Loan", "Direct Loan Participation" 
or "Transferable Deliverable Obligation Characteristics" are specified in the 
Physical Settlement Matrix in respect of the Transaction Type and if the benefit of the

--- Page 626 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
598 
 
Qualifying Policy is not transferred as part of any transfer of the Insured Instrument, 
the Qualifying Policy must be transferable at least to the same extent as the Insured 
Instrument; 
(e) 
with respect to an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar 
funded beneficial interest, the term "maturity", as such term is used in the "Maximum 
Maturity" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, shall mean the specified date by 
which the Qualifying Policy guarantees or insures, as applicable, that the ultimate 
distribution of the Certificate Balance will occur; and 
(f) 
with respect to a Qualifying Policy and an Insured Instrument, only the Qualifying 
Policy must satisfy on the relevant date or dates the "Not Subordinated" Obligation 
Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, if applicable. 
Quotation means each Full Quotation obtained and expressed as a percentage of the Reference 
Obligation's Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount (or if a Quotation is 
being obtained in respect of the Asset Package resulting from any Prior Deliverable Obligation 
or Package Observable Bond, the Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond immediately prior to the Asset Package 
Credit Event), as applicable, with respect to a Valuation Date in the manner that follows: 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to each 
Valuation Date from five or more Quotation Dealers. If the Calculation Agent is unable 
to obtain two or more such Full Quotations on the same Business Day within three 
Business Days of a Valuation Date, then on the next following Business Day (and, if 
necessary, on each Business Day thereafter until the tenth Business Day following the 
relevant Valuation Date) the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations 
from five or more Quotation Dealers. 
(b) 
If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more Full Quotations on the same 
Business Day on or prior to the tenth Business Day following the applicable Valuation 
Date, the Quotations shall be deemed to be any Full Quotation obtained from a Quotation 
Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day, or if no Full Quotation is 
obtained on such tenth Business Day, the quotation shall be deemed to be zero for the 
Quotation Amount for which firm quotations were not obtained on such day. 
Quotation Amount means, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent not in excess of the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Credit Linked Notes or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency, which 
shall be converted by the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner by reference 
to exchange rates in effect at the time that the relevant Quotation is being obtained. Where an 
Asset Package Credit Event has occurred and a Deliverable Obligation has been converted into 
an Asset Package, the Quotation Amount for all or any part of the Asset Package shall be such 
amount as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion or its 
equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency, which shall be converted by the Calculation 
Agent in a commercially reasonable manner by reference to exchange rates in effect at the time 
that the relevant Quotation is being obtained. 
Quotation Dealer means, (i) in respect of Credit Linked Notes other than Local Access Credit 
Linked Notes, a dealer (which may be one or more of the Issuer's affiliates) in obligations of the 
type for which Quotations are to be obtained, including any Quotation Dealer if specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms; or (ii) in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, a dealer which is 
not resident in the Reference Jurisdiction, if applicable, and which deals in obligations of the 
type for which Quotations are to be obtained, including any Quotation Dealer, if specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms and, in each case, as selected by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. Upon a Quotation Dealer no 
longer being in existence (with no successors), or not being an active dealer in the obligations 
of the type for which Quotations are to be obtained, the Calculation Agent may, in its discretion, 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner, substitute any such Quotation Dealer(s) for one or 
more of the foregoing.

--- Page 627 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
599 
 
Quotation Method means the applicable Quotation Method specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms by reference to one of the following terms (or, if no Quotation Method is specified, Bid 
shall apply), 
where: 
(a) 
"Bid" means that only bid quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers; 
(b) 
"Offer" means that only offer quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers; or 
(c) 
"Mid-market" means that bid and offer quotations shall be requested from Quotation 
Dealers and shall be averaged for purposes of determining a relevant Quotation Dealer's 
quotation, 
provided that in respect of any Asset Package which is the subject of a Quotation, the Quotation 
Method shall be any of the above Quotation Methods selected by the Calculation Agent in its 
sole and absolute discretion, or any other method of quotation provided in the market for the 
relevant Asset as determined by the Calculation Agent, notwithstanding the Quotation Method 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Recovery Amount means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes and an Affected Reference Entity and subject to Credit Linked 
Condition 22 (Successor Provisions): 
(a) 
if no M(M)R Restructuring has occurred: 
(i) 
if "Auction Redemption" is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method 
(and provided that the Fallback Redemption Method does not apply), an amount 
equal to the lower of (x) 100 per cent. and (y) the Auction Final Price, multiplied 
by the Reference Entity Notional Amount for the Affected Reference Entity; 
(ii) 
if "Cash Redemption" is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method, or if 
Cash Redemption applies as the Fallback Redemption Method, an amount equal 
to the lower of (x) 100 per cent. and (y) the Final Price, multiplied by the 
Reference Entity Notional Amount for the Affected Reference Entity; or 
(iii) 
if "Fixed Recovery Redemption" is specified as the Credit Event Redemption 
Method, an amount equal to the lower of (x) 100 per cent. and (y) the Fixed 
Recovery Percentage, multiplied by the Reference Entity Notional Amount for 
the Affected Reference Entity; or 
(b) 
if an M(M)R Restructuring has occurred: 
(i) 
if "Auction Redemption" is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method 
(and provided that the Fallback Redemption Method does not apply), an amount 
equal to the lower of (x) 100 per cent. and (y) the Auction Final Price, multiplied 
by the Exercise Amount for the Affected Reference Entity; 
(ii) 
if "Cash Redemption" is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method, or if 
Cash Redemption applies as the Fallback Redemption Method, an amount equal 
to the lower of (x) 100 per cent. and (y) the Final Price, multiplied by the Exercise 
Amount for the Affected Reference Entity; or 
(iii) 
if "Fixed Recovery Redemption" is specified as the Credit Event Redemption 
Method, an amount equal to the lower of (x) 100 per cent. and (y) the Fixed 
Recovery Percentage, multiplied by the Exercise Amount for the Affected 
Reference Entity. 
Recovery Threshold Amount means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the amount specified in the Issue Terms which shall 
be the product of (a) the Implicit Portfolio Size and (b) 100 per cent. minus the Exhaustion 
Point.

--- Page 628 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
600 
 
Redemption Suspension Notice has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 
21 (Effect of DC Resolutions). 
Reference Assets means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, an amount of any 
assets specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms issued by the relevant Reference Entity with 
an original maturity date as specified in the relevant Issue Terms and a nominal amount equal 
to the Applicable Principal Currency Amount, as such assets may be amended from time to time 
(including without limitation any securities, cash proceeds or other assets into which such assets 
shall have been exchanged or converted from time to time, provided that when determining 
whether any of the events or conditions that may be applicable to the Local Access Credit 
Linked Notes have occurred, such determination shall be made by the Calculation Agent with 
reference to the terms and conditions of the original Reference Assets and not such replacement 
securities or assets). 
Reference Custodian means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the entity 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Reference Custodial/Settlement Arrangement means, in respect of Local Access Credit 
Linked Notes, any formal or informal (express or implied) arrangement, method, means or 
account type through which a Reference Investor may hold, directly or indirectly, an interest 
(including a beneficial interest) in the Reference Investor Assets and/or any amount received in 
respect thereof. 
Reference Entity means, subject to the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 22 (Successor 
Provisions), in respect of: 
(a) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the entity 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms; 
(b) 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes or 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, each entity specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms; or 
(c) 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, each 
entity contained in the relevant Index and listed in the Index Annex. 
Reference Entity Count means, in respect of Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes and 
a Reference Entity, one, subject to the terms set out in Credit Linked Condition 22(h) (Multiple 
Successors). 
Reference Entity Notional Amount means, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, and in each case subject to adjustment in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 22 
(Successor Provisions): 
(a) 
in respect of Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes and Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Notes and each relevant Reference Entity, the product of: 
(i) 
the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount; and 
(ii) 
the Reference Entity Weighting of the relevant Affected Reference Entity; 
(b) 
in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and each relevant Reference Entity, 
the product of: 
(i) 
the Implicit Portfolio Size;  
(ii) 
the Reference Entity Weighting of the relevant Reference Entity; and 
(iii) 
the fraction obtained by dividing (x) one by (y) the sum of the aggregate of the 
Reference Entity Weightings of all Reference Entities and the aggregate of the 
Settled Entity Weightings for all Settled Entities.

--- Page 629 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
601 
 
(c) 
in respect of Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes and each relevant Reference Entity, 
the product of: 
(i) 
the Implicit Portfolio Size;  
(ii) 
the Reference Entity Weighting of the relevant Reference Entity; and 
(iii) 
the fraction obtained by dividing (x) one by (y) the aggregate of the Reference 
Entity Weightings of all Reference Entities, 
in each case, subject to amendment as provided herein. 
Reference Entity Weighting means, in respect of Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, and a relevant Reference Entity, the percentage specified 
for such relevant Reference Entity in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Reference Investor means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, any person that 
holds or owns the Reference Investor Assets, which may include the Issuer and/or any of its 
Affiliates (including, without limitation, any trust, special purpose vehicle or account through 
which the Issuer or any of its Affiliates may hold Reference Investor Assets in the Reference 
Jurisdiction). 
Reference Investor Assets means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes: 
(a) 
if Reference Assets Only Settlement is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Reference Assets; and 
(b) 
if Reference Assets Only Settlement is specified as not applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, Obligations and/or Deliverable Obligations. 
Reference Jurisdiction means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the jurisdiction 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Reference Obligation means: 
(a) 
if "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
the Standard Reference Obligation; 
(b) 
if "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as not applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in which case the Reference Obligation will be the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation, if any, provided that, in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, irrespective 
of any Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, if (i) a Senior Non-Preferred Level Standard Reference Obligation of the relevant 
Reference Entity is specified on the SRO List, such Standard Reference Obligation shall 
be deemed to constitute the Reference Obligation, or (ii) no such Senior Non-Preferred 
Level Standard Reference Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity is specified on the 
SRO List but such Standard Reference Obligation has previously been specified on the 
SRO List, there shall be deemed to be no Reference Obligation applicable to the Series 
and such previously specified Senior Non-Preferred Level Standard Reference 
Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity shall be deemed to constitute the Prior 
Reference Obligation; 
(c) 
if (i) "Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, (ii) there is no Standard Reference Obligation and (iii) a Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, in which case the Reference 
Obligation will be (A) the Non-Standard Reference Obligation to but excluding the first 
date of publication of the Standard Reference Obligation and (B) the Standard Reference 
Obligation from such date onwards, provided that the Standard Reference Obligation that 
is published would have been eligible to be selected as a Substitute Reference Obligation; 
or

--- Page 630 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
602 
 
(d) 
in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes, the Reference Obligation as specified in the relevant Issue Terms, as deemed 
amended by any Index Annex or pursuant to determinations of the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee or the Index Sponsor. 
Reference Obligation Only Series means a Series of Credit Linked Notes in respect of which 
(a) "Reference Obligation Only" is specified as the Obligation Category and the Deliverable 
Obligation Category in the relevant Issue Terms in respect of such Reference Entity and (b) 
"Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms in 
respect of such Reference Entity. 
Regulatory Change Cost means, in respect of a Regulatory Change Event, an amount, 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the cost which a Reference Investor would have 
incurred in respect of such Regulatory Change Event had it purchased, received, held, 
transferred or sold the Reference Investor Assets (and/or any amount received in respect thereof) 
at any time during the term of the Local Access Credit Linked Notes. 
Regulatory Change Event means: 
(a) 
the adoption of, change in or change in the interpretation or administration of, any law, 
rule, directive, decree or regulation in the Reference Jurisdiction after the Trade Date by 
any Governmental Authority or any settlement system, depositary or other entity charged 
by any Governmental Authority to regulate the holding, transferring and/or taxing of 
(including amounts received in respect of) Reference Investor Assets; and/or 
(b) 
the compliance by a Reference Investor (and/or its Custodian, if any, in respect of the 
Reference Investor Assets) with any request or directive of any Governmental Authority 
(provided that such term shall also include any taxing authority) or any settlement 
system, depositary or other entity charged by any Governmental Authority to regulate 
the holding, transferring and/or taxing of (including amounts received in respect of) 
Reference Investor Assets, 
which in any such case: 
(i) 
would, in respect of any amount of Reference Investor Assets (and/or any amount 
received in respect thereof) which a Reference Investor could have held during the term 
of the Local Access Credit Linked Notes, impose, modify or apply any tax, charge, duty, 
reserve, special deposit, insurance assessment or any other requirement on such 
Reference Investor (and this results in additional costs to a Reference Investor); and/or 
(ii) 
increases in any other way the actual or potential cost to a Reference Investor of hedging 
the obligations of the Issuer with respect to the Local Access Credit Linked Notes at any 
time during the term of such Local Access Credit Linked Notes. 
Relevant City Business Day has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
Relevant Credit Event means, subject to the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 22 
(Successor Provisions): 
(a) 
in the case of Single Name Credit Linked Notes, any Credit Event which occurs with 
respect to the relevant Reference Entity; 
(b) 
in the case of Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, any Credit Event which occurs 
with respect to the nth Reference Entity; and 
(c) 
in the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, any Credit Event which occurs with 
respect to any Reference Entity in the basket; 
(d) 
in the case of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, any Credit Event which occurs 
with respect to any Reference Entity in the Index;

--- Page 631 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
603 
 
(e) 
in the case of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, any Credit Event which occurs with 
respect to any Reference Entity in the Index once the aggregate of all loss amounts 
incurred and calculated with respect to all Reference Entities in the Index has reached 
the Loss Threshold Amount); and 
(f) 
in the case of Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, any Credit Event which occurs 
with respect to any Reference Entity in the basket once the aggregate of all loss amounts 
incurred and calculated with respect to all Reference Entities in the basket has reached 
the Loss Threshold Amount). 
Relevant Event Determination Date means, in respect of Credit Linked Notes, the Event 
Determination Date occurring with respect to a Relevant Credit Event. 
Relevant Guarantee means a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if "All Guarantees" is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, a Qualifying Guarantee. 
Relevant Holder means a holder of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable 
Bond, as the case may be, with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, 
as applicable, immediately prior to the relevant Asset Package Credit Event, equal to the 
Outstanding Amount specified in respect of such Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond in the Notice of Physical Settlement, or NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable. 
Relevant Obligations means the Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity which fall within 
the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan" and which are outstanding immediately prior to the 
Succession Date (or, if there is a Steps Plan, immediately prior to the legally effective date of 
the first succession), provided that: 
(a) 
any Bonds or Loans outstanding between the Reference Entity and any of its Affiliates, 
or held by the relevant Reference Entity, shall be excluded; 
(b) 
if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall, for purposes of the determination 
required to be made under the definition of "Successor", make the appropriate 
adjustments required to take account of any Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity 
which fall within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan" that are issued, incurred, 
redeemed, repurchased or cancelled from and including the legally effective date of the 
first succession to and including the Succession Date; 
(c) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms and the relevant Reference Entity is a Senior Reference Entity, the Relevant 
Obligations shall only include the Senior Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity 
which fall within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan"; and 
(d) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, and the relevant Reference Entity is a Subordinated Reference Entity, Relevant 
Obligations shall exclude Senior Obligations and any Further Subordinated Obligations 
of the relevant Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category "Bond or 
Loan", provided that if no such Relevant Obligations exist, "Relevant Obligations" shall 
have the same meaning as it would if the relevant Reference Entity were a Senior 
Reference Entity. 
Relevant Risk Event means, in the case of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, a  Risk Event 
which occurs with respect to the relevant Reference Entity. 
Relevant Risk Event Determination Date means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked 
Notes, the Risk Event Determination Date occurring with respect to a Relevant Risk Event. 
Repudiation/Moratorium means the occurrence of both of the following events: (a) an 
authorised officer of the relevant Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority (i) disaffirms, 
disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the validity of, one or more 
Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement or (ii) declares or 
imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll-over or deferral, whether de facto or de jure, with respect

--- Page 632 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
604 
 
to one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement; 
and (b) a Failure to Pay, determined without regard to the Payment Requirement, or a 
Restructuring, determined without regard to the Default Requirement, with respect to any such 
Obligation that occurs on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date means, if a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, (a) if the Obligations to which such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium relates include Bonds, the date that is the later of (i) the date that is 60 
days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium and (ii) the first payment date 
under any such Bond after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium (or, if later, the 
expiration date of any applicable Grace Period in respect of such payment date) and (b) if the 
Obligations to which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates do not include Bonds, the 
date that is 60 days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium; provided that, in 
either case, the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date shall occur no later than the Scheduled 
Maturity Date unless the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied. 
The "Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition" is satisfied (a) if the DC Secretary 
publicly announces, pursuant to a valid request that was delivered and effectively received on 
or prior to the date that is fourteen calendar days after the Scheduled Maturity Date, that the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that an event that 
constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred with respect to an Obligation of 
the relevant Reference Entity and that such event occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity 
Date and such resolution constitutes an Applicable Resolution or (b) otherwise, by the delivery 
by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent of a Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice and, unless 
"Notice of Publicly Available Information" is specified not applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms, a Notice of Publicly Available Information that is effective on or prior to the date that is 
fourteen calendar days after the Scheduled Maturity Date. In all cases, the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition will be deemed not to have been satisfied, or not 
capable of being satisfied, if, or to the extent that, the DC Secretary publicly announces that the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that either (i) an event does 
not constitute a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium with respect to an Obligation of the relevant 
Reference Entity or (ii) an event that constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium for the 
purposes of the relevant Credit Linked Notes has occurred with respect to an Obligation of the 
relevant Reference Entity but that such event occurred after the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation 
Agent to the Issuer (for onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and Securityholders) that describes 
a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
A Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of 
the facts relevant to the determination that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred 
and indicate the date of the occurrence. The Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that is the subject 
of the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice need not be continuing on the date the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice is effective. 
Resolve means, with respect to a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee, the making of 
a specific determination in accordance with the DC Rules, and "Resolved" and "Resolves" shall 
be construed accordingly. 
Restructured Bond or Loan means an Obligation that is a Bond or Loan and in respect of 
which the relevant Restructuring has occurred. 
Restructuring means that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an 
aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following 
events occurs in a form that binds all holders of such Obligation, is agreed between the relevant 
Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority and a sufficient number of holders of such 
Obligation to bind all holders of the Obligation or is announced (or otherwise decreed) by the 
relevant Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority in a form that binds all holders of such 
Obligation (including, in each case, in respect of Bonds only, by way of exchange) and such 
event is not expressly provided for under the terms of such Obligation in effect as of the later of 
the Credit Event Backstop Date applicable to the relevant Credit Linked Notes and the date as 
of which such Obligation is issued or incurred:

--- Page 633 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
605 
 
(a) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest 
accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(b) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including by 
way of redenomination); 
(c) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (i) the payment or accrual 
of interest or (ii) the payment of principal or premium; 
(d) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the 
Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation; or 
(e) 
any change in the currency of any payment of interest, principal or premium to any 
currency other than the lawful currency of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United 
Kingdom and the United States of America and the euro and any successor currency to 
any of the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall mean the 
currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
Notwithstanding the above in this definition of "Restructuring", none of the following shall 
constitute a Restructuring: 
(i) 
the payment in euros of interest, principal or premium in relation to an Obligation 
denominated in a currency of a Member State of the European Union that adopts or has 
adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European 
Community, as amended by the Treaty on European Union; 
(ii) 
the redenomination from euros into another currency, if (A) the redenomination occurs 
as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the 
European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental 
Authority and (B) a freely available market rate of conversion between euros and such 
other currency existed at the time of such redenomination and there is no reduction in 
the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium payable, as determined by reference 
to such freely available market rate of conversion; 
(iii) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in sub-
paragraphs (a) to (e) of this definition of "Restructuring" due to an administrative 
adjustment, accounting adjustment or tax adjustment or other technical adjustment 
occurring in the ordinary course of business; and 
(iv) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in sub-
paragraphs (a) to (e) of this definition of "Restructuring" in circumstances where such 
event does not directly or indirectly result from a deterioration in the creditworthiness or 
financial condition of the Reference Entity, provided that in respect of sub-paragraph (e) 
of this definition of "Restructuring" only, no such deterioration in the creditworthiness 
or financial condition of the Reference Entity is required where the redenomination is 
from euros into another currency and occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental 
Authority of a Member State of the European Union which is of general application in 
the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority or in respect of a Monoline Insurer 
Reference Entity, in the case of Qualifying Policy and an Insured Instrument, where (A) 
the Qualifying Policy continues to guarantee or insure, as applicable, that the same 
Instrument Payments will be made on the same dates on which the Qualifying Policy 
guaranteed or insured that such Instrument Payments would be made prior to such event 
and (B) such event is not a change in the ranking in the priority of payment of the 
Qualifying Policy. 
For the purposes of this definition of "Restructuring": 
(I) 
The term Obligation shall be deemed to include Underlying Obligations for which the 
relevant Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Guarantee. In the case of a Guarantee 
and an Underlying Obligation, references to the relevant Reference Entity in this 
definition shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying Obligor and the reference to the

--- Page 634 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
606 
 
relevant Reference Entity in this definition of "Restructuring" shall continue to refer to 
the relevant Reference Entity. 
(II) 
If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one of the events described 
under sub-paragraphs (a) to (e) of this definition has occurred will be based on a 
comparison of the terms of the Bond immediately prior to such exchange and the terms 
of the resulting obligations immediately following such exchange. 
(III) 
In respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, for the purposes of the first and second 
paragraphs of this definition, the term Obligation shall be deemed to include Insured 
Instruments for which the relevant Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Qualifying 
Policy. In the case of a Qualifying Policy and an Insured Instrument, references to the 
relevant Reference Entity in the first paragraph above shall be deemed to refer to the 
Insured Obligor and the reference to the relevant Reference Entity in the first paragraph 
above shall continue to refer to the relevant Reference Entity. 
(IV) 
With respect to an Insured Instrument that is in the form of a pass-through certificate or 
similar funded beneficial interest or a Qualifying Policy with respect thereto and in 
respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, sub-paragraphs (a) to (e) of the first 
paragraph above are hereby amended to read as follows: 
(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of the Instrument Payments described in 
clause (A)(x) of the definition thereof that are guaranteed or insured by the 
Qualifying Policy (including by way of redenomination); 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of the Instrument Payments described in clause 
(A)(y) of the definition thereof that are guaranteed or insured by the 
Qualifying Policy (including by way of redenomination); 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (A) the payment 
or accrual of the Instrument Payments described in clause (A)(x) of the 
definition thereof; or (B) the payment of the Instrument Payments described 
in clause (A)(y) of the definition thereof, in each case that are guaranteed or 
insured by the Qualifying Guarantee; 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of: (A) any Obligation under a 
Qualifying Policy in respect of Instrument Payments, causing the 
Subordination or such Obligation to any other Obligation; or (B) any 
Instrument Payments, causing the Subordination of such Insured Instrument 
to any other instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar 
funded beneficial interest issued by the Insured Obligor, it being understood 
that, for this purpose, Subordination will be deemed to include any such 
change that results in lower ranking under a priority of payments provision 
applicable to the relevant Instrument Payments; or 
(v) 
any change in the currency of any payment of Instrument Payments that are 
guaranteed or insured by the Qualifying Policy to any currency other than the 
lawful currency of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the 
United States of America and the euro and any successor currency to any of 
the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall mean the 
currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
Restructuring Date means the date on which a Restructuring is legally effective in accordance 
with the terms of the documentation governing such Restructuring. 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation, the 
Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the final maturity date of the Restructured Bond or Loan with 
the latest final maturity date of any Restructured Bond or Loan occurs prior to the 2.5-year 
Limitation Date (such Restructured Bond or Loan, a Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or 
Loan) and the Scheduled Maturity Date occurs prior to the final maturity date of such Latest

--- Page 635 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
607 
 
Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan, then the Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be 
the final maturity date of such Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan. 
In respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity and with respect to an Insured Instrument in 
the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, the term "final 
maturity date", as such term is used in this definition shall mean the specified date by which the 
Qualifying Policy guarantees or insures, as applicable, that the ultimate distribution of the 
Certificate Balance will occur. 
Revised Currency Rate means, with respect to a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified 
in a NOPS Amendment Notice, the rate of conversion between the currency in which the 
Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount is denominated and the currency in 
which the Outstanding Amount of such Replacement Deliverable Obligation is denominated 
that is determined either (a) by reference to the Currency Rate Source as at the Next Currency 
Fixing Time or (b) if such rate is not available at such time, as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in a commercially reasonable manner. 
Risk Event means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent: 
(a) 
if the Issue Terms specify that the Settlement Currency Principal Amount is the 
Applicable Principal Currency Amount, the occurrence or existence of a Credit Event; 
or 
(b) 
if the Issue Terms specify that the LCY Reference Amount is the Applicable Principal 
Currency Amount, the occurrence or existence of a Credit Event or an Additional Risk 
Event. 
Risk Event Determination Date means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes and 
with respect to a Risk Event, the date on which an effective Risk Event Notice has been delivered 
by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer for onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and 
Securityholders. 
Risk Event Determination Period means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, the 
period from and including the Additional Risk Event Start Date to and including the Scheduled 
Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date, as applicable. 
Risk Event Notice means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, an irrevocable notice 
from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer for onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and 
Securityholders, which: 
(a) 
identifies the Series of Local Access Credit Linked Notes to which the Risk Event Notice 
relates; 
(b) 
states the Calculation Agent's intention for the Issuer to redeem the Applicable 
Proportion of the Local Access Credit Linked Notes in accordance with the relevant Risk 
Event Redemption Method; and 
(c) 
specifies a Risk Event that occurred or exists during the Risk Event Determination Period 
and provides details of such Risk Event. 
Any Risk Event Notice that describes a Risk Event that occurred after the Scheduled Maturity 
Date must relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace Period Extension 
Date, 
or 
the 
relevant 
Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium, 
in 
the 
case 
of 
a 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date.  
A Risk  Event Notice that describes a Risk Event must be in respect of the full Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the relevant Local Access Credit Linked Notes in the relevant 
Series, subject to Credit Linked Condition 22 (Successor Provisions).

--- Page 636 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
608 
 
A Risk Event Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the 
determination that a Risk Event has occurred. The Risk Event that is the subject of the Risk 
Event Notice need not be continuing on the date the Risk Event Notice is effective. 
Risk Event Redemption Method means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, LA 
Cash Redemption, LA Physical Redemption or LA Fixed Recovery Redemption, as specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Scheduled Maturity Date means, in respect of an issue of Credit Linked Notes, the date 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Scheduled Maturity Date Extension means an extension determined in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 13 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension). 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes means Credit Linked Notes in respect of which "Additional 
Provisions for Senior, Non-Preferred Reference Obligations", as published by ISDA on 
December 8, 2017, is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms in relation to one or 
more Reference Entities and in respect of which each such relevant Reference Entity constitutes 
a Subordinated Reference Entity.  
Senior Non-Preferred Obligation means, in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, any 
obligation of the relevant Reference Entity which is Subordinated only to any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity but not further or otherwise, or 
which would be so Subordinated if any unsubordinated Borrowed Money Obligations of the 
relevant Reference Entity existed, and which ranks above Traditional Subordinated Obligations 
of the relevant Reference Entity or which would so rank if any Traditional Subordinated 
Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity existed. A Senior Non Preferred Obligation shall 
constitute a Subordinated Obligation. 
Senior Obligation means any Obligation which is not Subordinated to any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money obligation of the relevant Reference Entity. 
Senior Reference Entity means a relevant Reference Entity for which (a) the Reference 
Obligation(s) or Prior Reference Obligation(s), as applicable, is/are a Senior Obligation. 
Seniority Level means, with respect to an obligation of the relevant Reference Entity, (a) 
"Senior Level" or "Subordinated Level" as specified in the relevant Issue Terms, or (b) if no 
such seniority level is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, "Senior Level" if the Original Non-
Standard Reference Obligation is a Senior Obligation or "Subordinated Level" if the Original 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation is a Subordinated Obligation, failing which (c) "Senior 
Level", or (d) in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the relevant Reference Entity, the 
"Senior Non-Preferred Level". 
Settled Entity means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, each entity (if any) 
identified as such for the Index in the Settled Entity Matrix.  
Settled Entity Incurred Loss Amount means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes, an amount (subject to a minimum of zero) equal to the Aggregate Settled Entity Loss 
Amount minus the Loss Threshold Amount. 
Settled Entity Incurred Recovery Amount means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes, an amount (subject to a minimum of zero) equal to the Aggregate Settled Entity Recovery 
Amount minus the Recovery Threshold Amount. 
Settled Entity Loss Amount means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and 
with respect to a Settled Entity, an amount equal to the product of (subject to a minimum of 
zero): 
(a) 
the Settled Entity Notional Amount for such Settled Entity; and

--- Page 637 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
609 
 
(b) 
(x) 100 per cent. minus (y) the Weighted Average Final Price set out opposite such 
Settled Entity in the Settled Entity Matrix or where "Fixed Recovery Redemption" 
applies, the Fixed Recovery Percentage. 
Settled Entity Matrix means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the Settled 
Entity Matrix as most recently amended and supplemented as of the calendar day immediately 
preceding the Trade Date, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms and as published by Markit 
or any successor thereto (which can be accessed at http://www.markit.com or any successor 
website thereto). 
Settled Entity Notional Amount means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and 
with respect to each Settled Entity: 
(a) 
the product of (x) the Implicit Portfolio Size and (y) the Settled Entity Weighting of the 
relevant Settled Entity; and 
(b) 
the fraction obtained by dividing (x) one by (y) the sum of the aggregate of the Reference 
Entity Weightings of all Reference Entities and the aggregate of the Settled Entity 
Weightings for all Settled Entities. 
Settled Entity Recovery Amount means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
and with respect to a Settled Entity, an amount equal to the product of: 
(a) 
the Settled Entity Notional Amount for such Settled Entity; and 
(b) 
the lesser of (x) 100 per cent. and (y) the Weighted Average Final Price set out opposite 
such Settled Entity in the Settled Entity Matrix or where "Fixed Recovery Redemption" 
applies, the Fixed Recovery Percentage. 
Settled Entity Weighting means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and with 
respect to a Settled Entity, the weighting specified for such Specified Entity in the Settled Entity 
Matrix. 
Settlement Currency means the currency specified in the relevant Issue Terms, or if no 
currency is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Specified Currency of the Credit Linked 
Notes. 
Settlement Currency Principal Amount means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked 
Notes, an amount in the Settlement Currency equal to the nominal amount of the Reference 
Assets, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Settlement/Custodial Event means, in respect of Local Access Credit Linked Notes, (a) the 
occurrence of any event, the existence of any condition or the taking of any action that results, 
or may result with the passage of time, in the Bankruptcy (as if references to "Reference Entity" 
were changed to "Custodian" for these purposes) of any Custodian or (b) in respect of the 
Reference Investor Assets owned by such Reference Investor or any amount received in respect 
thereof, a Custodian (i) fails to perform in a timely manner any or all of its obligations owed to 
a Reference Investor under any Reference Custodial/Settlement Arrangement, or (ii) fails to 
take any action when instructed to do so by a Reference Investor pursuant to the terms of any 
Reference Custodial/Settlement Arrangement, or (iii) takes any action which is contrary to the 
terms of any Reference Custodial/Settlement Arrangement; in each case that affects or may 
affect, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the hedging arrangements of the Issuer 
and/or any of its Affiliates in respect of the Issuer's obligations with respect to the Credit Linked 
Notes. 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes means Credit Linked Notes which are specified as such in 
the Issue Terms, in respect of which the Issuer purchases credit protection from Securityholders 
in respect of one Reference Entity. 
Single Name Partial Nominal Amount has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 22 (Successor Provisions).

--- Page 638 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
610 
 
Single Name Successor Entity has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 
22 (Successor Provisions). 
Solvency Capital Provisions means any terms in an obligation which permit the relevant 
Reference Entity's payment obligations thereunder to be deferred, suspended, cancelled, 
converted, reduced or otherwise varied and which are necessary in order for the obligation to 
constitute capital resources of a particular tier. 
Sovereign means any state, political subdivision or government, or any agency, instrumentality, 
ministry, department or other authority acting in a governmental capacity (including, without 
limiting the foregoing, the central bank) thereof. 
Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation means an Obligation of a relevant Reference 
Entity which is a Sovereign (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) (a) in respect 
of which a Restructuring that is the subject of the relevant Credit Event Notice or Applicable 
DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred and (b) which fell within the definition of a 
Deliverable Obligation immediately preceding the date on which such Restructuring is legally 
effective in accordance with the terms of the documentation governing such Restructuring. 
Sovereign Succession Event means, with respect to a relevant Reference Entity that is a 
Sovereign, an annexation, unification, secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, 
reconstitution or other similar event. 
Specified Number means the number of Public Sources specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
(or, if no such number is specified, two). 
SRO List means the list of Standard Reference Obligations as published by ISDA on its website 
at www.isda.org from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party 
designated by ISDA on its website from time to time. The current SRO list can be obtained at 
https://ihsmarkit.com/products/red-cds.html. 
Standard Event Determination Date means, with respect to a Credit Event and: 
(a) 
a Series where Auction Redemption is specified as the applicable Credit Event 
Redemption Method and "Single Notifying Party Event Determination Date" is not 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms: 
(i) 
subject to sub-paragraph (ii) of this definition, the Notice Delivery Date, if the 
Notice Delivery Date occurs during either the Notice Delivery Period or the Post 
Dismissal Additional Period, provided that neither (A) a DC Credit Event 
Announcement has occurred nor (B) a DC No Credit Event Announcement has 
occurred, in each case, with respect to the Credit Event specified in the Credit 
Event Notice; or 
(ii) 
notwithstanding sub-paragraph (i) of this definition, the Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date, if a DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred, the Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date has occurred on or prior to the last day of the Notice 
Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date) and either: 
(A) 
(I) the Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; and (II) the Trade 
Date occurs on or prior to a DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date; or 
(B) 
(I) the Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring; and (II) a Credit Event 
Notice is delivered by a Notifying Party to the other party and is effective 
on or prior to the Standard Exercise Cut-off Date, 
provided that: 
(1) 
no Physical Redemption Date or full redemption of the Credit Linked 
Notes has occurred on or prior to the date on which the Applicable DC 
Credit Event Meeting Announcement occurs;

--- Page 639 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
611 
 
(2) 
if any Valuation Date or Delivery Date, as applicable, in respect of the 
relevant Reference Entity has occurred on or prior to the date on which the 
Applicable DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement occurs, an Event 
Determination Date shall be deemed to have occurred only with respect to 
the portion of the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit 
Linked Notes or, if the Credit Linked Notes are Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the 
Reference Entity Notional Amount of the relevant Reference Entity to 
which the Event Determination Date relates, if any, with respect to which 
no Valuation Date or Delivery Date, as applicable, has occurred; and 
(3) 
no Credit Event Notice specifying an M(M)R Restructuring as the only 
Credit Event has previously been delivered by the Calculation Agent to 
the Issuer for onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and Securityholders, 
(aa) unless the M(M)R Restructuring specified in such Credit Event Notice 
is also the subject of the Applicable DC Credit Event Question resulting 
in the occurrence of the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, (bb) unless, 
and to the extent that, the Exercise Amount specified in such Credit Event 
Notice was less than the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Credit Linked Notes or, if the Credit Linked Notes are Linear Basket 
Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, 
the relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Affected Reference 
Entity, or (cc) unless a representative credit derivative transaction 
economically equivalent to the Credit Linked Notes in unfunded format 
referencing the same Affected Reference Entity and (a) having identical 
deliverable obligation terms to one set of the Deliverable Obligation Terms 
of the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms and to the 
Deliverable Obligation Provisions of the Credit Linked Notes; (b) in the 
case of M(M)R Restructuring,  having a scheduled termination date which 
falls within  the designated scheduled termination dates for the Applicable 
Auction and having similar tenor to the Credit Linked Notes (in each case,  
assuming "Auction Redemption"  and a deemed occurrence of an Event 
Determination Date) would be a covered transaction and the deliverable 
obligations set out on the Final List are identical to the Deliverable 
Obligations for such Series. 
Standard Exercise Cut-off Date means either: 
(a) 
with respect to an M(M)R Restructuring and a Series to which sub-paragraph (a) of the 
definition of "Standard Event Determination Date" applies: 
(i) 
if the DC Secretary publishes a Final List applicable to the Applicable Transaction 
Auction Settlement Terms and/or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms may be 
published, the date that is five Relevant City Business Days following the date on 
which such Final List is published (assuming, for the purposes of the timing set 
out herein, that any Credit Event Notice is delivered by the Calculation Agent (as 
a buyer of credit protection) to the Issuer (as a seller of credit protection); or 
(ii) 
otherwise, the date that is 14 calendar days following the relevant No Auction 
Announcement Date; or 
(b) 
with respect to a Credit Event and a Series to which sub-paragraph (a) of the definition 
of "Standard Event Determination Date" does not apply, the Non-Standard Exercise Cut-
off Date, 
or, in each case, such other date as the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
Resolves.

--- Page 640 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
612 
 
Standard Reference Obligation means the Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity with 
the relevant Seniority Level which is specified from time to time on the SRO List. 
Standard Specified Currency means each of the lawful currencies of Canada, Japan, 
Switzerland, France, Germany, the United Kingdom and the United States of America and the 
euro and any successor currency to any of the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of 
the euro, shall mean the currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
Steps Plan means a plan evidenced by Eligible Information contemplating that there will be a 
series of successions to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity, 
by one or more entities. 
Subordinated Obligation means any Obligation which is Subordinated to any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money obligation of the relevant Reference Entity or which would be so 
Subordinated if any unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the relevant Reference 
Entity existed. 
Subordinated Reference Entity means a relevant Reference Entity for which the Reference 
Obligation(s) or Prior Reference Obligation(s), as applicable, is/are a Subordinated Obligation. 
Substitute Reference Obligation means, with respect to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
to which a Substitution Event has occurred, the Obligation that may replace the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation, determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 24 (Reference Obligation) or, in the case of the Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Notes and Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, as determined by the Index Sponsor (in the 
absence of any determination by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee). 
Notwithstanding the definition of "Substitute Reference Obligation" (a) no Substitute Reference 
Obligation shall be determined in respect of a Reference Obligation Only Series and (b) if the 
events set out in sub-paragraph (b) or (c) of the definition of "Substitution Event" occur with 
respect to the Reference Obligation in a Reference Obligation Only Series, such Reference 
Obligation shall continue to be the Reference Obligation. 
Substitution Date means, with respect to a Substitute Reference Obligation, the date on which 
the Calculation Agent notifies the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer of the Substitute Reference 
Obligation that it has identified in accordance with the definition of "Substitute Reference 
Obligation". 
Substitution Event means, with respect to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation: 
(a) 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation is redeemed in whole; 
(b) 
the aggregate amounts due under the Non-Standard Reference Obligation have been 
reduced by redemption or otherwise below USD 10,000,000 or its equivalent in the 
relevant Obligation Currency, as determined by the Calculation Agent); or 
(c) 
for any other reason, other than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, the 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation is no longer an Obligation of a relevant Reference 
Entity, (either directly or as provider of a Guarantee (or, in respect of a Monoline Insurer 
Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy)). 
For the purposes of the identification of a Non-Standard Reference Obligation, any change in 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation's CUSIP or ISIN number or other similar identifier will 
not, in and of itself, constitute a Substitution Event. 
If an event described in sub-paragraph (a) or (b) of this definition has occurred on or prior to the 
Trade Date, then a Substitution Event shall be deemed to have occurred pursuant to sub-
paragraph (a) or (b) of this definition, as the case may be, on the Issue Date. 
Substitution Event Date means, with respect to the Reference Obligation, the date of the 
occurrence of the relevant Substitution Event.

--- Page 641 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
613 
 
Substitution Event Redemption Amount means, in respect of each Credit Linked Note, such 
Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of an amount equal to (x) the fair market value of the Credit 
Linked Notes determined by the Issuer as at the Substitution Event Date, and (y) adjusted to 
take into account any Unwind Costs (if any). 
Successor means, subject to Credit Linked Condition 22(a) (Eligible Successors), the entity or 
entities, if any, determined by the Calculation Agent or the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee, as applicable, as follows: 
(a) 
subject to sub-paragraph (g) of this definition, if one entity succeeds, either directly or 
as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee (or, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference 
Entity, a Qualifying Policy) to seventy five per cent. or more of the Relevant 
Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity, that entity will be the sole Successor; 
(b) 
if only one entity succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee (or, 
in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy) to more than 
twenty five per cent. (but less than seventy five per cent.) of the Relevant Obligations 
of the relevant Reference Entity and not more than twenty five per cent. of the Relevant 
Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity remain with the relevant Reference Entity, 
the entity that succeeds to more than twenty five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations 
will be the sole Successor; 
(c) 
if more than one entity each succeeds, either directly or as provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee (or, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy) 
to more than twenty five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference 
Entity, and not more than twenty five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the 
relevant Reference Entity remain with the relevant Reference Entity, the entities that 
succeed to more than twenty five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations will each be a 
Successor; 
(d) 
if one or more entities each succeeds, either directly or as provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee (or, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy) 
to more than twenty five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference 
Entity, and more than twenty five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant 
Reference Entity remain with the relevant Reference Entity, each such entity and the 
Reference Entity will each be a Successor; 
(e) 
if one or more entities succeeds, either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee 
(or, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy) to a portion 
of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity, but no entity succeeds to 
more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference 
Entity and the relevant Reference Entity continues to exist, there will be no Successor; 
and 
(f) 
if one or more entities succeeds either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee 
(or, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy) to a portion 
of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity, but no entity succeeds to 
more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference 
Entity and the relevant Reference Entity ceases to exist, the entity which succeeds to 
the greatest percentage of Relevant Obligations will be the Successor (provided that if 
two or more entities succeed to an equal percentage of Relevant Obligations, each such 
entity will be a Successor); 
(g) 
in respect of a relevant Reference Entity which is not a Sovereign, if one entity assumes 
all of the Obligations (including at least one Relevant Obligation) of the relevant 
Reference Entity, and at the time of the determination either (i) the relevant Reference 
Entity has ceased to exist, or (ii) the relevant Reference Entity is in the process of being 
dissolved (howsoever described) and the relevant Reference Entity has not issued or 
incurred any Borrowed Money obligation at any time since the legally effective date 
of the assumption, such entity (the Universal Successor) will be the sole Successor.

--- Page 642 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
614 
 
For the purposes of this definition, "succeed" means, with respect to the relevant Reference 
Entity and its Relevant Obligations, that an entity other than the relevant Reference Entity (A) 
assumes or becomes liable for such Relevant Obligations whether by operation of law or 
pursuant to any agreement (including, with respect to a relevant Reference Entity that is a 
Sovereign, any protocol, treaty, convention, accord, concord, entente, pact or other agreement), 
or (B) issues Bonds or incurs loans (the Exchange Bonds or Loans) that are exchanged for 
Relevant Obligations (or, as applicable, obligations), and in either case the relevant Reference 
Entity is not thereafter a direct obligor or a provider of a Relevant Guarantee (or, in respect of 
a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy) with respect to the Relevant 
Obligations or such Exchange Bonds or Loans, as applicable. For the purposes of this definition, 
"succeeded" and "succession" shall be construed accordingly. 
Successor Backstop Date means: 
(a) 
for the purposes of any Successor determination determined by DC Resolution, the date 
that is 90 calendar days prior to the Successor Resolution Request Date; and 
(b) 
in all other cases, the date that is 90 calendar days prior to the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which the Successor Notice is effective; and 
(ii) 
in circumstances where (I) a Successor Resolution Request Date has occurred, 
(II) the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not 
to make a Successor determination and (III) the Successor Notice is delivered 
by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent not more than 14 calendar days after the day 
on which the DC Secretary publicly announces that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a Successor 
determination, the Successor Resolution Request Date. 
The Successor Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business 
Day Convention. 
Succession Date means the legally effective date of an event in which one or more entities 
succeed to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity; provided 
that if at such time, there is a Steps Plan, the Succession Date will be the legally effective date 
of the final succession in respect of such Steps Plan, or if earlier (a) the date on which a 
determination pursuant to sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of "Successor" would not be 
affected by any further related successions in respect of such Steps Plan, or (b) the occurrence 
of an Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, in respect of 
the relevant Reference Entity or any entity which would constitute a Successor. 
Successor Notice means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer for 
onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and Securityholders that describes a succession (or, in 
relation to a relevant Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, a Sovereign Succession Event) in 
respect of which a Succession Date has occurred and pursuant to which one or more Successors 
to the Reference Entity can be determined. A Successor Notice must contain a description in 
reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination to be made pursuant to sub-paragraph 
(a) of the definition of "Successor". 
Successor Resolution Request Date means, with respect to a notice to the DC Secretary 
requesting that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve one or 
more Successors to the relevant Reference Entity, the date, as publicly announced by the DC 
Secretary, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to be the 
date on which such notice is effective. 
TARGET Settlement Day means any day on which TARGET2 (the Trans-European 
Automarket Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System) is open. 
Tier 2 Subordinated Obligation means, in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, any 
obligation of the relevant Reference Entity which meets the conditions set out in the CRR or 
which are (or were at any time) otherwise eligible as a Tier 2 item in accordance with the CRR.

--- Page 643 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
615 
 
Traditional Subordinated Obligation means, in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, (i) 
Tier 2 Subordinated Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity; (ii) any obligations of the 
relevant Reference Entity which rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with any Tier 2 
Subordinated Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity; and (iii) any obligations of the 
Reference Entity which are Subordinated to the obligations thereto described in (i) and (ii) above 
shall each (without limitation) constitute Traditional Subordinated Obligations in respect of a 
Senior Non-Preferred Obligation. A Traditional Subordinated Obligation shall constitute a 
Further Subordinated Obligation. 
Tranche Size means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes, the Exhaustion Point minus the Attachment Point. 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms means the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms; provided that the Calculation Agent determines in its discretion, acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner, that (a) the relevant Deliverable Obligation Terms are 
substantially the same as the Deliverable Obligation Provisions applicable to the relevant Credit 
Linked Notes, and (b) if such Credit Event is a Restructuring for which either "Restructuring 
Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation" or "Modified Restructuring Maturity 
Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation" is applicable or deemed to be applicable, 
a credit derivatives transaction with the same tenor as the Credit Linked Notes would be an 
"Auction Covered Transaction" for the purposes of the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
Transaction Type means, for the purposes of the application of the Physical Settlement Matrix 
to a Series where "Physical Settlement Matrix Standard Terms" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms, each Reference Entity designated as one of the following in the relevant 
Issue Terms: 
(a) 
North American Corporate; 
(b) 
European Corporate; 
(c) 
European Financial Corporate; 
(d) 
European COCO Financial Corporate; 
(e) 
European Senior Non Preferred Financial Corporate; 
(f) 
Subordinated European Insurance Corporate; 
(g) 
Emerging European Corporate; 
(h) 
Japan Corporate; 
(i) 
Japan Financial Corporate; 
(j) 
Japan Sovereign; 
(k) 
Singapore Corporate; 
(l) 
Singapore Financial Corporate; 
(m) 
Asia Corporate; 
(n) 
Asia Financial Corporate; 
(o) 
Asia Sovereign; 
(p) 
Emerging European & Middle Eastern Sovereign; 
(q) 
Western European Sovereign; 
(r) 
Latin America Corporate B;

--- Page 644 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
616 
 
(s) 
Latin America Corporate BL; 
(t) 
Latin America Sovereign; 
(u) 
Australia Corporate; 
(v) 
Australia Financial Corporate; 
(w) 
Australia Sovereign; 
(x) 
New Zealand Corporate; 
(y) 
New Zealand Financial Corporate; 
(z) 
New Zealand Sovereign, 
and any other Transaction Type which may be added to the Physical Settlement Matrix from 
time to time. 
Trigger Percentage means, in respect of a CoCo Reference Entity, the trigger percentage 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms (or if no such trigger percentage is specified, 5.25 per 
cent.). 
Ukraine Reference Entity means a Reference Entity which is the Republic of Ukraine and to 
which the "Additional Provisions for the Republic of Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and 
Excluded Deliverable Obligations", as published by ISDA on 11 April 2016, is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Undeliverable Assets has the meaning given to it in Credit Linked Condition 17(k) (LA 
Physical Redemption Terms). 
Undeliverable Deliverable Obligations has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 17(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms). 
Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount means, in respect of each Local Access Credit 
Linked Note, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in the Settlement Currency equal 
to the greater of 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
the product of: 
(i) 
the Applicable Proportion; and 
(ii) 
(x) the LA Recovery Amount or (y) where Fixed Recovery is applicable, the 
Fixed Recovery Percentage, 
minus each Credit Linked Note's pro rata share of the Unwind Costs, if any (but excluding any 
Unwind Costs already taken into account in calculating the principal amount of the relevant LA 
Settlement Assets to deliver). 
Undelivered Deliverable Obligation has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 17(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms). 
Underlying Obligation means, with respect to a Guarantee, the Obligation which is the subject 
of the Guarantee. 
Underlying Obligor means, with respect to an Underlying Obligation, the issuer in the case of 
a Bond, the borrower in the case of a Loan, or the principal obligor in the case of any other 
Underlying Obligation. 
Universal Successor has the meaning given in the definition of Successor.

--- Page 645 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
617 
 
Unwind Costs means, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the sum of (without duplication) all costs, fees, 
charges, expenses (including loss of funding), tax and duties incurred by the Issuer and/or any 
of its Affiliates in connection with the redemption of the Credit Linked Notes and (if the Issuer 
has elected to hedge its exposure) the related termination, settlement or re-establishment of any 
hedge or related trading position. 
Valuation Date means: 
(a) 
if "Single Valuation Date" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, subject to the 
provisions of Credit Linked Condition 21(d) (Redemption Suspension), the date that is 
the number of Business Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms after (i) the Event 
Determination Date (where the Event Determination Date does not occur pursuant to 
sub-paragraph (a)(ii) of the definition of "Standard Event Determination Date" or sub-
paragraph (b)(i) of the definition of "Non-Standard Event Determination Date"); (ii) the 
day on which the DC Credit Event Announcement occurs (where no Standard Exercise 
Cut-off Date or Non Standard Exercise Cut-off Date applies in order for the Event 
Determination Date to occur) or the relevant Standard Exercise Cut-off Date or Non 
Standard Exercise Cut-off Date, as applicable (where Standard Exercise Cut-off Date or 
Non Standard Exercise Cut-off Date applies in order for the Event Determination Date 
to occur), in each case where the Event Determination Date occurs pursuant to sub-
paragraph (a)(ii) of the definition of "Standard Event Determination Date" or sub-
paragraph (b)(i) of the definition of "Non-Standard Event Determination Date" or (iii) 
the Auction Cancellation Date or No Auction Announcement Date where Fallback 
Redemption Method applies; and (iv) if the number of Business Days is not so specified, 
any day falling on or before the 90th Business Day following the applicable date referred 
to in (i), (ii) or (iii) above; 
(b) 
if "Multiple Valuation Dates" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, subject to the 
provisions of Credit Linked Condition 21(d) (Redemption Suspension), each of the 
following dates: 
(i) 
the date that is the number of Business Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
after (i) the Event Determination Date (where the Event Determination Date does 
not occur pursuant to sub-paragraph (a)(ii) of the definition of "Standard Event 
Determination Date" or sub-paragraph (b)(i) of the definition of "Non-Standard 
Event Determination Date"); (ii) the day on which the DC Credit Event 
Announcement occurs (where no Standard Exercise Cut-off Date or Non Standard 
Exercise Cut-off Date applies in order for the Event Determination Date to occur) 
or the relevant Standard Exercise Cut-off Date or Non Standard Exercise Cut-off 
Date, as applicable (where Standard Exercise Cut-off Date or Non Standard 
Exercise Cut-off Date applies in order for the Event Determination Date to occur), 
in each case where the Event Determination Date occurs pursuant to sub-
paragraph (a)(ii) of the definition of "Standard Event Determination Date" or sub-
paragraph (b)(i) of the definition of "Non-Standard Event Determination Date" or 
(iii) the Auction Cancellation Date or No Auction Announcement Date where 
Fallback Redemption Method applies; and (iv) if the number of Business Days is 
not specified, 5 Business Days following the applicable date referred to in (i), (ii) 
or (iii) above); and 
(ii) 
each successive date that is the number of Business Days specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms (or if the number of Business Days is not so specified, 5 Business 
Days) after the date on which the Calculation Agent obtains a Market Value with 
respect to the immediately preceding Valuation Date. 
When "Multiple Valuation Dates" is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the total 
number of Valuation Dates shall be equal to the number of Valuation Dates specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms (or, if the number of Valuation Dates is not so specified, five 
Valuation Dates).

--- Page 646 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 15 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
618 
 
(c) 
if neither "Single Valuation Date" nor "Multiple Valuation Dates" is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the terms of sub-paragraph (a) of this definition shall apply as if 
"Single Valuation Date" had been specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Valuation Method means: 
(a) 
where there is only one Valuation Date, Highest, Lowest or Market, as specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
(b) 
where there is more than one Valuation Date, Average Highest, Average Market or 
Highest, as specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
where: 
(i) 
Average Highest means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the highest Quotations 
obtained by the Calculation Agent (or in accordance with sub-paragraph (b) of the 
definition of "Quotation") with respect to each Valuation Date; 
(ii) 
Average Market means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the Market Values 
determined by the Calculation Agent with respect to each Valuation Date;  
(iii) 
Highest means the highest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent (or in 
accordance with sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of "Quotation") with respect to any 
Valuation Date; 
(iv) 
Lowest means the lowest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent (or in accordance 
with sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of "Quotation") with respect to any Valuation 
Date; and 
(v) 
Market means the Market Value determined by the Calculation Agent with respect to 
the Valuation Date. 
Notwithstanding sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) of this definition, if Quotations include fewer than 
two Full Quotations, the Valuation Method shall be Market or Average Market, as the case may 
be. 
Valuation Obligation means, where Cash Redemption applies, an obligation, as selected by 
the Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, provided 
such obligations(s) is either a Reference Obligation and/or would constitute a Deliverable 
Obligation as at the Valuation Date. 
Valuation Time means the time specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if no such time 
is specified, the time determined by the Calculation Agent, which shall be as close as reasonably 
practicable to 11:00 a.m. in the principal trading market for the Deliverable Obligation or 
Valuation Obligation, as the case may be, unless the Calculation Agent determines that such 
principal trading market would be closed at such time or such transactions are not being 
conducted in sufficient volume (as determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting 
in a commercially reasonable manner) at such time, in which event the Valuation Time shall be 
such other time as may be specified by the Calculation Agent that such principal market is open. 
Voting Shares means the shares or other interests that have the power to elect the board of 
directors or similar governing body of an entity. 
Weighted Average Final Price means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and 
each Settled Entity, the amount specified in respect of such Settled Entity in the Settled Entity 
Matrix.

--- Page 647 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 16 – INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS 
619 
 
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 16 – INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS 
The following are the conditions (the Index Skew Conditions) that will apply to the Notes if the relevant 
Issue Terms provide that "Index Skew Notes" are applicable (the Index Skew Notes). These Index Skew 
Conditions apply as completed by the relevant Final Terms or as completed, modified and/or 
supplemented by the relevant Pricing Supplement, as applicable. In the case of any inconsistency 
between these Index Skew Conditions and the General Conditions, these Index Skew Conditions will 
prevail. For the avoidance of doubt, any clarificatory language herein in bold and italicised shall not 
form part of the Index Skew Conditions. 
Words and expressions defined or used in the relevant Issue Terms shall have the same meanings where 
used in these Index Skew Conditions or General Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or 
unless otherwise stated. The definitions and provisions contained in the 2014 ISDA Definitions are 
incorporated into and will apply to these Index Skew Conditions. All capitalised terms that are not 
defined in these Index Skew Conditions or elsewhere in the General Conditions applicable to the Index 
Skew Notes will have the meanings given to them in the relevant Issue Terms. References in these Index 
Skew Conditions to "Index Skew Notes" are to the Index Skew Notes, as the case may be, of one Series 
only, not to all Index Skew Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
Unless otherwise specified, references in these Index Skew Conditions to an Index Skew Condition are 
to the corresponding provision of these Index Skew Conditions. 
1. 
Principal and Interest Payouts on Index Skew Notes 
(a) 
Introduction 
Index Skew Notes are Notes pursuant to which the Issuer is deemed to have hypothetically 
entered into two separate Hypothetical Skew Transactions (together referred to as an Index 
Skew Position) under which the Issuer is a buyer of credit protection under one Hypothetical 
Skew Transaction and the seller of credit protection under the other Hypothetical Skew 
Transaction, such that following the occurrence of a Credit Event in respect of a Reference 
Entity referenced under both Hypothetical Skew Transactions, the Issuer's exposure under both 
Hypothetical Skew Transactions taken together offset each other. As a result, the payments 
required to be made by or to the Issuer under such Hypothetical Skew Transactions are intended 
to be zero due to the application of payment netting. 
However, if the Hypothetical Skew Transactions were to terminate early due to an early 
redemption of the Index Skew Notes, a termination payment would be determined in respect of 
each Hypothetical Skew Transaction and this may result in an amount being payable either to 
or by the Issuer. Such amount, less any unwind costs, will be reflected in the amount payable to 
Securityholders upon the early redemption of the Index Skew Notes.  
(b) 
Accrual of Interest  
If the relevant Issue Terms specify that interest is payable in respect of Index Skew Notes, then 
interest shall accrue on the Index Skew Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount in accordance 
with General Condition 5 (Interest) from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to 
(but excluding) the earlier of (a) the Scheduled Maturity Date; and (b) an Early Redemption 
Date or Optional Redemption Date, as applicable, which results in the Index Skew Notes being 
redeemed in full, and payment of the relevant interest amount shall be made on such date. The 
occurrence of an Event Determination Date in respect of a Reference Entity referenced by the 
relevant Hypothetical Skew Transactions shall not result in a writedown of the Index Skew 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount. 
For the avoidance of doubt, interest shall continue to accrue and be payable on the Index 
Skew Notes as above regardless of the occurrence of an Event Determination Date in respect 
of a Reference Entity referenced by the relevant Hypothetical Skew Transactions. No interest 
shall accrue on any Index Skew Note on or after the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(c) 
Redemption on the Maturity Date

--- Page 648 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 16 – INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS 
620 
 
Unless the Index Skew Notes have been previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled 
by the Issuer, each Outstanding Index Skew Note shall be redeemed in accordance with General 
Condition 6(a) (Final Redemption or Termination).  
(d) 
Early Redemption of the Index Skew Notes 
Unless previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, following the occurrence of any 
of the events set out in General Condition 6(b) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons and 
Redemption for Illegality), Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(h) (Early Redemption Events), 
General Condition 6(e) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) or General Condition 11 
(Events of Default); the Issuer will redeem each Outstanding Index Skew Note in full by 
payment of the Index Skew Early Redemption Amount on the Early Redemption Date or 
Optional Redemption Date, as applicable, in accordance with the General Conditions.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the occurrence of one or more Credit Events in respect of the 
Reference Entities referenced by each Hypothetical Skew Transaction will not result in the 
early redemption of the Index Skew Notes and no actual amounts will be payable to the 
Securityholders under or in connection with the Index Skew Notes. In such circumstance, 
the payment under each Hypothetical Skew Transaction is intended to be equal to zero due 
to the application of payment netting.  
2. 
Entry into an Index Skew Position 
(a) 
On the Issue Date, the Issuer is deemed to have entered into an Index Skew Position with the 
Hypothetical Swap Counterparty. 
(b) 
An "Index Skew Position" will be constituted by the following Hypothetical Skew 
Transactions: 
(i) 
a Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction; and 
(ii) 
a Hypothetical Single Name Set, 
provided that the Issuer shall be the buyer of credit protection under one Hypothetical Skew 
Transaction and the seller of credit protection under the other Hypothetical Skew Transaction. 
(c) 
In each Index Skew Position, the Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction and Hypothetical 
Single Name Set will be referred to as "related" or "corresponding" to each other, and the 
relevant Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction and Hypothetical Single Name 
Transactions will be the "constituent Hypothetical Skew Transactions" in respect of such 
Index Skew Position.  
(d) 
In order to preserve the equal and opposite effect of each Hypothetical Skew Transaction, save 
in the case of any calculation relating to the Hypothetical Swap Termination Value, any 
determination or action taken by the Calculation Agent and/or the Issuer under any Hypothetical 
Skew Transaction shall be deemed to be a determination or action taken under the other 
Hypothetical Skew Transaction and where relevant, in equal amounts. 
3. 
Initial Payment and Offsetting Settlements 
(a) 
No Initial Payment Amount will be made by the Issuer or the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty 
on the Issue Date. 
(b) 
The hypothetical payment obligations of the Issuer and the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty 
(where applicable) in connection with a Fixed Rate Payer Payment Date and related Fixed 
Amounts, the Auction Settlement Date or Cash Settlement Date (as applicable) with respect to 
the occurrence of a Credit Event and related Event Determination Date in respect of a 
Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction and an off-setting Hypothetical Single Name 
Transaction will be equal and opposite, and therefore no net amount in respect thereof would be 
hypothetically payable by the Issuer to the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty or vice versa under 
or in connection with the Index Skew Notes as a result thereof due to the application of payment 
netting.

--- Page 649 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 16 – INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS 
621 
 
4. 
Applicable Event Determination Date 
Notwithstanding the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, an Event Determination Date 
will only occur in relation to the constituent Hypothetical Skew Transaction where a Credit 
Event Resolution Request Date has occurred and a DC Credit Event Announcement is made in 
relation to any Reference Entity under the constituent Hypothetical Swap Transaction. 
5. 
Cash Settlement 
Where "Fallback Settlement" applies, for the purposes of calculating any Hypothetical Swap 
Transaction Value, the Calculation Agent may (but shall not be obliged to) apply Cash 
Settlement to determine the Final Price for the relevant component of the Index Untranched 
Transaction and the corresponding Single Name Transaction referencing the same Reference 
Entity. In such circumstances, the Cash Settlement Amount relating to the relevant component 
of the Index Untranched Transaction and the corresponding Single Name Transaction 
referencing the same Reference Entity shall be determined on the basis of the same quotation 
resulting in the same Final Price. 
6. 
Merger of Reference Entity and Seller 
Section 11.4 (Merger of Reference Entity and Seller) of the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions will not apply to any Hypothetical Skew Transaction.  
7. 
Deemed M(M)R Restructuring 
Upon the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring with respect to a Reference Entity referenced 
by the constituent Hypothetical Skew Transaction, the Calculation Agent and/or the Issuer under 
each Hypothetical Skew Transaction shall not be able to deliver multiple Credit Event Notices 
with respect to such M(M)R Restructuring but instead the Calculation Agent will be deemed to 
have delivered to the Issuer (and, in turn, the Issuer will be deemed to have delivered to the 
Hypothetical Swap Counterparty) a single Credit Event Notice for the total Floating Rate Payer 
Calculation Amount in respect of such Reference Entity (and not a portion thereof) with respect 
to each Hypothetical Skew Transaction and such amount shall be deemed to be the Exercise 
Amount.  
8. 
Successors 
(a) 
Following a succession, if more than one Successor has been identified in relation to any 
Reference Entity under each Hypothetical Skew Transaction pursuant to Section 2.2 (Provisions 
for Determining a Successor) of the Credit Derivatives Definitions, each such Successor will be 
a Reference Entity (a Successor Reference Entity) for the purposes of the constituent 
Hypothetical Skew Transactions referencing such Reference Entity (and, for the avoidance of 
doubt, the original Reference Entity shall cease to be a Reference Entity except where it is a 
Successor Reference Entity). 
(b) 
In the case where the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee does not identify any 
Successor in relation to any Reference Entity under a relevant Hypothetical Single Name 
Transaction and the Index Sponsor identifies one or more Successors in relation to any 
Reference Entity under the Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction, the identification of 
such Successor will also be deemed to apply to the relevant Hypothetical Single Name 
Transaction relating to such Reference Entity.  
(c) 
Where a Credit Event occurs in respect of a Reference Entity after such Succession Date, the 
Index Skew Notes will not be redeemed (in whole or in part) and will continue to remain 
Outstanding in an amount equal to the Index Skew Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount 
(disregarding the effect of a succession) and interest shall continue to accrue in accordance with 
Condition 5 (Interest) of the General Conditions. 
9. 
Reference Obligations 
Where there is no Standard Reference Obligation and the Index Sponsor publishes a replacement 
Reference Obligation in relation to any Reference Entity under the Hypothetical Index

--- Page 650 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 16 – INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS 
622 
 
Untranched Transaction, the identification of such Reference Obligation will also be deemed to 
apply to the relevant Hypothetical Single Name Transaction. Where a Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation applies to the constituent Index Skew Transactions, the same Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation will apply with respect to the relevant Reference Entity for the 
Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction and each Hypothetical Single Name Transaction in 
the related Hypothetical Single Name Set. 
10. 
Changes in determination 
If any matter to be determined by a party hereunder has also been determined by the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee then such party may, in its sole discretion, make 
its determination or change any determination previously made by it so as to be consistent with 
the relevant determination of such Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee, provided that 
any such determination or change in determination shall be applied equally to the constituent 
Hypothetical Skew Transactions in order to achieve the same economic effect under each such 
Hypothetical Skew Transaction. 
11. 
Deemed changes to the Index Annex 
If there are deemed changes to the Index Annex with respect to the Eligible Index, the same 
changes shall be applied equally to the constituent Hypothetical Skew Transactions in order to 
achieve the same economic effect under each such Hypothetical Skew Transaction. 
12. 
Optional Early Redemption 
If the Issuer exercises its option to early redeem the Index Skew Notes in accordance with 
General Condition 6(e) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer), then notwithstanding anything 
to the contrary in the Conditions, the Optional Redemption Amount shall be the Index Skew 
Early Redemption Amount.  
13. 
Definitions 
The following definitions which relate to the Index Skew Notes should be read in conjunction 
with the Index Skew Conditions. Where terms are used but not defined in these Index Skew 
Conditions, they will have the meaning given to them in the General Conditions. 
2014 ISDA Definitions means the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, as published by 
ISDA, as amended and supplemented from time to time (including pursuant to the 2019 
Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Supplement). 
2019 Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Supplement means a supplement to the Credit 
Derivatives Definitions which replaces the definitions of "Outstanding Principal Balance" and 
"Failure to Pay" under the Credit Derivatives Definitions and sets out guidance on the 
interpretation of the definition of "Failure to Pay" where "Credit Deterioration Requirement" is 
applicable. 
Eligible Index means, in respect of a Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction, any credit 
index as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion and as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms.  
Index Skew Early Redemption Amount means, in respect of each Index Skew Note, an 
amount determined by the Calculation Agent (subject to a minimum of zero) in the Settlement 
Currency equal to such Index Skew Note's pro rata share of: 
(a) 
the Index Skew Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount; plus 
(b) 
accrued, but unpaid, interest on such Index Skew Notes to (but excluding) the Early 
Redemption Date or Optional Redemption Date, as applicable; plus 
(c) 
the Hypothetical Swap Termination Value (where it is positive); minus 
(d) 
the Hypothetical Swap Termination Value (where it is negative); minus

--- Page 651 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 16 – INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS 
623 
 
(e) 
unwind costs, if any, 
in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Index Skew Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount means, in respect of Index Skew 
Notes, on any day, an amount equal to the original aggregate nominal amount of such Index 
Skew Notes, as adjusted for any partial redemptions, amortisations, cancellations or further 
issues of the Index Skew Notes of such Series on or prior to such date. 
Hypothetical Index Untranched Swap Confirmation means a confirmation in respect of and 
evidencing a Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction that: 
(a) 
is deemed to be documented under the "Documentation Form" specified in the Issue 
Terms; 
(b) 
incorporates the 2014 ISDA Definitions and any relevant supplements set out in the Issue 
Terms; and  
(c) 
with respect to any Reference Entity referenced in the Eligible Index, has the terms as 
set out in the "Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction General Terms" as specified 
in the  Issue Terms. 
Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction means a hypothetical index untranched credit 
derivative transaction under which the Issuer is the buyer of credit protection (where the Issuer 
is the seller of credit protection under the corresponding Hypothetical Single Name Set) or the 
seller of credit protection (where the Issuer is the buyer of credit protection under the 
corresponding Hypothetical Single Name Set) that: 
(a) 
references an Eligible Index; 
(b) 
is denominated in the currency in which such Eligible Index trades; and 
(c) 
has an Original Notional Amount set out in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Hypothetical ISDA Master Agreement means a hypothetical single agreement in the pre-
printed form of the 2002 ISDA Master Agreement and Schedule thereto hypothetically entered 
into between the Issuer and the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty on the Issue Date, with the 
following elections in such Schedule: 
(a) 
Termination Currency is the Settlement Currency of the Index Skew Notes; 
(b) 
the governing law is English law; and  
(c) 
the Calculation Agent is specified as the "Calculation Agent". 
Hypothetical Single Name Set means a set of Hypothetical Single Name Transactions. 
Hypothetical Single Name Swap Confirmation means a confirmation in respect of and 
evidencing a Hypothetical Single Name Transaction that: 
(a) 
deemed to be documented under the "Documentation Form" specified in the Issue Terms; 
(b) 
incorporates the 2014 ISDA Definitions and any relevant supplements set out in the Issue 
Terms; and  
(c) 
with respect to any Reference Entity referenced in the Eligible Index, has the terms as 
set out in the "Hypothetical Single Name Transaction General Terms" as specified in the 
Issue Terms. 
Hypothetical Single Name Transaction means a hypothetical single name credit derivative 
transaction under which the Issuer is either the buyer of credit protection (where the Issuer is 
the seller of credit protection under the corresponding Hypothetical Index Untranched

--- Page 652 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 16 – INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS 
624 
 
Transaction) or the seller of credit protection (where the Issuer is the buyer of credit protection 
under the corresponding Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction) that: 
(a) 
references one of the Reference Entities and related Reference Obligations contained in 
the Eligible Index referenced by the corresponding Hypothetical Index Untranched 
Transaction and specified as one of the Reference Entities in the Hypothetical Index 
Untranched Swap Confirmation; 
(b) 
in aggregate, together with other constituent Hypothetical Single Name Transactions in 
the relevant Hypothetical Single Name Set, offset the exposure of the corresponding 
Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction;  
(c) 
is denominated in the currency in which such Eligible Index trades; and 
(d) 
has a Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount as set out in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Hypothetical Skew Confirmation means the Hypothetical Index Untranched Swap 
Confirmation and the Hypothetical Single Name Swap Confirmation, each of which will be 
deemed to supplement, form part of and be subject to, the Hypothetical ISDA Master 
Agreement. 
Hypothetical Skew Transaction means, at any time, the Hypothetical Index Untranched 
Transaction and each Hypothetical Single Name Transaction within the Hypothetical Single 
Name Set, to the extent outstanding at such time. Each outstanding Hypothetical Skew 
Transaction will be deemed to constitute a Transaction under and for the purposes of the 
Hypothetical ISDA Master Agreement for as long as it is outstanding (and shall be the only 
Transactions under the Hypothetical ISDA Master Agreement).  
Hypothetical Swap Counterparty means a hypothetical entity with materially the same 
market, accounting, tax and regulatory profile as Citibank, N.A. (or one of its branches), 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited or such other entity as specified in the Issue Terms.  
Hypothetical Swap Termination Value means an amount (which may be positive or negative), 
denominated in the Settlement Currency and determined by the Calculation Agent as of the date 
of the event triggering early redemption of the Index Skew Notes pursuant to General Condition 
6(b) (Redemption for Taxation Reasons and Redemption for Illegality), Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(h) (Early Redemption Events), General Condition 6(e) (Redemption at 
the Option of the Issuer) or General Condition 11 (Events of Default), equal to the amount which 
would hypothetically be payable in connection with Section 6(e) (Payments on Early 
Termination) of the Hypothetical ISDA Master Agreement as if: 
(a) 
an Additional Termination Event had occurred in respect of which the Issuer is the sole 
Affected Party and all Transactions are Affected Transactions;  
(b) 
an Early Termination Date has been validly designated in connection with such 
Additional Termination Event; and  
(c) 
there were no Unpaid Amounts as of such Early Redemption Date or Optional 
Redemption Date, as applicable.  
The Hypothetical Swap Termination Value will be expressed as (x) a positive number if it would 
be hypothetically payable by the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty to the Issuer, and (y) a 
negative number if it would hypothetically be payable by the Issuer to the Hypothetical Swap 
Counterparty. The terms "Additional Termination Event", "Affected Party", "Affected 
Transactions", "Early Termination Date", "Transactions" and "Unpaid Amounts" will have the 
meaning given to them in the Hypothetical ISDA Master Agreement.   
Index Skew Position has the meaning given to it in Index Skew Condition 2 (Entry into an 
Index Skew Position). 
Scheduled Maturity Date means, in respect of an issue of Index Skew Notes, the date specified 
as such in the relevant Issue Terms.

--- Page 653 ---
UNDERLYING SCHEDULE 16 – INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS 
625 
 
Settlement Currency means the currency specified in the relevant Issue Terms, or if no 
currency is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Specified Currency of the Index Skew 
Notes.

--- Page 654 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
626 
 
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
This Valuation and Settlement Schedule shall apply to each Tranche of Securities. 
All determinations, considerations, elections, selections, conversions (actual or notional) or calculations 
made or decided on in relation to matters set out in this Valuation and Settlement Schedule will be 
determined, considered, elected, selected, converted or calculated by the Calculation Agent. 
Each defined term used in this Valuation and Settlement Schedule or in the applicable Issue Terms may 
be included more than once in the applicable Issue Terms and may be attributed a numerical or letter 
suffix value when so included in the applicable Issue Terms. Without limitation, the suffix can be denoted 
as "n", "t" or "i". Each suffix may denote that the relevant term relates to a specific Underlying, item, 
amount, date, or other variable associated with that suffix in order to differentiate such term for each 
identical term which has a different suffix, but will not otherwise amend the meaning of such term. 
For example, an Interest Payment Date may appear as "Interest Payment Date 1" or "Interest Payment 
Date 2" and so on for each Interest Payment Date, or "Interest Payment Date n" (where n=1, 2…and so 
on), in each case when set out in the applicable Issue Terms. Related terms may also include such suffix; 
e.g. "Interest Barrier Level 1" and "Interest Barrier Event 1" could each pertain to Interest Payment Date 
1, "Interest Barrier Level 2" and "Interest Barrier Event 2" could each pertain to Interest Payment Date 
2, and so on. Similarly, by way of further example, a Mandatory Early Redemption Date may appear as 
"Mandatory Early Redemption Date 1" or "Mandatory Early Redemption Date 2" and so on for each 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date, or "Mandatory Early Redemption Date n" (where n=1, 2….and so 
on), in each case when set out in the applicable Issue Terms. Related terms may also include such suffix; 
e.g. "Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level 1" and "Mandatory Early Redemption Event 1" could 
each pertain to Mandatory Early Redemption Date 1, "Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level 2" 
and "Mandatory Early Redemption Event 2" could each pertain to Mandatory Early Redemption Date 2, 
and so on. The foregoing are examples only: other defined terms set out below and in the Issue terms 
may also be included more than once in the applicable Issue Terms and may be attributed a numerical or 
letter suffix value when so included in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If the relevant Security is in the form of a Note, each reference to a Security in this Valuation and 
Settlement Schedule shall be construed as a reference to a Note representing a principal amount equal to 
the Calculation Amount for purposes of all calculations and determinations hereunder (save unless 
explicitly provided otherwise). Correspondingly, in such case, each reference in the Issue Terms to "per 
Security" shall be construed as a reference to a "Note representing a principal amount equal to the 
Calculation Amount". 
1. 
Interest and Redemption Provisions 
1.1 
Definitions 
(a) 
Definitions relating to interest 
(i) 
Definitions relating to Dates 
Interest Payment Date means each date specified as such in the Table set out in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
Range Accrual Determination Date means, as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, a Business Day or calendar day.  
Specified Interest Barrier Observation Date means:  
(A) 
where the Securities are not specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be 
Range Accrual Securities and in respect of an Interest Payment Date, each 
date or dates specified as such for such Interest Payment Date in the Table 
set out in the applicable Issue Terms. Each such date shall be deemed to 
be a Specified Valuation Date and shall be adjusted as provided in these 
Valuation and Settlement Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms, and 
each such date, as so adjusted, an "Interest Barrier Observation Date"; 
or

--- Page 655 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
627 
 
(B) 
where the Securities are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be 
Range Accrual Securities and in respect of an Interest Period, each Range 
Accrual Determination Date falling from (and including) the first day of 
such Interest Period to (but excluding) the day falling the Cut-Off Number 
of Business Days prior to the last day of such Interest Period (the Accrual 
Cut-Off Date) and in respect of each Range Accrual Determination Date 
falling from (and including) the Accrual Cut-Off Date to (and including) 
the last day of such Interest Period, the Accrual Cut-Off Date shall be a 
Specified Interest Barrier Observation Date for such day. Each such date 
shall be deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date and: 
(1) 
where Range Accrual Value What You Can Observation is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, if, in respect 
of an Interest Barrier Underlying, any such date is not a Scheduled 
Trading Day for such Interest Barrier Underlying or is a Disrupted 
Day for such Interest Barrier Underlying, then such date shall be 
the immediately preceding Range Accrual Determination Date that 
is a Scheduled Trading Day for such Interest Barrier Underlying 
and is not a Disrupted Day for such Interest Barrier Underlying, 
and each such date, as so adjusted, an "Interest Barrier 
Observation Date". For the avoidance of doubt, an Interest Barrier 
Observation Date may be the Interest Barrier Observation Date for 
more than one Range Accrual Determination Date; or 
(2) 
where Range Accrual Move In Block Observation is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, if any such date is not a 
Scheduled Trading Day for all Interest Barrier Underlying(s) or is 
a Disrupted Day for any Interest Barrier Underlying, then such date 
shall be the immediately preceding Range Accrual Determination 
Date that is a Scheduled Trading Day for all Interest Barrier 
Underlying(s) and is not a Disrupted Day for any Interest Barrier 
Underlying(s), and each such date, as so adjusted, an "Interest 
Barrier Observation Date". For the avoidance of doubt, an 
Interest Barrier Observation Date may be the Interest Barrier 
Observation Date for more than one Range Accrual Determination 
Date. 
Specified Interest Strike Date means, in respect of an Underlying, each date or 
dates specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. Each such date shall be 
deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date and shall be adjusted as provided in 
these Valuation and Settlement Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms, and 
each such date, as so adjusted, an "Interest Strike Date". 
Specified Interest Valuation Date means, in respect of an Interest Payment 
Date, each date designated as such for such Interest Payment Date in the Table 
set out in the applicable Issue Terms. Each such date shall be deemed to be a 
Specified Valuation Date and shall be adjusted as provided in these Valuation and 
Settlement Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms, and each such date, as so 
adjusted, an "Interest Valuation Date".  
(ii) 
Definitions relating to the Interest Underlying(s), the performance of the 
Interest Underlying(s) and levels of the Interest Underlying(s) 
A means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, which 
percentage may be 0 (zero) per cent. 
Absolute Value or Abs means the positive percentage or decimal or numerical 
value of the percentage or decimal or number, as the case may be, without regard 
to its sign (thus for example the Absolute Value of -19 per cent. would be 19 per 
cent. and the Absolute Value of 19 per cent. would be 19 per cent.).

--- Page 656 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
628 
 
B means the decimal specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, which 
decimal may be 0 (zero). 
Best Oasis Performer means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date:  
(A) 
if "Oasis – Best Performing Only" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Interest Underlying with the highest (which shall, if, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, two or more Interest Underlyings 
are equal highest, be determined in accordance with the Equality 
Adjustment) Oasis Interim Percentage for such Interest Payment Date; or 
(B) 
if "Oasis – Multiple Best Performing" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, each Interest Underlying which has one of the X highest Oasis 
Interim Percentages, determined by the Calculation Agent by ranking each 
of the Interest Underlyings in order of their Oasis Interim Percentage in 
respect of such Interest Payment Date from highest to lowest, where (i) the 
Interest Underlying with the highest Oasis Interim Percentage will be 
"Oasis Best Performer 1", (ii) the Interest Underlying with the second 
highest Oasis Interim Percentage will be "Oasis Best Performer 2", and 
so on until (iii) the Interest Underlying with the X highest Oasis Interim 
Percentage will be "Oasis Best Performer X", 
PROVIDED THAT, if any two or more Interest Underlyings have an equal Oasis 
Percentage in respect of such Interest Payment Date, the highest of such Interest 
Underlyings shall be determined in accordance with the Equality Adjustment. 
Cross Rate I Designated Page means, in respect of an Interest Underlying and 
the FX for such Interest Underlying, such page as is specified for such Interest 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Cross Rate II Designated Page means, in respect of an Interest Underlying and 
the FX for such Interest Underlying, such page as is specified for such Interest 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Cross Rate I Designated Time means, in respect of an Interest Underlying and 
the FX for such Underlying, the time specified for such Interest Underlying in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Cross Rate II Designated Time means, in respect of an Interest Underlying and 
the FX for such Underlying, the time specified for such Interest Underlying in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Designated Page means, in respect of an Interest Underlying and the FX for such 
Interest Underlying, such page as is specified for such Interest Underlying in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Designated Time means, in respect of an Interest Underlying and the FX for such 
Interest Underlying, the time specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.  
Equality Adjustment means that, in respect of two or more performances, levels 
or values determined by the Calculation Agent to be equally high or low, the 
Calculation Agent will deem any of such equal highest or lowest performances, 
levels or values to be the highest or lowest performance, level or value, in its 
discretion. 
FX means, for the purpose of this Condition 1.1(a) (Definitions relating to 
interest), where FX Provisions are specified as applicable in respect of the Interest 
Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, (a) in respect of an Interest Underlying 
and the level or value (as provided on the applicable Electronic Page (as defined 
in Condition 2 (Underlying Valuation Provisions) below)) of which is expressed 
or determined to be in a currency other than the Specified Currency, (being in the 
case of Dual Currency Securities, the Denomination Currency) (the Relevant

--- Page 657 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
629 
 
Currency), either: (i) where Quanto Provisions are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the rate specified for such Interest Underlying in the 
applicable Issue Terms; or (ii) where Compo FX Provisions are specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the average of the mid Relevant 
Currency/Specified Currency exchange rates quoted on the Designated Page at 
the Designated Time on the or each relevant Valuation Date (or such other page 
or service that may replace the Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the 
mid Relevant Currency/Specified Currency exchange rate or any other page or 
service as the Calculation Agent may select for this purpose which displays such 
exchange rate) at such time(s) on the or each relevant Valuation Date as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine (expressed as the number of units of the 
Relevant Currency (or part thereof) for which one unit of the Specified Currency 
can be exchanged) PROVIDED THAT if any such FX cannot be determined as 
specified above it shall be determined by the Calculation Agent at such time(s) 
and by reference to such source(s) as it deems appropriate; or (b) otherwise, 1,  
PROVIDED THAT: (x) if Reciprocal Rate is specified in respect of such Interest 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms, FX shall be 1 divided by the rate 
calculated pursuant to the above (rounded to four decimal places); or (y) if Cross 
Rate is specified in respect of such Interest Underlying in the applicable Issue 
Terms, FX shall be the average of the mid Cross Rate A Currency/Cross Rate B 
Currency exchange rates quoted on the Cross Rate I Designated Page at the Cross 
Rate I Designated Time on the or each relevant Valuation Date (or such other 
page or service that may replace the Cross Rate I Designated Page for the purpose 
of displaying the mid Cross Rate A Currency/Cross Rate B Currency exchange 
rate or any other page or service as the Calculation Agent may select for this 
purpose which displays such exchange rate) at such time(s) on the or each relevant 
Valuation Date as the Calculation Agent shall determine (all rounded to four 
decimal places) divided by Cross Rate A Currency/Cross Rate C Currency 
exchange rates quoted on the Cross Rate II Designated Page at the Cross Rate II 
Designated Time on the or each relevant Valuation Date (or such other page or 
service that may replace the Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the 
mid Cross Rate A Currency/Cross Rate C Currency exchange rate or any other 
page or service as the Calculation Agent may select for this purpose which 
displays such exchange rate) at such time(s) on the or each relevant Valuation 
Date as the Calculation Agent shall determine (all rounded to four decimal places) 
PROVIDED THAT if any such FX cannot be determined as specified above it 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent at such time(s) and by reference to 
such source(s) as it deems appropriate.  
FX Performance means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, an amount 
expressed as a percentage and determined in accordance with the following 
formula: 
𝐹𝑋 𝑝𝑒𝑟𝑓 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙
𝐹𝑋 𝑝𝑒𝑟𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 
where, 
FX Perf Final means: 
(a) 
where an Underlying that is an FX Rate is designated to be the FX Perf 
Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, the Underlying Closing Level of such 
Underlying for the Specified Interest Valuation Date relating to that 
Interest Payment Date (or, if more than one such date is specified, the last 
occurring Specified Interest Valuation Date relating to that Interest 
Payment Date); or 
(b) 
where no Underlying that is an FX Rate is designated to be the FX Perf 
Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, the average of the mid FX Perf A 
Currency/FX Perf B Currency exchange rates quoted on the FX Perf

--- Page 658 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
630 
 
Designated Page at the FX Perf Designated Time on the Final FX Perf 
Valuation Date (or such other page or service that may replace the FX Perf 
Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the mid FX Perf A 
Currency/FX Perf B Currency exchange rate or any other page or service 
as the Calculation Agent may select for this purpose which displays such 
exchange rate) at such time(s) on the Final FX Perf Valuation Date as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine PROVIDED THAT if such rate cannot 
be determined as specified in this sub-paragraph (b) it shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent at such time(s) and by reference to such source(s) 
as it deems appropriate,  
PROVIDED THAT: (x) if Reciprocal Rate is specified in respect of such FX Perf 
Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, FX Perf Final shall be 1 divided by the rate 
calculated pursuant to as provided above in this sub-paragraph (b) (rounded to 
four decimal places); and (y) if FX Perf Cross Rate is specified in respect of such 
FX Perf Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, FX Perf Final shall be the average of 
the mid FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate B Currency exchange 
rates quoted on the FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Page at the FX Perf Cross 
Rate I Designated Time on the Final FX Perf Valuation Date (or such other page 
or service that may replace the FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Page for the 
purpose of displaying the mid FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate 
B Currency exchange rate or any other page or service as the Calculation Agent 
may select for this purpose which displays such exchange rate) at such time(s) on 
the Final FX Perf Valuation Date as the Calculation Agent shall determine (all 
rounded to four decimal places) divided by the FX Perf Cross Rate A 
Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate C Currency exchange rates quoted on the FX Perf 
Cross Rate II Designated Page at the FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated Time on 
the Final FX Perf Valuation Date (or such other page or service that may replace 
the FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the mid 
FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate C Currency exchange rate or 
any other page or service as the Calculation Agent may select for this purpose 
which displays such exchange rate) at such time(s) on the Final FX Perf Valuation 
Date as the Calculation Agent shall determine (all rounded to four decimal places) 
PROVIDED THAT if such rate cannot be determined as specified above it shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent at such time(s) and by reference to such 
source(s) as it deems appropriate. 
FX Perf Initial means either an amount specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms or, if no such amount is so specified: 
(a) 
where an Underlying that is an FX Rate is designated to be the FX Perf 
Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, the Underlying Closing Level of such 
Underlying for the Specified Interest Strike Date relating to that Interest 
Payment Date (or, if more than one such date is specified, the last 
occurring Specified Interest Strike Date relating to that Interest Payment 
Date); or 
(b) 
where no Underlying that is an FX Rate is designated to be the FX Perf 
Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, the average of the mid FX Perf A 
Currency/FX Perf B Currency exchange rates quoted on the FX Perf 
Designated Page at the FX Perf Designated Time on the Initial FX Perf 
Valuation Date (or such other page or service that may replace the FX Perf 
Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the mid FX Perf A 
Currency/FX Perf B Currency exchange rate or any other page or service 
as the Calculation Agent may select for this purpose which displays such 
exchange rate) at such time(s) on the Initial FX Perf Valuation Date as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine PROVIDED THAT if such rate cannot 
be determined as specified in this sub-paragraph (b) it shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent at such time(s) and by reference to such source(s) 
as it deems appropriate,

--- Page 659 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
631 
 
PROVIDED THAT: (x) if Reciprocal Rate is specified in respect of such FX Perf 
Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, FX Perf Final shall be 1 divided by the rate 
calculated pursuant to as provided above in this sub-paragraph (b) (rounded to 
four decimal places); and (y) if FX Perf Cross Rate is specified in respect of such 
FX Perf Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, FX Perf Final shall be the average of 
the mid FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/ FX Perf Cross Rate B Currency 
exchange rates quoted on the FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Page at the FX 
Perf Cross Rate I Designated Time on the Initial FX Perf Valuation Date (or such 
other page or service that may replace the FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Page 
for the purpose of displaying the mid FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/ FX Perf 
Cross Rate B Currency exchange rate or any other page or service as the 
Calculation Agent may select for this purpose which displays such exchange rate) 
at such time(s) on the Final FX Perf Valuation Date as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine (all rounded to four decimal places) divided by the FX Perf Cross Rate 
A Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate C Currency exchange rates quoted on the FX Perf 
Cross Rate II Designated Page at the FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated Time on 
the Initial FX Perf Valuation Date (or such other page or service that may replace 
the FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the mid 
FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate C Currency exchange rate or 
any other page or service as the Calculation Agent may select for this purpose 
which displays such exchange rate) at such time(s) on the Initial FX Perf 
Valuation Date as the Calculation Agent shall determine (all rounded to four 
decimal places) PROVIDED THAT if such rate cannot be determined as specified 
above it shall be determined by the Calculation Agent at such time(s) and by 
reference to such source(s) as it deems appropriate. 
Each of "FX Perf Rate", "FX Perf Designated Page", "FX Perf Designated 
Time", "FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency", "FX Perf Cross Rate B Currency", 
"FX Perf Cross Rate C Currency", "FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Page", 
"FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Time", "FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated 
Page", "FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated Time", "Final FX Perf Valuation 
Date" and "Initial FX Perf Valuation Date" shall be as specified in respect of 
the Interest Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Interest Initial Level means, in respect of an Interest Valuation Date, Interest 
Valuation Dates, Interest Barrier Observation Date or, as the case may be, Interest 
Barrier Observation Dates, and/or the relevant Interest Payment Date and the or 
each Interest Underlying: 
(A) 
where the Interest Initial Level is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "Closing Level on Interest Strike Date", the Underlying Closing 
Level of such Interest Underlying on the Interest Strike Date, as converted 
by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for the Interest Strike Date; 
(B) 
where the Interest Initial Level is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "Closing Level on Interest Re-Strike Date IPD", (i) the Interest 
Reference Level for the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date and 
the related Interest Valuation Date(s) or, if none, (ii) the Underlying 
Closing Level of such Interest Underlying on the Interest Strike Date, as 
converted by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for the Interest Strike 
Date; 
(C) 
where the Interest Initial Level is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be the "Closing Level on Interest Re-Strike Date IVD", (i) the Interest 
Reference Level for the immediately preceding Interest Valuation Date 
relating to the relevant Interest Payment Date or, (ii) if none, the Interest 
Reference Level for the last occurring Interest Valuation Date relating to 
the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date, or (iii) if there has been 
no such Interest Valuation Date, the Underlying Closing Level for the 
Interest Underlying on the Interest Strike Date, as converted by reference

--- Page 660 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
632 
 
to the relevant FX (if any) for such Interest Valuation Date or Interest 
Strike Date, as the case may be; 
(D) 
where the Interest Initial Level is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "Arithmetic Average Closing Level on Interest Strike Dates", the 
arithmetic average of the Underlying Closing Level of such Interest 
Underlying on the Interest Strike Dates, as converted first in each case by 
reference to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Interest Strike Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(E) 
where the Interest Initial Level is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "Lowest Closing Level on Interest Strike Dates", the lowest (or equal 
lowest) Underlying Closing Level of such Interest Underlying on the 
Interest Strike Dates, as converted first in each case by reference to the 
relevant FX (if any) for each such Interest Strike Date, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent; 
(F) 
where the Interest Initial Level is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "Lowest Intra-day Level on Interest Strike Dates", the lowest (or 
equal lowest) Underlying Level of such Interest Underlying on the Interest 
Strike Dates, as converted first in each case by reference to the relevant 
FX (if any) for each such Interest Strike Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent;  
(G) 
where the Interest Initial Level is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "Highest Closing Level on Interest Strike Dates", the highest (or 
equal highest) Underlying Closing Level of such Interest Underlying on 
the Interest Strike Dates, as converted first in each case by reference to the 
relevant FX (if any) for each such Interest Strike Date, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent;  
(H) 
where the Interest Initial Level is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "Highest Intra-day Level on Interest Strike Dates", the highest (or 
equal highest) Underlying Level of such Interest Underlying on the 
Interest Strike Dates, as converted first in each case by reference to the 
relevant FX (if any) for each such Interest Strike Date, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent; or 
(I) 
a level specified as such for the Interest Underlying in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Interest Period Final Reference Level means, in respect of an Interest 
Underlying and an Interest Payment Date, the Interest Reference Level for such 
Interest Underlying on the last occurring Interest Valuation Date in respect of 
such Interest Payment Date. 
Interest Period Initial Reference Level means, in respect of an Interest 
Underlying and an Interest Payment Date, the Interest Initial Level for such 
Interest Underlying on the first occurring Interest Valuation Date in respect of the 
relevant Interest Payment Date. 
Interest Period Strike Level means, in respect of an Interest Underlying and an 
Interest Payment Date, the Interest Period Strike Level specified for such Interest 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms which may, if so specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, be such Interest Underlying's Interest Period Initial 
Reference Level. 
Interest Reference Level means, subject as provided in sub-paragraph (G) of the 
definition of Interest Barrier Event below, in respect of an Interest Valuation Date 
or, as the case may be, Interest Valuation Dates, the related Interest Payment Date 
and the or each Interest Underlying, either:

--- Page 661 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
633 
 
(A) 
where the Interest Reference Level is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Closing Level on Interest Valuation Date", the Underlying 
Closing Level of such Interest Underlying on the Interest Valuation Date, 
as converted by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for such Interest 
Valuation Date; 
(B) 
where the Interest Reference Level is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Arithmetic Average Closing Level on Interest Valuation 
Dates", the arithmetic average of the Underlying Closing Level of such 
Interest Underlying on the Interest Valuation Dates, as converted first in 
each case by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Interest 
Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(C) 
where the Interest Reference Level is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Lowest Closing Level on Interest Valuation Dates", the 
lowest (or equal lowest) Underlying Closing Level of such Interest 
Underlying on the Interest Valuation Dates, as converted first in each case 
by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Interest Valuation 
Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(D) 
where the Interest Reference Level is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Lowest Intra-day Level on Interest Valuation Dates", the 
lowest (or equal lowest) Underlying Level of such Interest Underlying on 
the Interest Valuation Dates, as converted first in each case by reference 
to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Interest Valuation Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(E) 
where the Interest Reference Level is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Highest Closing Level on Interest Valuation Dates", the 
highest (or equal highest) Underlying Closing Level of such Interest 
Underlying on the Interest Valuation Dates, as converted first in each case 
by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Interest Valuation 
Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(F) 
where the Interest Reference Level is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Highest Intra-day Level on Interest Valuation Dates", the 
highest (or equal highest) Underlying Level of such Interest Underlying 
on the Interest Valuation Dates, as converted first in each case by reference 
to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Interest Valuation Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Interest Strike Level means, in respect of an Interest Underlying, the Interest 
Strike Level specified for such Interest Underlying in the Table set out in the 
applicable Issue Terms which may, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
be such Interest Underlying's Interest Initial Level.  
Interest Underlying means the or each Underlying (as defined in Condition 2(n) 
(Definitions) below) specified as an Interest Underlying in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Interim Outperformance A Underlying(s) means, in respect of the Interim 
Performance Provisions, the or each Interest Underlying specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Interim Outperformance B Underlying(s) means, in respect of the Interim 
Performance Provisions, the or each Interest Underlying specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Interim Performance means, subject as provided in sub-paragraph (G) of the 
definition of Interest Barrier Event below, in respect of an Interest Payment Date 
and:

--- Page 662 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
634 
 
(A) 
where "Single Underlying Observation" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Interim Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Interest Underlying, an amount expressed as a percentage and 
determined by reference to the following formula, where each relevant 
constituent value is determined in relation to the relevant Interest 
Underlying: 
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 𝑓𝑜𝑟 𝑠𝑢𝑐ℎ 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑎𝑦𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒−𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT: 
(1) 
for the purposes of determining whether an Interest Barrier Event 
has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(a)(iii) below, if (x) a 
Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or 
(z) a Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) 
and a Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
(2) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount pursuant to 
Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and 
if an Interest Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum 
Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
(3) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount pursuant to 
Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and 
if an Interest Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Interim Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) and a Minimum Interim Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar);  
(4) 
otherwise, if (x) a Maximum Interim Performance Percentage is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to

--- Page 663 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
635 
 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage and a Minimum Interim Performance 
Percentage is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Interim Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and 
minimum percentage (a collar); and 
(5) 
if an Interim Performance Adjustment Percentage is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms in respect of Interim Performance, the 
Interim Performance will be adjusted by the addition of such 
Interim Performance Adjustment Percentage to the Interim 
Performance determined in accordance with the formula above 
PROVIDED FURTHER THAT, if a Maximum Interim 
Performance 
Percentage, 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage, Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event), Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event), 
Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Satisfied), Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied), Maximum Interim Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Not Satisfied) or Minimum Interim Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified to apply to 
such Interim Performance, the Interim Performance Adjustment 
Percentage shall be applied first to the Interim Performance and 
will not override the effect of any cap or floor that may otherwise 
apply as a consequence of sub-paragraphs (1) to (4) above; 
(B) 
where "Weighted Basket Observation" is specified as applicable in respect 
of the Interim Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, all 
of the Interest Underlyings, an amount expressed as a percentage and 
determined by reference to the following formula, where each relevant 
constituent value is determined in relation to the relevant Interest 
Underlying: 
∑𝑤n × 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 𝑓𝑜𝑟 𝑠𝑢𝑐ℎ 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑎𝑦𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒−𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝑛
𝑛=1
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT:  
(1) 
for the purposes of determining whether an Interest Barrier Event 
has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(a)(iii) below, if (x) a 
Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or 
(z) a Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) 
and a Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
(2) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount pursuant to 
Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and 
if an Interest Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum

--- Page 664 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
636 
 
Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
(3) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount pursuant to 
Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and 
if an Interest Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Interim Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) and a Minimum Interim Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar);  
(4) 
otherwise, if (x) a Maximum Interim Performance Percentage is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage and a Minimum Interim Performance 
Percentage is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Interim Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and 
minimum percentage (a collar); and 
(5) 
if an Interim Performance Adjustment Percentage is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms in respect of Interim Performance, the 
Interim Performance will be adjusted by the addition of such 
Interim Performance Adjustment Percentage to the Interim 
Performance determined in accordance with the formula above 
PROVIDED FURTHER THAT, if a Maximum Interim 
Performance 
Percentage, 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage, Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event), Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event), 
Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Satisfied), Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied), Maximum Interim Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Not Satisfied) or Minimum Interim Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified to apply to 
such Interim Performance, the Interim Performance Adjustment 
Percentage shall be applied first to the Interim Performance and 
will not override the effect of any cap or floor that may otherwise 
apply as a consequence of sub-paragraphs (1) to (4) above; 
(C) 
where "Best of Basket Observation" or "Worst of Basket Observation" is 
specified as applicable in respect of the Interim Performance Provisions in 
the applicable Issue Terms, each of the Interest Underlying, an amount 
expressed as a percentage and determined by reference to the following 
formula, where each relevant constituent value is determined in relation to 
the relevant Interest Underlying: 
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 𝑓𝑜𝑟 𝑠𝑢𝑐ℎ 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑎𝑦𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒−𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT:

--- Page 665 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
637 
 
(1) 
for the purposes of determining whether an Interest Barrier Event 
has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(a)(iii) below, if (x) a 
Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or 
(z) a Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) 
and a Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
(2) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount pursuant to 
Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and 
if an Interest Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum 
Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
(3) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount pursuant to 
Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and 
if an Interest Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Interim Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) and a Minimum Interim Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar);  
(4) 
otherwise, if (x) a Maximum Interim Performance Percentage is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage and a Minimum Interim Performance 
Percentage is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Interim Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and 
minimum percentage (a collar); and 
(5) 
if an Interim Performance Adjustment Percentage is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms in respect of Interim Performance, the 
Interim Performance will be adjusted by the addition of such 
Interim Performance Adjustment Percentage to the Interim 
Performance determined in accordance with the formula above 
PROVIDED FURTHER THAT, if a Maximum Interim

--- Page 666 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
638 
 
Performance 
Percentage, 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage, Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event), Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event), 
Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Satisfied), Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied), Maximum Interim Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Not Satisfied) or Minimum Interim Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified to apply to 
such Interim Performance, the Interim Performance Adjustment 
Percentage shall be applied first to the Interim Performance and 
will not override the effect of any cap or floor that may otherwise 
apply as a consequence of sub-paragraphs (1) to (4) above; 
(D) 
where "Outperformance Observation" is specified as applicable in respect 
of the Interim Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, an 
amount expressed as a percentage and determined by reference to the 
following formula: 
[𝑂𝑢𝑡𝑝𝑒𝑟𝑓 𝐴−𝑂𝑢𝑡𝑝𝑒𝑟𝑓 𝐵] × 100 
For which purpose: 
Outperf A means, in respect of such Interest Payment Date and: 
I. 
where "Single Underlying Observation" is specified as applicable 
in respect of the Interim Performance Provisions for Interim 
Outperformance A Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Interim Outperformance A Underlying, an amount expressed as a 
decimal and determined by reference to the following formula, 
where each relevant constituent value is determined in relation to 
the relevant Interim Outperformance A Underlying: 
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 𝑓𝑜𝑟 𝑠𝑢𝑐ℎ 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑎𝑦𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒−𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT if, in respect of Interim 
Outperformance A Underlying:  
(1) 
for the purposes of determining whether an Interest Barrier 
Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(a)(iii) below, 
if (x) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event) is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such 
maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then Outperf A is subject to such minimum decimal (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event) and a 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Outperf A is subject to such 
maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a collar); 
(2) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount 
pursuant to Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 
1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and if an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred, if (x) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf A is subject to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) 
a Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to 
such minimum decimal (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue

--- Page 667 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
639 
 
Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such maximum decimal 
and minimum decimal (a collar);  
(3) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount 
pursuant to Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 
1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and if an Interest Barrier Event has not 
occurred, (x) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf A is subject to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) 
a Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such minimum decimal (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a 
collar); and 
(4) 
otherwise, if (x) a Maximum Outperf A is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such 
maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf A is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Outperf A and a Minimum Outperf A is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a 
collar); 
II. 
where "Weighted Basket Observation" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Interim Performance Provisions for Interim 
Outperformance A Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms, all of 
the Interim Outperformance A Underlyings, an amount expressed 
as a decimal and determined by reference to the following formula, 
where each relevant constituent value is determined in relation to 
the relevant Interim Outperformance A Underlying: 
∑𝑤n × 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 𝑓𝑜𝑟 𝑠𝑢𝑐ℎ 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑎𝑦𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒−𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝑛
𝑛=1
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT if, in respect of Interim 
Outperformance A Underlying:  
(1) 
for the purposes of determining whether an Interest Barrier 
Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(a)(iii) below, 
if (x) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event) is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such 
maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then Outperf A is subject to such minimum decimal (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event) and a 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Outperf A is subject to such 
maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a collar); 
(2) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount 
pursuant to Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 
1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and if an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred, if (x) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf A is subject to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) 
a Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified

--- Page 668 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
640 
 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to 
such minimum decimal (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such maximum decimal 
and minimum decimal (a collar); 
(3) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount 
pursuant to Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 
1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and if an Interest Barrier Event has not 
occurred, (x) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf A is subject to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) 
a Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such minimum decimal (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a 
collar); and 
(4) 
otherwise, if (x) a Maximum Outperf A is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such 
maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf A is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Outperf A and a Minimum Outperf A is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a 
collar); 
III. 
where "Best of Basket Observation" or "Worst of Basket 
Observation" is specified as applicable in respect of the Interim 
Performance 
Provisions 
for 
Interim 
Outperformance 
A 
Underlying, each of the Interim Outperformance A Underlyings, an 
amount expressed as a decimal and determined by reference to the 
following formula, where each relevant constituent value is 
determined in relation to the relevant Interim Outperformance A 
Underlying: 
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 𝑓𝑜𝑟 𝑠𝑢𝑐ℎ 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑎𝑦𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒−𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT if, in respect of Interim 
Outperformance A Underlying:  
(1) 
for the purposes of determining whether an Interest Barrier 
Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(a)(iii) below, 
if (x) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event) is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such 
maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then Outperf A is subject to such minimum decimal (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event) and a 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Outperf A is subject to such 
maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a collar); 
(2) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount 
pursuant to Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 
1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and if an Interest Barrier Event has

--- Page 669 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
641 
 
occurred, if (x) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf A is subject to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) 
a Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to 
such minimum decimal (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such maximum decimal 
and minimum decimal (a collar); 
(3) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount 
pursuant to Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 
1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and if an Interest Barrier Event has not 
occurred, (x) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf A is subject to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) 
a Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such minimum decimal (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a 
collar); and 
(4) 
otherwise, if (x) a Maximum Outperf A is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such 
maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf A is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Outperf A and a Minimum Outperf A is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a 
collar); 
Outperf B means, in respect of such Interest Payment Date and 
I. 
where "Single Underlying Observation" is specified as applicable 
in respect of the Interim Performance Provisions for Interim 
Outperformance B Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Outperformance B Underlying, an amount expressed as a decimal 
and determined by reference to the following formula, where each 
relevant constituent value is determined in relation to the relevant 
Interim Outperformance B Underlying: 
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 𝑓𝑜𝑟 𝑠𝑢𝑐ℎ 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑎𝑦𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒−𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT if, in respect of Interim 
Outperformance B Underlying: 
(1) 
for the purposes of determining whether an Interest Barrier 
Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(a)(iii) below, 
if (x) a Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event) is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such 
maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then Outperf B is subject to such minimum decimal (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event) and a 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event) is specified in the

--- Page 670 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
642 
 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Outperf B is subject to such 
maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a collar); 
(2) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount 
pursuant to Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 
1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and if an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred, if (x) a Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) 
a Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to 
such minimum decimal (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such maximum decimal 
and minimum decimal (a collar); 
(3) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount 
pursuant to Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 
1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and if an Interest Barrier Event has not 
occurred, (x) a Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) 
a Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such minimum decimal (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a 
collar); and 
(4) 
otherwise, if (x) a Maximum Outperf B is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such 
maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf B is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Outperf B and a Minimum Outperf B is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a 
collar); 
II. 
where "Weighted Basket Observation" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Interim Performance Provisions for Interim 
Outperformance B Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms, all of 
the Interim Outperformance B Underlyings, an amount expressed 
as a decimal and determined by reference to the following formula, 
where each relevant constituent value is determined in relation to 
the relevant Interim Outperformance B Underlying: 
∑𝑤n × 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 𝑓𝑜𝑟 𝑠𝑢𝑐ℎ 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑎𝑦𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒−𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝑛
𝑛=1
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT if, in respect of Interim 
Outperformance B Underlying, where each relevant constituent 
value is determined in relation to the relevant Interim 
Outperformance B Underlying:  
(1) 
for the purposes of determining whether an Interest Barrier 
Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(a)(iii) below, 
if (x) a Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event) is specified in

--- Page 671 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
643 
 
the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such 
maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then Outperf B is subject to such minimum decimal (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event) and a 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Outperf B is subject to such 
maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a collar); 
(2) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount 
pursuant to Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 
1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and if an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred, if (x) a Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) 
a Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to 
such minimum decimal (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such maximum decimal 
and minimum decimal (a collar); 
(3) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount 
pursuant to Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 
1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and if an Interest Barrier Event has not 
occurred, (x) a Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) 
a Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such minimum decimal (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a 
collar); and 
(4) 
otherwise, if (x) a Maximum Outperf B is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such 
maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf B is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Outperf B and a Minimum Outperf B is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a 
collar); 
III. 
where "Best of Basket Observation" or "Worst of Basket 
Observation" is specified as applicable in respect of the Interim 
Performance Provisions for Interim Outperformance B Underlying, 
each of the Interim Outperformance B Underlyings, an amount 
expressed as a decimal and determined by reference to the 
following formula, where each relevant constituent value is 
determined in relation to the relevant Interim Outperformance B 
Underlying: 
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 𝑓𝑜𝑟 𝑠𝑢𝑐ℎ 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑎𝑦𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒−𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT if, in respect of Interim 
Outperformance B Underlying:

--- Page 672 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
644 
 
(1) 
for the purposes of determining whether an Interest Barrier 
Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(a)(iii) below, 
if (x) a Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event) is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such 
maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then Outperf B is subject to such minimum decimal (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event) and a 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Outperf B is subject to such 
maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a collar); 
(2) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount 
pursuant to Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 
1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and if an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred, if (x) a Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) 
a Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to 
such minimum decimal (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such maximum decimal 
and minimum decimal (a collar);  
(3) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount 
pursuant to Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 
1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and if an Interest Barrier Event has not 
occurred, (x) a Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) 
a Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such minimum decimal (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a 
collar); and 
(4) 
otherwise, if (x) a Maximum Outperf B is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such 
maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf B is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Outperf B and a Minimum Outperf B is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a 
collar); 
(E) 
where "Arithmetic Mean Underlying Return" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Interim Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue 
Terms, each of the Interest Underlyings, an amount expressed as a 
percentage and determined by reference to the following formula, where 
each relevant constituent value is determined in relation to the relevant 
Interest Underlying: 
∑1
𝑛× Underlying Return
𝑛
𝑛=1

--- Page 673 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
645 
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT: 
(1) 
for the purposes of determining whether an Interest Barrier Event 
has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(a)(iii) below, if (x) a 
Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or 
(z) a Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) 
and a Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
(2) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount pursuant to 
Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and 
if an Interest Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum 
Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
(3) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount pursuant to 
Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and 
if an Interest Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Interim Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) and a Minimum Interim Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar);  
(4) 
otherwise, if (x) a Maximum Interim Performance Percentage is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage and a Minimum Interim Performance 
Percentage is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Interim Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and 
minimum percentage (a collar); and 
(5) 
if an Interim Performance Adjustment Percentage is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms in respect of Interim Performance, the 
Interim Performance will be adjusted by the addition of such 
Interim Performance Adjustment Percentage to the Interim

--- Page 674 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
646 
 
Performance determined in accordance with the formula above 
PROVIDED FURTHER THAT, if a Maximum Interim 
Performance 
Percentage, 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage, Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event), Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event), 
Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Satisfied), Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied), Maximum Interim Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Not Satisfied) or Minimum Interim Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified to apply to 
such Interim Performance, the Interim Performance Adjustment 
Percentage shall be applied first to the Interim Performance and 
will not override the effect of any cap or floor that may otherwise 
apply as a consequence of sub-paragraphs (1) to (4) above; 
(F) 
where "Himalaya Interim Performance – Asian Observation" is specified 
as applicable in respect of the Interim Performance Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Interest Underlyings, an amount expressed as 
a percentage and determined as the arithmetic mean of the Multiple IVD 
Interim Performance Percentage for the relevant Interest Underlying on 
the Interest Valuation Dates in respect of the relevant Interest Payment 
Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, PROVIDED HOWEVER 
THAT: 
(1) 
for the purposes of determining whether an Interest Barrier Event 
has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(a)(iii) below, if (x) a 
Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or 
(z) a Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) 
and a Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
(2) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount pursuant to 
Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and 
if an Interest Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum 
Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); and 
(3) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount pursuant to 
Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and 
if an Interest Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the

--- Page 675 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
647 
 
Interim Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) and a Minimum Interim Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar);  
(4) 
otherwise, if (x) a Maximum Interim Performance Percentage is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage and a Minimum Interim Performance 
Percentage is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Interim Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and 
minimum percentage (a collar); 
(5) 
if an Interim Performance Adjustment Percentage is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms in respect of Interim Performance, the 
Interim Performance will be adjusted by the addition of such 
Interim Performance Adjustment Percentage to the Interim 
Performance determined in accordance with the formula above 
PROVIDED FURTHER THAT, if a Maximum Interim 
Performance 
Percentage, 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage, Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event), Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event), 
Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Satisfied), Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied), Maximum Interim Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Not Satisfied) or Minimum Interim Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified to apply to 
such Interim Performance, the Interim Performance Adjustment 
Percentage shall be applied first to the Interim Performance and 
will not override the effect of any cap or floor that may otherwise 
apply as a consequence of sub-paragraphs (1) to (4) above; 
(G) 
where "Cliquet" is specified as applicable in respect of the Interim 
Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, each of the Interest 
Underlyings, an amount expressed as a percentage and determined by 
reference to the following formulae, where each relevant constituent value 
is determined in relation to the relevant Interest Underlying: 
I. 
if "Sum of Underlying Return Cliquet" is specified as the Cliquet 
Underlying Return in the applicable Issue Terms: 
∑
𝐶𝑙𝑖𝑞𝑢𝑒𝑡 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑅𝑒𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑛−𝐴; 𝑜𝑟
𝑡
𝑡=1
 
II. 
if "Product of Underlying Return Cliquet" is specified as the 
Cliquet Underlying Return in the applicable Issue Terms: 
∏
𝐶𝑙𝑖𝑞𝑢𝑒𝑡 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑅𝑒𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑛−𝐴; 𝑜𝑟
𝑡
𝑡=1
 
III. 
if "Period Performance Less Cliquet Return - Sum" is specified as 
the Cliquet Underlying Return in the applicable Issue Terms: 
𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒− (∑𝐶𝑙𝑖𝑞𝑢𝑒𝑡 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑅𝑒𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑛−𝐴
𝑡
𝑡=1
) ; 𝑜𝑟

--- Page 676 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
648 
 
IV. 
if "Absolute Period Performance Less Cliquet Return - Sum" is 
specified as the Cliquet Underlying Return in the applicable Issue 
Terms: 
𝐴𝑏𝑠 (𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒) − (∑𝐶𝑙𝑖𝑞𝑢𝑒𝑡 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑅𝑒𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑛−𝐴
𝑡
𝑡=1
) ; 𝑜𝑟 
V. 
if "Period Performance Less Cliquet Return - Product" is specified 
as the Cliquet Underlying Return in the applicable Issue Terms: 
𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒−(∏𝐶𝑙𝑖𝑞𝑢𝑒𝑡 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑅𝑒𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑛−𝐴
𝑡
𝑡=1
) ; 𝑜𝑟 
VI. 
if "Absolute Period Performance Less Cliquet Return - Product" is 
specified as the Cliquet Underlying Return in the applicable Issue 
Terms: 
𝐴𝑏𝑠 (𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒) −(∏
𝐶𝑙𝑖𝑞𝑢𝑒𝑡 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑅𝑒𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑛−𝐴
𝑡
𝑡=1
) ; 𝑜𝑟 
VII. 
if "Cliquet Return Less Period Performance - Sum" is specified as 
the Cliquet Underlying Return in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(∑𝐶𝑙𝑖𝑞𝑢𝑒𝑡 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑅𝑒𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑛−𝐴
𝑡
𝑡=1
) −𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒; 𝑜𝑟 
VIII. if "Cliquet Return Less Absolute Period Performance - Sum" is 
specified as the Cliquet Underlying Return in the applicable Issue 
Terms: 
(∑𝐶𝑙𝑖𝑞𝑢𝑒𝑡 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑅𝑒𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑛−𝐴
𝑡
𝑡=1
) −𝐴𝑏𝑠 (𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒); 𝑜𝑟 
IX. 
if "Cliquet Return Less Period Performance - Product" is specified 
as the Cliquet Underlying Return in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(∏𝐶𝑙𝑖𝑞𝑢𝑒𝑡 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑅𝑒𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑛−𝐴
𝑡
𝑡=1
) −𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒; 𝑜𝑟 
X. 
if "Cliquet Return Less Absolute Period Performance - Product" is 
specified as the Cliquet Underlying Return in the applicable Issue 
Terms: 
(∏𝐶𝑙𝑖𝑞𝑢𝑒𝑡 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔 𝑅𝑒𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑛−𝐴
𝑡
𝑡=1
) −𝐴𝑏𝑠 (𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒), 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT: 
(1) 
for the purposes of determining whether an Interest Barrier Event 
has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(a)(iii) below, if (x) a 
Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or 
(z) a Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) 
and a Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar);

--- Page 677 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
649 
 
(2) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount pursuant to 
Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and 
if an Interest Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum 
Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); and 
(3) 
for the purposes of determining any Interest Amount pursuant to 
Conditions 1.1(a)(iv)(F), 1.1(a)(iv)(G) and 1.1(a)(iv)(H) below and 
if an Interest Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Interim Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) and a Minimum Interim Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar);  
(4) 
otherwise, if (x) a Maximum Interim Performance Percentage is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interim Performance Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Interim Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interim 
Performance Percentage and a Minimum Interim Performance 
Percentage is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Interim Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and 
minimum percentage (a collar);  
(5) 
if an Interim Performance Adjustment Percentage is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms in respect of Interim Performance, the 
Interim Performance will be adjusted by the addition of such 
Interim Performance Adjustment Percentage to the Interim 
Performance determined in accordance with the formula above 
PROVIDED FURTHER THAT, if a Maximum Interim 
Performance 
Percentage, 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage, Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event), Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event), 
Maximum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Satisfied), Minimum Interim Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied), Maximum Interim Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Not Satisfied), Minimum Interim Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) or Cliquet Interim 
Performance Floor is specified to apply to such Interim 
Performance, the Interim Performance Adjustment Percentage 
shall be applied first to the Interim Performance and will not 
override the effect of any cap or floor that may otherwise apply as 
a consequence of sub-paragraphs (1) to (4) above or (6) below; and

--- Page 678 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
650 
 
(6) 
if (x) a Cliquet Interim Performance Floor is specified as "Cliquet 
Interim Performance Floor" in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Interim Performance for such Interest Valuation Date will be 
subject to a minimum percentage (floor) (if any) determined as the 
Cliquet Interim Performance Floor, or (y) a Cliquet Interim 
Performance Floor is specified as "Global Lock-in Floor" in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Global Lock-in Floor Trigger has been 
satisfied in respect of any Interest Valuation Date, the Interim 
Performance for such Interest Valuation Date will be subject to a 
minimum percentage (floor) of the Global Lock-in Floor 
Percentage specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
WHERE: 
Best Cliquet B Interest Valuation Date means, in respect of each 
Specified Cliquet Interest Valuation Period, the Interest Valuation Date(s) 
in respect of such Specified Cliquet Interest Valuation Period with the Uth 
highest Cliquet Interim Decimals, determined by the Calculation Agent by 
ranking each of the Interest Valuation Dates in order of their Cliquet 
Interim Decimals from highest to lowest, where, (i) the Interest Valuation 
Date with the highest Cliquet Interim Decimal will be the highest ranking, 
(ii) the Interest Valuation Date with the second highest Cliquet Interim 
Decimal will be the second highest ranking, and so on until (iii) the Interest 
Valuation Date with the lowest Cliquet Interim Decimal will be the lowest 
ranking,  
PROVIDED THAT, if any two or more Interest Valuation Dates have an 
equal Cliquet Interim Decimal, the highest of such Interest Valuation 
Dates will be determined in accordance with the Equality Adjustment. 
Cliquet Interim Performance Floor means a percentage determined by 
the Calculation Agent as being the product of (A) an amount determined 
as being the Cliquet Interim Performance Sum Integer (if any), that is: 
(a) 
greater than,  
(b) 
greater than or equal to,  
(c) 
less than or equal to, or  
(d) 
less than, (in each case, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
in respect of Cliquet Performance Floor): 
the Cliquet Interim Performance Sum determined in respect of each 
Interest Valuation Date relating to that Interest Payment Date and (B) if 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Cliquet Interim Performance 
Sum Multiple, otherwise 100%,  
PROVIDED THAT, if the relevant requirements in respect of any Cliquet 
Interim Performance Floor are not satisfied, then there shall be no Cliquet 
Interim Performance Floor. 
Cliquet Interim Performance Sum means, in respect of an Interest 
Valuation Date and an Interest Payment Date, the sum of all Cliquet 
Underlying Returns determined in respect of each Interest Valuation Date 
in respect of the relevant Interest Payment Date occurring prior to (and 
including) the relevant Interest Valuation Date. 
Cliquet Interim Performance Sum Integer means as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, "the highest (or equal highest) positive integer", 
"the highest (or equal highest) integer", "the lowest (or equal lowest) 
positive integer" or "the lowest (or equal lowest) integer". For which

--- Page 679 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
651 
 
purpose, an integer shall be any whole number (including negative whole 
numbers and zero) and a positive integer shall be any whole number 
greater than or equal to 1 (one) and, where the relevant Cliquet Interim 
Performance Sum is not a whole number, the relevant integer shall be the 
nearest integer thereto, with any amount equal to a multiple of 0.5 being 
rounded up. 
Cliquet Underlying Return means, in respect of the Interest Underlying 
and the Interest Valuation Date in respect of the relevant Interest Payment 
Date, an amount expressed as a decimal calculated in accordance with the 
following formulae (the Cliquet Interim Decimal), where each relevant 
constituent value is determined in relation to the relevant Interest 
Underlying: 
(A) 
if "Cliquet A", "Cliquet B" or "Cliquet C" is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, 
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 𝑓𝑜𝑟 𝑠𝑢𝑐ℎ 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒−𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
; or 
(B) 
if "Cliquet A Absolute" "Cliquet B Absolute" or "Cliquet C 
Absolute" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
𝐴𝑏𝑠 (𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 𝑓𝑜𝑟 𝑠𝑢𝑐ℎ 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒−𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
) 
PROVIDED THAT, in either case, 
(1) 
if "Cliquet B" or "Cliquet B Absolute" and "Cliquet B Highest" are 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Cliquet Underlying 
Return for the or each, as the case may be, Best Cliquet B Interest 
Valuation Date will be deemed to be the Cliquet B Highest Return 
Decimal specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of such 
Specified Cliquet Interest Valuation Period and not the Cliquet 
Interim Decimal calculated in accordance with the formula above; 
(2) 
if "Cliquet B" or "Cliquet B Absolute" and "Cliquet B Lowest" are 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Cliquet Underlying 
Return for the or each, as the case may be, Worst Cliquet B Interest 
Valuation Date will be deemed to be the Cliquet B Lowest Return 
Decimal specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of such 
Specified Cliquet Interest Valuation Period and not the Cliquet 
Interim Decimal calculated in accordance with the formula above; 
(3) 
if "Cliquet C" or "Cliquet C Absolute" are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and the Cliquet Interim Decimal in respect 
of any Interest Valuation Date or any preceding Interest Valuation 
Date in the relevant Interest Period in respect of such Interest 
Payment Date has been either (i) greater than, (ii) greater than or 
equal to, (iii) less than or equal to or (iv) less than (as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms in respect of Cliquet C or Cliquet C 
Absolute, as applicable) the Cliquet C Interest Target specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, the Cliquet Underlying Return for such 
Interest Valuation Date will be deemed to be the Cliquet C Lock-in 
Decimal specified in the applicable Issue Terms and not the Cliquet 
Interim Decimal calculated in accordance with the formula above, 
PROVIDED FURTHER THAT: 
(I) 
if a Cliquet Underlying Return Cap is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms and the Cliquet Interim Decimal in respect of any 
Interest Valuation Date is greater than such Cliquet Underlying

--- Page 680 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
652 
 
Return Cap, the Cliquet Interim Decimal for such Interest 
Valuation Date will be the Cliquet Underlying Return Cap; and 
(II) 
if a Cliquet Underlying Return Floor is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms and the Cliquet Interim Decimal in respect of any 
Interest Valuation Date is less than such Cliquet Underlying Return 
Cap, the Cliquet Interim Decimal for such Interest Valuation Date 
will be the Cliquet Underlying Return Floor. 
Global Lock-in Floor Trigger means that, in respect of an Interest 
Valuation Date, the Global Lock-in Sum for such Interest 
Valuation Date is (a) greater than, (b) greater than or equal to, (c) 
less than or equal to or (d) less than (as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms in respect of the Global Lock-in Floor Trigger) the 
Global Lock-in Floor Trigger Level specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
Global Lock-in Sum means, in respect of an Interest Valuation 
Date and an Interest Payment Date, the sum of all Cliquet 
Underlying Returns determined in respect of each Interest 
Valuation Date in respect of such Interest Payment Date occurring 
prior to (and including) the relevant Interest Valuation Date. 
Period Performance means either Period Performance 1, Period 
Performance 2 or Period Performance 3, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms PROVIDED THAT, in each case, if (x) a 
Maximum Period Performance is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Period Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Period Performance is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Period Performance is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum 
Period Performance and a Minimum Period Performance is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Period 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar). 
Period Performance 1 means, in respect of an Interest Payment 
Date and an Interest Underlying, a decimal determined in 
accordance with the following formula, where each relevant 
constituent value is determined in relation to the relevant Interest 
Underlying: 
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙−𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
 
Period Performance 2 means, in respect of an Interest Payment 
Date and an Interest Underlying, a decimal determined in 
accordance with the following formula, where each relevant 
constituent value is determined in relation to the relevant Interest 
Underlying:  
𝐵−𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙−𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
 
Period Performance 3 means, in respect of an Interest Payment 
Date and an Interest Underlying, a decimal determined in 
accordance with the following formula, where each relevant 
constituent value is determined in relation to the relevant Interest 
Underlying: 
𝐵× 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝐹𝑖𝑛𝑎𝑙 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙−𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙

--- Page 681 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
653 
 
U means the number specified in the applicable Issue Terms for the 
purpose of determining the Best Cliquet B Interest Valuation Dates 
or the Worst Cliquet B Interest Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
Worst Cliquet B Interest Valuation Date means, in respect of 
each Specified Cliquet Interest Valuation Period, the Interest 
Valuation Date(s) in respect of such Specified Cliquet Interest 
Valuation Period with the Uth lowest Cliquet Interim Decimals, 
determined by the Calculation Agent by ranking each of the Interest 
Valuation Dates in order of their Cliquet Interim Decimals from 
lowest to highest, where, (i) the Interest Valuation Date with the 
highest Cliquet Interim Decimal will be the highest ranking, (ii) the 
Interest Valuation Date with the second highest Cliquet Interim 
Decimal will be the second highest ranking, and so on until (iii) the 
Interest Valuation Date with the lowest Cliquet Interim Decimal 
will be the lowest ranking,  
PROVIDED THAT, if any two or more Interest Valuation Dates 
have an equal Cliquet Interim Decimal, the highest of such Interest 
Valuation Dates will be determined in accordance with the Equality 
Adjustment. 
Interim Performance Underlying(s) or IPU means, subject to sub-
paragraph (G) of the definition of Interest Barrier Event below, either: 
(A) 
where "Single Underlying Observation" or "Cliquet" is specified as 
applicable in respect of the Interim Performance Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Interest Underlying; 
(B) 
where "Weighted Basket Observation" or "Arithmetic Mean 
Underlying Return" is specified as applicable in respect of the 
Interim Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, all 
of the Interest Underlyings; 
(C) 
where "Best of Basket Observation" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Interim Performance Provisions in the applicable 
Issue Terms, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, the Interest 
Underlying with the Nth highest (which shall, if, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, two or more Interest 
Underlyings are equal Nth highest, be determined in accordance 
with the Equality Adjustment) Interim Performance in respect of 
such Interest Payment Date, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent PROVIDED THAT if "Himalaya Interim Performance – 
European Observation" is specified as applicable in respect of the 
Interim Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, in 
respect of an Interest Payment Date, an Interest Underlying may 
not be the Interim Performance Underlying if such Interest 
Underlying was the Interim Performance Underlying in respect of 
any preceding Interest Payment Date and any such Interest 
Underlying will be deemed not to be an Interest Underlying for the 
purpose of determining the Interim Performance Underlying in 
respect of such Interest Payment Date, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent;  
(D) 
where "Worst of Basket Observation" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Interim Performance Provisions in the applicable 
Issue Terms, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, the Interest 
Underlying with the Nth lowest (which shall, if, in the determination 
of the Calculation Agent, two or more Interest Underlyings are 
equal Nth lowest, be determined in accordance with the Equality 
Adjustment) Interim Performance in respect of such Interest

--- Page 682 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
654 
 
Payment Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
PROVIDED THAT if "Himalaya Interim Performance – European 
Observation" is specified as applicable in respect of the Interim 
Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of 
an Interest Payment Date, an Interest Underlying may not be the 
Interim Performance Underlying if such Interest Underlying was 
the Interim Performance Underlying in respect of any preceding 
Interest Payment Date and any such Interest Underlying will be 
deemed not to be an Interest Underlying for the purpose of 
determining the Interim Performance Underlying in respect of such 
Interest Payment Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent;  
(E) 
where "Outperformance Observation" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Interim Performance Provisions in the applicable 
Issue Terms and (i) in respect of Outperf A, all of the Interim 
Outperformance A Underlying(s) and (ii) in respect of Outperf B, 
all of the Interim Outperformance B Underlying(s);  
(F) 
where "Himalaya Interim Performance – Asian Observation" and 
"Best of Himalaya Basket Observation" are specified as applicable 
in respect of the Interim Performance Provisions in the applicable 
Issue Terms, in respect of each Interest Valuation Date in respect 
of an Interest Payment Date, the Interest Underlying with the 
highest (which shall, if, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, two or more Interest Underlyings are equal highest, be 
determined in accordance with the Equality Adjustment) Multiple 
IVD Interim Performance Percentage on such Interest Valuation 
Date, PROVIDED THAT an Interest Underlying may not be the 
Interim Performance Underlying in respect of any such Interest 
Valuation Date if such Interest Underlying was the Interim 
Performance Underlying in respect of any preceding Interest 
Valuation Date for the relevant Interest Payment Date and any such 
Interest Underlying will be deemed not to be an Interest Underlying 
for the purpose of determining the Interim Performance Underlying 
in respect of such Interest Valuation Date, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; or 
(G) 
where "Himalaya Interim Performance – Asian Observation" and 
"Worst of Himalaya Basket Observation" are specified as 
applicable in respect of the Interim Performance Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms, in respect of each Interest Valuation Date 
in respect of an Interest Payment Date, the Interest Underlying with 
the lowest (which shall, if, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, two or more Interest Underlyings are equal lowest, be 
determined in accordance with the Equality Adjustment) Multiple 
IVD Interim Performance Percentage on such Interest Valuation 
Date, PROVIDED THAT an Interest Underlying may not be the 
Interim Performance Underlying in respect of any such Interest 
Valuation Date if such Interest Underlying was the Interim 
Performance Underlying in respect of any preceding Interest 
Valuation Date for the relevant Interest Payment Date and any such 
Interest Underlying will be deemed not to be an Interest Underlying 
for the purpose of determining the Interim Performance Underlying 
in respect of such Interest Valuation Date, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
Multiple IVD Interim Performance Percentage means, in respect of an 
Interest Valuation Date and an Interest Underlying, a percentage, 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula, where each relevant constituent value is determined in relation to 
the relevant Interest Underlying:

--- Page 683 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
655 
 
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 𝑖𝑛 𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑝𝑒𝑐𝑡 𝑜𝑓 𝑠𝑢𝑐ℎ 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒−𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
 
n means the number of Interest Underlyings specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
t means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, the number of Interest 
Valuation Dates specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Underlying Return means, in respect of each Interest Underlying and an 
Interest Payment Date, either: 
(i) 
if "Single Cap - Single Valuation Date" and/or "Single Floor - 
Single Valuation Date" is specified as applicable in respect of 
Underlying Return in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount 
expressed as a percentage and determined by reference to the 
following formula, where each relevant constituent value is 
determined in relation to the relevant Interest Underlying: 
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 𝑓𝑜𝑟 𝑠𝑢𝑐ℎ 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑎𝑦𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒−𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
 
subject to, (i) if a "Single Cap" is specified in respect of Underlying 
Return in the applicable Issue Terms, a maximum percentage equal 
to the Single Cap specified in the applicable Issue Terms, (ii) if a 
"Single Floor" is specified in respect of Underlying Return in the 
applicable Issue Terms, a minimum percentage equal to the Single 
Floor specified in the applicable Issue Terms or (iii) if a Single Cap 
and a Single Floor are specified in respect of Underlying Return in 
the applicable Issue Terms, a maximum percentage equal to the 
Single Cap and a minimum percentage equal to the Single Floor, 
each as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; or 
(ii) 
if "Single Cap - Multiple Valuation Date" and/or "Single Floor - 
Multiple Valuation Date" is specified as applicable in respect of 
Underlying Return in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount 
expressed as a percentage and determined by reference to the 
following formula, where each relevant constituent value is 
determined in relation to the relevant Interest Underlying: 
∑1
𝑡𝑥𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 𝑓𝑜𝑟 𝑠𝑢𝑐ℎ 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑉𝑎𝑙𝑢𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒−𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝑡
𝑡=1
 
subject to, (i) if a "Single Cap" is specified in respect of Underlying 
Return in the applicable Issue Terms, a maximum percentage equal 
to the Single Cap specified in the applicable Issue Terms, (ii) if a 
"Single Floor" is specified in respect of Underlying Return in the 
applicable Issue Terms, a minimum percentage equal to the Single 
Floor specified in the applicable Issue Terms or (iii) if a Single Cap 
and a Single Floor are specified in respect of Underlying Return in 
the applicable Issue Terms, a maximum percentage equal to the 
Single Cap and a minimum percentage equal to the Single Floor, 
each as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; or 
(iii) 
if "Single Target" is specified as applicable in respect of 
Underlying Return in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount 
expressed as a percentage and determined by reference to the 
following formula (the Single Target Percentage), where each 
relevant constituent value is determined in relation to the relevant 
Interest Underlying:

--- Page 684 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
656 
 
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 𝑓𝑜𝑟 𝑠𝑢𝑐ℎ 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑎𝑦𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒−𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
 
PROVIDED THAT: 
(1) 
if a Single Target Interest Threshold Percentage is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, and the Single Target 
Percentage is either (i) equal to or less than, (ii) equal to or 
greater than, (iii) less than, or (iv) greater than the Single 
Target Interest Threshold Percentage (in each case, as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms), the Underlying 
Return will be the Single Target Underlying Performance 
Percentage specified in the applicable Issue Terms; or 
(2) 
if "Single Target (Barrier)" is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, and (i) if "Barrier Event Satisfaction Required" 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and an Interest 
Barrier Event has occurred, the Underlying Return will be a 
percentage equal to the Single Target Underlying 
Performance (Barrier Event Satisfied) Percentage, or (ii) if 
"Barrier Event Satisfaction Not Required" is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and an Interest Barrier Event has not 
occurred, a percentage equal to the Single Target 
Underlying Performance (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) 
Percentage; or 
(iv) 
if "Oasis" is specified as applicable in respect of Underlying Return 
in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount expressed as a percentage 
and determined in accordance with the following formula (the 
Oasis Interim Percentage), where each relevant constituent value 
is determined in relation to the relevant Interest Underlying: 
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙 𝑓𝑜𝑟 𝑠𝑢𝑐ℎ 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑃𝑎𝑦𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 𝐷𝑎𝑡𝑒−𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝑆𝑡𝑟𝑖𝑘𝑒 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐼𝑛𝑖𝑡𝑖𝑎𝑙 𝐿𝑒𝑣𝑒𝑙
 
PROVIDED THAT: 
(1) 
if "Oasis – Best Performing Only" is specified in respect of 
Underlying Return in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Underlying Return for the Best Oasis Performer will be 
deemed to be the Oasis Interest Underlying Performance 
Percentage specified in the applicable Issue Terms and not 
the Oasis Interim Percentage calculated in accordance with 
the formula above; or 
(2) 
if "Oasis – Multiple Best Performing" is specified in respect 
of Underlying Return in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Underlying Return for each Best Oasis Performer will be 
deemed to be the Oasis Interest Underlying Performance 
Percentage specified in the Table set out in the applicable 
Issue Terms in respect of such Best Oasis Performer and not 
the Oasis Interim Percentage calculated in accordance with 
the formula above. 
PROVIDED THAT, if (x) a Maximum Underlying Return is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Underlying Return 
is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Underlying Return is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
the Underlying Return is subject to such minimum percentage (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Underlying Return and a Minimum 
Underlying is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Underlying Return is subject to such maximum percentage and 
minimum percentage (a collar);

--- Page 685 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
657 
 
Wn means 
(A) 
in respect of an Interest Underlying and an Interest Payment 
Date and where Weighted Basket Observation is specified 
as applicable in respect of the Interim Performance 
Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, the percentage 
weighting specified for such Interest Underlying in the 
applicable Issue Terms. Where "Rainbow Weighting" is 
specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, Wn will be a 
percentage weighting for such Interest Underlying 
depending on such Interest Underlying's performance 
determined in respect of the relevant Interest Payment Date. 
Accordingly, in order to determine Wn for an Interest 
Underlying where "Rainbow Weighting" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Interim 
Performance of such Interest Underlying shall first be 
calculated as provided in paragraph (C) of the definition of 
Interim Performance and thereafter the Wn shall be assigned 
in accordance with the rankings set out in the applicable 
Issue Terms; 
(B) 
where Outperformance Observation and, in respect of 
Interim Outperformance A Underlying, Weighted Basket 
Observation is specified as applicable in respect of the 
Interim Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue 
Terms, in respect of an Interim Outperformance A 
Underlying and an Interest Payment Date, the percentage 
weighting specified for such Interim Outperformance A 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. Where "Rainbow 
Weighting" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, Wn 
will be a percentage weighting for such Interim 
Outperformance A Underlying depending on such Interim 
Outperformance A Underlying's performance determined in 
respect of the relevant Interest Payment Date. Accordingly, 
in order to determine Wn for an Interim Outperformance A 
Underlying where "Rainbow Weighting" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Interim 
Performance of such Interim Outperformance A Underlying 
shall first be calculated as provided in paragraph III of the 
definition of Outperf A and thereafter the Wn shall be 
assigned in accordance with the rankings set out in the 
applicable Issue Terms; or 
(C) 
where Outperformance Observation and, in respect of 
Interim Outperformance B Underlying, Weighted Basket 
Observation is specified as applicable in respect of the 
Interim Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue 
Terms, in respect of an Interim Outperformance B 
Underlying and an Interest Payment Date, the percentage 
weighting specified for such Interim Outperformance B 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. Where "Rainbow 
Weighting" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, Wn 
will be a percentage weighting for such Interim 
Outperformance B Underlying depending on such Interim 
Outperformance B Underlying's performance determined in 
respect of the relevant Interest Payment Date. Accordingly, 
in order to determine Wn for an Interim Outperformance A 
Underlying where "Rainbow Weighting" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Interim 
Performance of such Interim Outperformance B Underlying 
shall first be calculated as provided in paragraph III of the

--- Page 686 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
658 
 
definition of Outperf B and thereafter the Wn shall be 
assigned in accordance with the rankings set out in the 
applicable Issue Terms, 
PROVIDED THAT, where "Rainbow Weighting" applies, if two 
or more Interest Underlyings, Interim Outperformance A 
Underlyings or Interim Outperformance B Underlyings have an 
equal Interim Performance, their ranking shall be determined in 
accordance with the Equality Adjustment. 
X means the number of Oasis Best Performers specified in the 
Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of Underlying 
Return. 
(iii) 
Definitions relating to the determination of whether interest is due on an 
Interest Payment Date 
An "Interest Barrier Event" will occur in respect of an Interest Payment Date, 
each related Interest Barrier Observation Date in the case of (G) below, and, as 
applicable, the relevant Interest Period, if: 
(A) 
where the Interest Barrier Event is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "Interest Barrier Event European Observation", in the determination 
of the Calculation Agent, the (i) Underlying Closing Level or (ii) if "Sum 
of" is specified in respect of the Interest Barrier Event in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the sum of the Underlying Closing Levels of the Interest 
Barrier Underlying(s), satisfy the relevant Interest Barrier Level on the 
Interest Barrier Observation Date; 
(B) 
where the Interest Barrier Event is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "Interest Barrier Event European Performance Observation", in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, the Interim Performance of the 
Interest Barrier Underlying(s) in respect of such Interest Payment Date 
satisfy the relevant Interest Barrier Level; 
(C) 
where the Interest Barrier Event is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "Interest Barrier Event American Observation – Closing Level", in 
the determination of the Calculation Agent, the (i) Underlying Closing 
Level or (ii) if "Sum of" is specified in respect of the Interest Barrier Event 
in the applicable Issue Terms, the sum of the Underlying Closing Levels 
of the Interest Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the relevant Interest Barrier 
Level on each Interest Barrier Observation Date; 
(D) 
where the Interest Barrier Event is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "Interest Barrier Event American Observation – Intra-Day Level", in 
the determination of the Calculation Agent, the (i) Underlying Level or (ii) 
if "Sum of" is specified in respect of the Interest Barrier Event in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the sum of the Underlying Levels of the Interest 
Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the relevant Interest Barrier Level on each 
Interest Barrier Observation Date; 
(E) 
where the Interest Barrier Event is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "Interest Barrier Event American One-Touch Observation – Closing 
Level", the (i) Underlying Closing Level or (ii) if "Sum of" is specified in 
respect of the Interest Barrier Event in the applicable Issue Terms, the sum 
of the Underlying Closing Levels of the Interest Barrier Underlying(s) 
satisfy the relevant Interest Barrier Level on any Interest Barrier 
Observation Date;  
(F) 
where the Interest Barrier Event is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "Interest Barrier Event American One-Touch Observation – Intra-

--- Page 687 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
659 
 
Day Level", in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the (i) 
Underlying Level or (ii) if "Sum of" is specified in respect of the Interest 
Barrier Event in the applicable Issue Terms, the sum of the Underlying 
Levels of the Interest Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the relevant Interest 
Barrier Level on any Interest Barrier Observation Date;  
(G) 
where the Interest Barrier Event is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "Interest Barrier Event American Performance Observation", in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, the (i) Interim Performance or (ii) 
if "Sum of" is specified in respect of the Interest Barrier Event in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the sum of the Interim Performances of the Interest 
Barrier Underlying(s) in respect of such Interest Payment Date and each 
Interest Barrier Observation Date related thereto, satisfy the relevant 
Interest Barrier Level and, as the Interim Performance shall be calculated 
in respect of each Interest Barrier Observation Date relating to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date, then:  
I. 
reference in the definition of Interim Performance to "Interest 
Reference Level for such Interest Payment Date" shall be construed 
to be to the "Underlying Closing Level for the relevant Interest 
Underlying for the relevant Interest Barrier Observation Date 
converted at the FX on such Interest Barrier Observation Date"; and  
II. 
reference to Interim Performance being calculated "in respect of an 
Interest Payment Date" or "for an Interest Payment Date" shall be 
construed to be to "in respect of or, as the case may be, for an 
Interest Payment Date and the relevant Interest Barrier Observation 
Date"; and 
III. 
the Interim Performance Underlying(s) (if any) shall be determined 
in respect of the relevant Interest Barrier Observation Date; and/or  
(H) 
where "Interest Barrier Event Lock-In" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, in the determination of the Calculation Agent an 
Interest Lock-in Event has occurred in respect of any prior Interest 
Payment Date. 
As used above, "satisfy" means that the relevant Underlying Closing Level, 
Interim Performance or Underlying Level, as the case may be, are in the case of 
(i) below in the definition of Interest Barrier Level, greater than, greater than (or 
equal to), less than or less than (or equal to), as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms in relation to the relevant Interest Barrier Event, the relevant Interest 
Barrier Level; or in the case of (ii) below in the definition of Interest Barrier 
Level, are neither less than the relevant Lower Interest Barrier Level nor greater 
than the relevant Upper Interest Barrier Level, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent and, in each case, where the Securities are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be Multi-Chance Securities, an Interest Barrier Event 
shall be determined in respect of each Interest Barrier Underlying separately (as 
the Interest Amount due on the relevant Interest Payment Date is dependent on 
the number of Interest Barrier Underlyings for which an Interest Barrier Event 
occurs). 
Where: 
Interest Barrier Underlying(s) means the Interest Underlying(s) specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms.  
Interest Barrier Level means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date and an 
Interest Barrier Underlying or, as the case may be, all of the Interest Barrier 
Underlyings, (i) where a single Interest Barrier Level is specified, whichever of 
greater than, greater than (or equal to), less than or less than (or equal to) in respect

--- Page 688 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
660 
 
of an Interest Barrier Underlying or, as the case may be, all of the Interest Barrier 
Underlyings as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the percentage level 
specified as such for such Interest Payment Date in the Table set out in the 
applicable Issue Terms, or (ii) where percentage levels are specified in respect of 
an Interest Barrier Underlying or, as the case may be, all of the Interest Barrier 
Underlyings for such Interest Payment Date in the Table set out in the applicable 
Issue Terms one as a Lower Interest Barrier Level and one as an Upper Interest 
Barrier Level for such Interest Barrier Underlying, that the Interest Barrier Level 
shall mean any level that is greater than or greater than (or equal to) such Lower 
Interest Barrier Level and less than or less than (or equal to) such Upper Interest 
Barrier Level. 
Interest Lock-in Event means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, each 
related Interest Barrier Observation Date in the case of (G) above, and, as 
applicable, the relevant Interest Period, that an Interest Barrier Event has occurred 
and on the Interest Payment Date or Interest Barrier Observation Date(s), as the 
case may be, on which the Interest Barrier Level was, as the case may be, or were 
satisfied the relevant Underlying Level, Underlying Closing Level or Interim 
Performance, as the case may be, used to determine the satisfaction of the Interest 
Barrier Level in respect of the Interest Barrier Underlying(s) also satisfied the 
Interest Lock-in Level. For such purpose, "satisfy" shall be construed as set out 
in the definition of Interest Barrier Event above. 
Interest Lock-in Level means in respect of an Interest Payment Date and an 
Interest Barrier Underlying or, as the case may be, all of the Interest Barrier 
Underlyings, (i) where a single Interest Lock-in Level is specified, whichever of 
greater than, greater than (or equal to), less than or less than (or equal to) in respect 
of an Interest Barrier Underlying or, as the case may be, all of the Interest Barrier 
Underlyings as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the percentage level 
specified as such for such Interest Payment Date in the Table set out in the 
applicable Issue Terms or (ii) where percentage levels are specified in respect of 
an Interest Barrier Underlying or, as the case may be, all of the Interest Barrier 
Underlyings for such Interest Payment Date in the Table set out in the applicable 
Issue Terms one as a Lower Interest Lock-in Level and one as an Upper Interest 
Lock-in Level for such Interest Barrier Underlying, that the Interest Lock-in Level 
shall mean any level that is greater than (or equal to) such Lower Interest Lock-
in Level and less than (or equal to) such Upper Interest Lock-in Level. 
(iv) 
Definitions relating to the determination of the amount of interest due on an 
Interest Payment Date 
Interest Amount means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date:  
(A) 
where the Securities are expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to be 
Fixed Rate Securities (other than Fixed Rate Securities that are specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms to be Lookback Securities, Multi-Chance 
Securities or Range Accrual Securities), Floating Rate Securities, CMS 
Rate Securities, Spread Securities or Range Accrual (Expanded) 
Securities, the amount (if any) determined as provided in Condition 4 
below and in the applicable Issue Terms;  
(B) 
where the Securities are expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to be 
Fixed Rate Securities that are Lookback Securities, and where interest is 
due in accordance with this Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the 
applicable Issue Terms, (i) the amount in respect of each Security specified 
as the "Interest Amount" for such Interest Payment Date in the Table set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms plus (ii) the sum of the amounts specified 
as the "Interest Amount" (if any) in respect of all of the Interest Payment 
Dates (if any) falling prior to such Interest Payment Date (x) on which an 
Interest Barrier Event did not occur and, therefore, such Interest 
Amount(s) was not paid on such prior Interest Payment Date and (y) which

--- Page 689 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
661 
 
have not already been accounted for as described in this part (ii) on any 
prior Interest Payment Date, provided that the Securities may be expressed 
in the applicable Issue Terms to be Fixed Rate Securities that are Lookback 
Securities in respect of one or more specified Interest Amounts payable in 
respect of one or more specified Interest Payment Dates only;  
(C) 
where the Securities are expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to be 
Fixed Rate Securities that are Multi-Chance Securities, and where interest 
is due in accordance with this Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the 
applicable Issue Terms, the amount in respect of each Security specified 
as the "Interest Amount" for the number of Interest Barrier Underlying(s) 
for which an Interest Barrier Event has occurred in respect of such Interest 
Payment Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms (as the 
Interest Amount due shall depend on the number of Interest Barrier 
Underlyings for which an Interest Barrier Event occurs); 
(D) 
where the Securities are expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to be 
Fixed Rate Securities that are Range Accrual Securities, the amount (if 
any) determined as provided in Condition 4 below and in the applicable 
Issue Terms, which shall specify that the applicable Day Count Fraction 
shall be multiplied by the applicable Accrual Rate. The applicable Accrual 
Rate in respect of an Interest Period and the related Interest Payment Date 
shall be an amount expressed as a decimal determined in accordance with 
the following formula: 
𝐷𝑎𝑦𝑠 𝐴𝑐𝑐𝑟𝑢𝑒𝑑
𝐷𝑎𝑦𝑠 𝑂𝑏𝑠𝑒𝑟𝑣𝑒𝑑 
Where: 
Days Accrued means the number of Interest Barrier Observation Dates in 
such Interest Period on which an Interest Barrier Event occurs. 
Days Observed means the number of Range Accrual Determination Dates 
in such Interest Period. 
(E) 
where the Securities are expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to be 
Inflation Rate Securities, and where interest is due in accordance with this 
Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms, an 
amount in respect of each Security determined by reference to either: 
I. 
where an Interest Participation Rate is not specified in the Table set 
out in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the following formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡× ([
𝑈𝐶𝐿 𝑅𝑒𝑙𝑒𝑣𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝑀𝑜𝑛𝑡ℎ𝑠 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑟
𝑈𝐶𝐿12 + 𝑅𝑒𝑙𝑒𝑣𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝑀𝑜𝑛𝑡ℎ𝑠 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑟−1] + 𝑀𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑖𝑛) × 𝐷𝐶𝐹; 𝑜𝑟 
II. 
where an Interest Participation Rate is specified in the Table set out 
in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the following formula:  
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡× ([
𝑈𝐶𝐿 𝑅𝑒𝑙𝑒𝑣𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝑀𝑜𝑛𝑡ℎ𝑠 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑟
𝑈𝐶𝐿12 + 𝑅𝑒𝑙𝑒𝑣𝑎𝑛𝑡 𝑀𝑜𝑛𝑡ℎ𝑠 𝑃𝑟𝑖𝑜𝑟−1] + 𝑀𝑎𝑟𝑔𝑖𝑛) × 𝐷𝐶𝐹× 𝐼𝑃𝑅 
PROVIDED HOWEVER, in the case of each of I and II above, if (x) a 
Maximum Interest Amount is specified in respect of such Interest Payment 
Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms, then such Interest 
Amount is subject to such maximum amount (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Interest Amount is specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in 
the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms, then such Interest Amount 
is subject to such minimum amount (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Interest 
Amount and a Minimum Interest Amount is specified in respect of such

--- Page 690 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
662 
 
Interest Payment Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then such Interest Amount is subject to such maximum amount and a 
minimum amount (a collar), 
where: 
DCF means the Day Count Fraction (as defined in Condition 4 below) 
and, for which purpose, an Interest Period and Interest Period End Date 
shall be as defined in Condition 4 below. 
Interest Amount Inflation Index means any Underlying which is an 
Inflation Index and is designated as the Interest Amount Inflation Index in 
the applicable Issue Terms.  
Margin means the percentage rate specified for such Interest Payment 
Date in the applicable Issue Terms, which shall be preceded with either a 
"+" (plus) or a "-" minus sign. 
UCL Relevant Months Prior means the Underlying Closing Level of the 
Interest Amount Inflation Index on the date falling the number of calendar 
months prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. Such date shall be deemed to be a Specified 
Valuation Date for the purpose of, and subject to adjustment as provided 
in, the Conditions.  
UCL 12 + Relevant Months Prior means the Underlying Closing Level 
of the Interest Amount Inflation Index on the date falling the number of 
calendar months prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms and which shall be the month falling 12 
months prior to the UCL Relevant Months Prior. Such date shall be 
deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date for the purpose of, and subject to 
adjustment as provided in, the Conditions; 
(F) 
where the Securities are expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to be 
Interim Performance Interest Securities and where interest is due in 
accordance with this Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the 
applicable Issue Terms, an amount in respect of each Security determined 
by reference to either: 
I. 
where neither an Interest Participation Rate nor an Interest 
Adjustment is specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in 
the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance 
is specified as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
following formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝑥 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠); or 
II. 
where an Interest Participation Rate but no Interest Adjustment is 
specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified 
as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the following 
formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝑥 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠) 𝑥 𝐼𝑃𝑅; or 
III. 
where an FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms but no Interest Participation Rate or Interest 
Adjustment is specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in 
the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms, the following 
formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝑥 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠) 𝑥 𝐹𝑋 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒; or

--- Page 691 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
663 
 
IV. 
where an Interest Adjustment but no Interest Participation Rate is 
specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified 
as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the following 
formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝑥 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠) +  𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐴𝑑𝑗𝑢𝑠𝑡𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑠; or 
V. 
where an Interest Participation Rate but no Interest Adjustment is 
specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified 
as Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the following formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝑥 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠) 𝑥 𝐼𝑃𝑅 𝑥 𝐹𝑋 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒; or 
VI. 
where an Interest Participation Rate and Interest Adjustment are 
specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified 
as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the following 
formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝑥 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠) 𝑥 𝐼𝑃𝑅+ 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐴𝑑𝑗𝑢𝑠𝑡𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡; or 
VII. 
where an Interest Adjustment but no Interest Participation Rate is 
specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified 
as Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the following formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝑥 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠) 𝑥 𝐹𝑋 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒+ 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐴𝑑𝑗𝑢𝑠𝑡𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡; or 
VIII. where an Interest Participation Rate and an Interest Adjustment are 
specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified 
as Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the following formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝑥 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠) 𝑥 𝐼𝑃𝑅 𝑥 𝐹𝑋 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒
+ 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐴𝑑𝑗𝑢𝑠𝑡𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 
PROVIDED HOWEVER, in the case of each of I to VIII above, that if (x) 
a Maximum Interest Amount is specified in respect of such Interest 
Payment Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms, then such 
Interest Amount is subject to such maximum amount (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interest Amount is specified in respect of such Interest Payment 
Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms, then such Interest 
Amount is subject to such minimum amount (a floor); or (z) a Maximum 
Interest Amount and a Minimum Interest Amount is specified in respect 
of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then such Interest Amount is subject to such maximum amount and 
a minimum amount (a collar); 
(G) 
where the Securities are expressed to be Twin Win Interim Performance 
Interest Securities and where interest is due in accordance with this 
Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms, any 
amount in respect of each Security determined by reference to either: 
I. 
where neither an Interest Participation Rate or an Interest 
Adjustment is specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in 
the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance 
is specified as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
following formula: 
Calculation Amount ×  Abs (Interim Performance of Interim Performance Underlying(s)); or

--- Page 692 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
664 
 
II. 
where an Interest Participation Rate but no Interest Adjustment is 
specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified 
as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the following 
formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 ×  𝐴𝑏𝑠 (𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠)) ×  𝐼𝑃𝑅; or 
III. 
where an FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms but no Interest Participation Rate or Interest 
Adjustment is specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in 
the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms, the following 
formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 ×  𝐴𝑏𝑠 (𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠)) ×  𝐹𝑋 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒; or 
IV. 
where an Interest Adjustment but no Interest Participation Rate is 
specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified 
as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the following 
formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 ×  𝐴𝑏𝑠 (𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠)) +  𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐴𝑑𝑗𝑢𝑠𝑡𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡; or 
V. 
where an Interest Participation Rate but no Interest Adjustment is 
specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified 
as Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the following formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 ×  𝐴𝑏𝑠 (𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠)) ×  𝐼𝑃𝑅 ×  𝐹𝑋 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒; or 
VI. 
where an Interest Participation Rate and Interest Adjustment are 
specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified 
as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the following 
formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 ×  𝐴𝑏𝑠 (𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠)) ×  𝐼𝑃𝑅 +  𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐴𝑑𝑗𝑢𝑠𝑡𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡; or 
VII. 
where an Interest Adjustment but no Interest Participation is 
specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified 
as Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the following formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 ×  𝐴𝑏𝑠 (𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠)) ×  𝐹𝑋 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 +
 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐴𝑑𝑗𝑢𝑠𝑡𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡; or 
VIII. where an Interest Participation and an Interest Adjustment are 
specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified 
as Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the following formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 ×  𝐴𝑏𝑠 (𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠)) ×  𝐼𝑃𝑅 ×  𝐹𝑋 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒+ 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐴𝑑𝑗𝑢𝑠𝑡𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 
PROVIDED HOWEVER, in the case of each of I to VIII above, that if (x) 
a Maximum Interest Amount is specified in respect of such Interest 
Payment Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms, then such 
Interest Amount is subject to such maximum amount (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interest Amount is specified in respect of such Interest Payment 
Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms, then such Interest 
Amount is subject to such minimum amount (a floor); or (z) a Maximum 
Interest Amount and a Minimum Interest Amount is specified in respect 
of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue

--- Page 693 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
665 
 
Terms, then such Interest Amount is subject to such maximum amount and 
a minimum amount (a collar); and 
(H) 
where the Securities are expressed to be Reverse Interim Performance 
Interest Securities and where interest is due in accordance with this 
Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms, any 
amount in respect of each Security determined by reference to either: 
I. 
where neither an Interest Participation Rate nor an Interest 
Adjustment is specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in 
the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance 
is specified as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
following formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 × (𝑍% –  𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠)); or 
II. 
where an Interest Participation Rate but no Interest Adjustment is 
specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified 
as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the following 
formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 × (𝑍% –  𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠) ×  𝐼𝑃𝑅); or 
III. 
where an FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms but no Interest Participation Rate or Interest 
Adjustment is specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in 
the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms, the following 
formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 × (𝑍% –  𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠)) ×  𝐹𝑋 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒; or 
IV. 
where an Interest Adjustment but no Interest Participation Rate is 
specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified 
as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the following 
formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 × (𝑍% –  𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠)) +  𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐴𝑑𝑗𝑢𝑠𝑡𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡; or 
V. 
where an Interest Participation Rate but no Interest Adjustment is 
specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified 
as Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the following formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 × (𝑍% –  𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠) ×  𝐼𝑃𝑅) ×  𝐹𝑋 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒; or 
VI. 
where an Interest Participation Rate and Interest Adjustment are 
specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified 
as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the following 
formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 × (𝑍% –  𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠) ×  𝐼𝑃𝑅) +  𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐴𝑑𝑗𝑢𝑠𝑡𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡; or 
VII. 
where an Interest Adjustment but no Interest Participation is 
specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set 
out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified 
as Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the following formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝑥 (𝑍% –  𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠)) 𝑥 𝐹𝑋 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 +  𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐴𝑑𝑗𝑢𝑠𝑡𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡; or 
VIII. where an Interest Participation and an Interest Adjustment are 
specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set

--- Page 694 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
666 
 
out in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified 
as Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the following formula: 
𝐶𝑎𝑙𝑐𝑢𝑙𝑎𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛 𝐴𝑚𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 × (𝑍% –  𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑖𝑚 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑈𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑟𝑙𝑦𝑖𝑛𝑔(𝑠) ×  𝐼𝑃𝑅) ×  𝐹𝑋 𝑃𝑒𝑟𝑓𝑜𝑟𝑚𝑎𝑛𝑐𝑒 +  𝐼𝑛𝑡𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑠𝑡 𝐴𝑑𝑗𝑢𝑠𝑡𝑚𝑒𝑛𝑡 
PROVIDED HOWEVER, in the case of each of I to VIII above, that if (x) 
a Maximum Interest Amount is specified in respect of such Interest 
Payment Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms, then such 
Interest Amount is subject to such maximum amount (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Interest Amount is specified in respect of such Interest Payment 
Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms, then such Interest 
Amount is subject to such minimum amount (a floor); or (z) a Maximum 
Interest Amount and a Minimum Interest Amount is specified in respect 
of such Interest Payment Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then such Interest Amount is subject to such maximum amount and 
a minimum amount (a collar). 
Where Target Mandatory Early Redemption (Capped) Provisions is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, then the relevant 
Interest Amount shall be determined in accordance with paragraph (A), 
(B), (C), (D), (E), (F), (G) or (H) above, as applicable, but such Interest 
Amount so determined shall be subject to a maximum amount (a cap). 
Such cap shall be an amount determined to be the Target Mandatory Early 
Redemption Threshold Amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
less the sum of all the Interest Amount(s) (if any) paid in respect of a 
Security for all the Interest Payment Date(s) (if any) falling prior to such 
Interest Payment Date. 
Interest Adjustment means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, the 
amount (which may be either positive or negative) specified in the 
applicable Table under the heading Interest Adjustment in the applicable 
Issue Terms PROVIDED THAT if "Barrier Event Applicable" is specified 
in the Table in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of Interest 
Adjustment, the Interest Adjustment will be the Barrier Event Satisfied 
Interest Adjustment if a Barrier Event has occurred or the Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied Interest Adjustment, if a Barrier Event has not occurred. 
Interest Participation Rate or IPR means, in respect of an Interest 
Payment Date or Interest Valuation Date in respect of an Interest Payment 
Date, the percentage rate specified for such Interest Payment Date under 
the heading "IPR" in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Z means the percentage specified in the Table in the applicable Issue 
Terms in respect of the relevant Interest Underlying. 
(b) 
Definitions relating to Mandatory Early Redemption 
(i) 
Dates 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date or MER Date means each date specified 
as such in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Specified Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Observation Date or 
Specified MER Barrier Observation Date means in respect of a Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date, each date or dates specified as such for such Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms. Each 
such date shall be deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date and shall be adjusted 
as provided in these Valuation and Settlement Conditions and the applicable Issue 
Terms, and each such date, as so adjusted, shall be a "Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Observation Date" or a "MER Barrier Observation 
Date".

--- Page 695 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
667 
 
Specified Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Date or Specified MER Strike 
Date means, in respect of an Underlying, each date or dates specified as such in 
the applicable Issue Terms. Each such date shall be deemed to be a Specified 
Valuation Date and shall be adjusted as provided in these Valuation and 
Settlement Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms, and each such date, as so 
adjusted, shall be a "Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Date" or a "MER 
Strike Date". 
Specified Mandatory Early Redemption Upper Barrier Event Valuation 
Date or Specified MER Upper Barrier Event Valuation Date means, in respect 
of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date, each date designated as such for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue 
Terms. Each such date shall be deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date and shall 
be adjusted as provided in these Valuation and Settlement Conditions and the 
applicable Issue Terms, and each such date, as so adjusted, shall be a "Mandatory 
Early Redemption Upper Barrier Event Valuation Date" or "MER Upper 
Barrier Event Valuation Date".  
Specified Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Date means, in respect of 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Date, each date designated as such for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date in the Table set out in the applicable Issue 
Terms. Each such date shall be deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date and shall 
be adjusted as provided in these Valuation and Settlement Conditions and the 
applicable Issue Terms, and each such date, as so adjusted, shall be a "Mandatory 
Early Redemption Valuation Date".  
(ii) 
Definitions relating to the Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying(s), the 
performance of the Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying(s) and levels 
of the Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying(s) 
Cross Rate I Designated Page means, in respect of a MER Underlying and the 
FX for such Underlying, such page as is specified for such MER Underlying in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
Cross Rate II Designated Page means, in respect of a MER Underlying and the 
FX for such Underlying, such page as is specified for such MER Underlying in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
Cross Rate I Designated Time means, in respect of a MER Underlying and the 
FX for such Underlying, the time specified for such MER Underlying in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Cross Rate II Designated Time means, in respect of a MER Underlying and the 
FX for such Underlying, the time specified for such MER Underlying in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Designated Page means, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying and the FX for such Underlying, such page as is specified for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Designated Time means, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying and the FX for such Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying, the 
time specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Equality Adjustment means that, in respect of two or more performances, levels 
or values determined by the Calculation Agent to be equally high or low, the 
Calculation Agent will deem any of such equal highest or lowest performances, 
levels or values to be the highest or lowest performance, level or value, in its 
discretion. 
FX means, for the purpose of this Condition 1.1(b), where FX Provisions are 
specified as applicable in respect of the Mandatory Early Redemption Provisions

--- Page 696 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
668 
 
in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of (a) a Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying and the level or value (as provided on the applicable Electronic Page 
(as defined in Condition 2 below)) of which is expressed or determined to be in a 
currency other than the Specified Currency (being, in the case of Dual Currency 
Securities, the Denomination Currency) (the Relevant Currency), either: (i) 
where Quanto Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the rate specified for such Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying in 
the applicable Issue Terms; or (ii) where Compo FX Provisions are specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the average of the mid Relevant 
Currency/Specified Currency exchange rates quoted on the Designated Page at 
the Designated Time on the or each relevant Valuation Date (or such other page 
or service that may replace the Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the 
mid Relevant Currency/Specified Currency exchange rate or any other page or 
service as the Calculation Agent may select for this purpose which displays such 
exchange rate) at such time(s) on the or each relevant Valuation Date as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine (expressed as the number of units of the 
Relevant Currency (or part thereof) for which one unit of the Specified Currency 
can be exchanged) PROVIDED THAT if any such FX cannot be determined as 
specified above it shall be determined by the Calculation Agent at such time(s) 
and by reference to such source(s) as it deems appropriate; or (b) otherwise, 1,  
PROVIDED THAT: (x) if Reciprocal Rate is specified in respect of such MER 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms, FX shall be 1 divided by the rate 
calculated pursuant to the above (rounded to four decimal places); or (y) if Cross 
Rate is specified in respect of such Interest Underlying in the applicable Issue 
Terms, FX shall be the average of the mid Cross Rate A Currency/Cross Rate B 
Currency exchange rates quoted on the Cross Rate I Designated Page at the Cross 
Rate I Designated Time on the or each relevant Valuation Date (or such other 
page or service that may replace the Cross Rate I Designated Page for the purpose 
of displaying the mid Cross Rate A Currency/Cross Rate B Currency exchange 
rate or any other page or service as the Calculation Agent may select for this 
purpose which displays such exchange rate) at such time(s) on the or each relevant 
Valuation Date as the Calculation Agent shall determine (all rounded to four 
decimal places) divided by Cross Rate A Currency/Cross Rate C Currency 
exchange rates quoted on the Cross Rate II Designated Page at the Cross Rate II 
Designated Time on the or each relevant Valuation Date (or such other page or 
service that may replace the Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the 
mid Cross Rate A Currency/Cross Rate C Currency exchange rate or any other 
page or service as the Calculation Agent may select for this purpose which 
displays such exchange rate) at such time(s) on the or each relevant Valuation 
Date as the Calculation Agent shall determine (all rounded to four decimal places) 
PROVIDED THAT if any such FX cannot be determined as specified above it 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent at such time(s) and by reference to 
such source(s) as it deems appropriate.  
FX Performance means, in respect of a MER Date, an amount expressed as a 
percentage and determined in accordance with the following formula:  
FX Perf Final
FX Perf Initial 
where, 
FX Perf Final means: 
(a) 
where an Underlying that is an FX Rate is designated to be the FX Perf 
Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, the Underlying Closing Level of such 
Underlying for the Specified MER Valuation Date relating to that MER 
Date (or, if more than one such date is specified, the last occurring 
Specified MER Valuation Date relating to that MER Date); or

--- Page 697 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
669 
 
(b) 
where no Underlying that is an FX Rate is designated to be the FX Perf 
Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, the average of the mid FX Perf A 
Currency/FX Perf B Currency exchange rates quoted on the FX Perf 
Designated Page at the FX Perf Designated Time on the Final FX Perf 
Valuation Date (or such other page or service that may replace the FX Perf 
Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the mid FX Perf A 
Currency/FX Perf B Currency exchange rate or any other page or service 
as the Calculation Agent may select for this purpose which displays such 
exchange rate) at such time(s) on the Final FX Perf Valuation Date as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine PROVIDED THAT if such rate cannot 
be determined as specified in this sub-paragraph (b) it shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent at such time(s) and by reference to such source(s) 
as it deems appropriate,  
PROVIDED THAT: (x) if Reciprocal Rate is specified in respect of such FX Perf 
Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, FX Perf Final shall be 1 divided by the rate 
calculated pursuant to as provided above in this sub-paragraph (b) (rounded to 
four decimal places); and (y) if FX Perf Cross Rate is specified in respect of such 
FX Perf Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, FX Perf Final shall be the average of 
the mid FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/ FX Perf Cross Rate B Currency 
exchange rates quoted on the FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Page at the FX 
Perf Cross Rate I Designated Time on the Final FX Perf Valuation Date (or such 
other page or service that may replace the FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Page 
for the purpose of displaying the mid FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX Perf 
Cross Rate B Currency exchange rate or any other page or service as the 
Calculation Agent may select for this purpose which displays such exchange rate) 
at such time(s) on the Final FX Perf Valuation Date as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine (all rounded to four decimal places) divided by the FX Perf Cross Rate 
A Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate C Currency exchange rates quoted on the FX Perf 
Cross Rate II Designated Page at the FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated Time on 
the Final FX Perf Valuation Date (or such other page or service that may replace 
the FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the mid 
FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate C Currency exchange rate or 
any other page or service as the Calculation Agent may select for this purpose 
which displays such exchange rate) at such time(s) on the Final FX Perf Valuation 
Date as the Calculation Agent shall determine (all rounded to four decimal places) 
PROVIDED THAT if such rate cannot be determined as specified above it shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent at such time(s) and by reference to such 
source(s) as it deems appropriate. 
FX Perf Initial means either an amount specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms or, if no such amount is so specified: 
(a) 
where an Underlying that is an FX Rate is designated to be the FX Perf 
Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, the Underlying Closing Level of such 
Underlying for the Specified MER Strike Date relating to that MER Date 
(or, if more than one such date is specified, the last occurring Specified 
MER Strike Date relating to that MER Date); or 
(b) 
where no Underlying that is an FX Rate is designated to be the FX Perf 
Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, the average of the mid FX Perf A 
Currency/FX Perf B Currency exchange rates quoted on the FX Perf 
Designated Page at the FX Perf Designated Time on the Initial FX Perf 
Valuation Date (or such other page or service that may replace the FX Perf 
Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the mid FX Perf A 
Currency/FX Perf B Currency exchange rate or any other page or service 
as the Calculation Agent may select for this purpose which displays such 
exchange rate) at such time(s) on the Initial FX Perf Valuation Date as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine PROVIDED THAT if such rate cannot 
be determined as specified in this sub-paragraph (b) it shall be determined

--- Page 698 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
670 
 
by the Calculation Agent at such time(s) and by reference to such source(s) 
as it deems appropriate,  
PROVIDED THAT: (x) if Reciprocal Rate is specified in respect of such FX Perf 
Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, FX Perf Final shall be 1 divided by the rate 
calculated pursuant to as provided above in this sub-paragraph (b) (rounded to 
four decimal places); and (y) if FX Perf Cross Rate is specified in respect of such 
FX Perf Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, FX Perf Final shall be the average of 
the mid FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate B Currency exchange 
rates quoted on the FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Page at the FX Perf Cross 
Rate I Designated Time on the Initial FX Perf Valuation Date (or such other page 
or service that may replace the FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Page for the 
purpose of displaying the mid FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate 
B Currency exchange rate or any other page or service as the Calculation Agent 
may select for this purpose which displays such exchange rate) at such time(s) on 
the Final FX Perf Valuation Date as the Calculation Agent shall determine (all 
rounded to four decimal places) divided by the FX Perf Cross Rate A 
Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate C Currency exchange rates quoted on the FX Perf 
Cross Rate II Designated Page at the FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated Time on 
the Initial FX Perf Valuation Date (or such other page or service that may replace 
the FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the mid 
FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate C Currency exchange rate or 
any other page or service as the Calculation Agent may select for this purpose 
which displays such exchange rate) at such time(s) on the Initial FX Perf 
Valuation Date as the Calculation Agent shall determine (all rounded to four 
decimal places) PROVIDED THAT if such rate cannot be determined as specified 
above it shall be determined by the Calculation Agent at such time(s) and by 
reference to such source(s) as it deems appropriate. 
Each of "FX Perf Rate", "FX Perf Designated Page", "FX Perf Designated Time", 
"FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency", "FX Perf Cross Rate B Currency", "FX Perf 
Cross Rate C Currency", "FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Page", "FX Perf Cross 
Rate I Designated Time", "FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated Page", "FX Perf 
Cross Rate II Designated Time", "Final FX Perf Valuation Date" and "Initial FX 
Perf Valuation Date" shall be as specified in respect of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Level or MER Initial Level means, 
subject as provided in sub-paragraph (G) of the definition of Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event below, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying and a Mandatory Early Redemption Date: 
(A) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Level is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be "Closing Level on Mandatory Early 
Redemption Strike Date", the Underlying Closing Level of such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying on the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Strike Date, as converted by reference to the relevant FX (if 
any) for the Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Date; 
(B) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Level is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be "Closing Level on MER Re-strike Date", the 
Underlying Closing Level of such Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying on the immediately preceding MER Date or, if none, the 
Underlying Closing Level for such Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying on the Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Date, as converted 
by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Strike Date; 
(C) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Level is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be "Arithmetic Average Closing Level on 
Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Dates", the arithmetic average of the

--- Page 699 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
671 
 
Underlying Closing Level of such Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying on the Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Dates, as 
converted first in each case by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for 
each such Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Date, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
(D) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Level is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be "Lowest Closing Level on Mandatory Early 
Redemption Strike Dates", the lowest (or equal lowest) Underlying 
Closing Level of such Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying on the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Dates, as converted first in each case 
by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Strike Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(E) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Level is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be "Lowest Intra-day Level on Mandatory Early 
Redemption Strike Dates", the lowest (or equal lowest) Underlying Level 
of such Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying on the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Strike Dates, as converted first in each case by reference to 
the relevant FX (if any) for each such Mandatory Early Redemption Strike 
Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent;  
(F) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Level is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be "Highest Closing Level on Mandatory Early 
Redemption Strike Dates", the highest (or equal highest) Underlying 
Closing Level of such Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying on the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Dates, as converted first in each case 
by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Strike Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent;  
(G) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Level is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be "Highest Intra-day Level on Mandatory Early 
Redemption Strike Dates", the highest (or equal highest) Underlying Level 
of such Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying on the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Strike Dates, as converted first in each case by reference to 
the relevant FX (if any) for each such Mandatory Early Redemption Strike 
Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(H) 
a level specified as such for the Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance A Underlying(s) means, in 
respect of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Provisions, the or each 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance B Underlying(s) means, in 
respect of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Provisions, the or each 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance or MER Performance means, 
subject as provided in sub-paragraph (G) of the definition of Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event below, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption 
Date and: 
(A) 
where "Single Underlying Observation" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying, an 
amount expressed as a percentage and determined by reference to the

--- Page 700 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
672 
 
following formula, where each relevant constituent value is determined in 
relation to the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying: 
MER Reference Level for such MER Date −MER Strike Level
MER Initial Level
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT: 
I. 
if (x) a Maximum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Percentage is specified in the Table set out in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance is 
subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Percentage is specified 
in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance is subject to such 
minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Percentage and a Minimum Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance Percentage is specified in the Table 
set out in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance is subject to such maximum percentage 
and minimum percentage (a collar), 
II. 
for the purposes of determining whether a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 
1.1(b)(iii), if (x) a Maximum Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance is subject to such 
minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) and a 
Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance is subject to such 
maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
III. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 
1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Percentage is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or 
(z) a Maximum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance is subject to such 
maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); and 
IV. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 
1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Event has not occurred, if (x) a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied)

--- Page 701 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
673 
 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance is subject to such maximum percentage 
(a cap); (y) a Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Percentage is subject to such minimum percentage (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a 
collar); 
(B) 
where "Weighted Basket Observation" is specified as applicable in respect 
of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms, all of the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlyings, an amount expressed as a percentage and determined by 
reference to the following formula, where each relevant constituent value 
is determined in relation to the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying: 
∑wn  × MER Reference Level for such MER Date −MER Strike Level
MER Initial Level
n
n=1
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT: 
I. 
if (x) a Maximum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Percentage is specified in the Table set out in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance is 
subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Percentage is specified 
in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance is subject to such 
minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Percentage and a Minimum Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance Percentage is specified in the Table 
set out in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance is subject to such maximum percentage 
and minimum percentage (a collar);  
II. 
for the purposes of determining whether a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 
1.1(b)(iii), if (x) a Maximum Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance is subject to such 
minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) and a 
Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance is subject to such 
maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
III. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 
1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum Mandatory Early

--- Page 702 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
674 
 
Redemption Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Percentage is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or 
(z) a Maximum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance is subject to such 
maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); and 
IV. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 
1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Event has not occurred, if (x) a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance is subject to such maximum percentage 
(a cap); (y) a Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Percentage is subject to such minimum percentage (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a 
collar); 
(C) 
where "Best of Basket Observation" or "Worst of Basket Observation" is 
specified as applicable in respect of the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, each of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlyings, an amount expressed as a 
percentage and determined by reference to the following formula, where 
each relevant constituent value is determined in relation to the relevant 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying: 
MER Reference Level for such MER Date −MER Strike Level
MER Initial Level
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT: 
I. 
if (x) a Maximum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Percentage is specified in the Table set out in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance is 
subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Percentage is specified 
in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance is subject to such 
minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Percentage and a Minimum Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance Percentage is specified in the Table 
set out in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance is subject to such maximum percentage 
and minimum percentage (a collar);

--- Page 703 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
675 
 
II. 
for the purposes of determining whether a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 
1.1(b)(iii), if (x) a Maximum Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance is subject to such 
minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) and a 
Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance is subject to such 
maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
III. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 
1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Percentage is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or 
(z) a Maximum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance Percentage (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance is subject to such 
maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); and 
IV. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 
1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Event has not occurred, if (x) a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance is subject to such maximum percentage 
(a cap); (y) a Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Percentage is subject to such minimum percentage (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a 
collar); 
(D) 
where "Outperformance Observation" is specified as applicable in respect 
of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms, an amount expressed as a percentage and 
determined by reference to the following formula: 
[Outperf A −Outperf B] × 100 
For which purpose:

--- Page 704 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
676 
 
Outperf A means, in respect of such Mandatory Early Redemption Date 
and: 
I. 
where "Single Underlying Observation" is specified as applicable 
in respect of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Provisions for Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance A 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms, the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Outperformance A Underlying, an amount expressed 
as a decimal and determined by reference to the following formula, 
where each relevant constituent value is determined in relation to 
the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance A 
Underlying: 
MER Reference Level for such MER Date −MER Strike Level
MER Initial Level
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT: 
1. 
if, 
in 
respect 
of 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance A Underlying (x) a Maximum Outperf A is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Outperf A is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf A is subject to such minimum decimal (a floor); or 
(z) a Maximum Outperf A and a Minimum Outperf A is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a 
collar); 
2. 
for the purposes of determining whether a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iii), if (x) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf A is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); 
(y) a Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such 
minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event) and a Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event) 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
3. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Outperf A (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such 
maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such minimum 
percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf A is subject to such maximum percentage and 
minimum percentage (a collar); and 
4. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 
1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early Redemption 
Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a Maximum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable

--- Page 705 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
677 
 
Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf A is subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or 
(z) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and 
a Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
II. 
where "Weighted Basket Observation" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Provisions for Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance A 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms, all of the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Outperformance A Underlyings, an amount 
expressed as a decimal and determined by reference to the 
following formula, where each relevant constituent value is 
determined in relation to the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption 
Outperformance A Underlying: 
∑wn × MER Reference Level for such MER Date −MER Strike Level
MER Initial Level
n
n=1
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT: 
1. 
if, 
in 
respect 
of 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance A Underlying (x) a Maximum Outperf A is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Outperf A is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf A is subject to such minimum decimal (a floor); or 
(z) a Maximum Outperf A and a Minimum Outperf A is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a 
collar); 
2. 
for the purposes of determining whether a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iii), if (x) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf A is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); 
(y) a Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such 
minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event) and a Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event) 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
3. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Outperf A (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such 
maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such minimum 
percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then

--- Page 706 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
678 
 
Outperf A is subject to such maximum percentage and 
minimum percentage (a collar); and 
4. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); or 
III. 
where "Best of Basket Observation" or "Worst of Basket 
Observation" is specified as applicable in respect of the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance Provisions for Mandatory Early 
Redemption Outperformance A Underlying, each of the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Outperformance A Underlyings, an amount 
expressed as a decimal and determined by reference to the 
following formula, where each relevant constituent value is 
determined in relation to the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption 
Outperformance A Underlying: 
MER Reference Level for such MER Date −MER Strike Level
MER Initial Level
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT: 
1. 
 if, 
in 
respect 
of 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance A Underlying (x) a Maximum Outperf A is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Outperf A is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf A is subject to such minimum decimal (a floor); or 
(z) a Maximum Outperf A and a Minimum Outperf A is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a 
collar); 
2. 
for the purposes of determining whether a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iii), if (x) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf A is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); 
(y) a Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such 
minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event) and a Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event) 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
3. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum

--- Page 707 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
679 
 
Outperf A (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such 
maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such minimum 
percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf A is subject to such maximum percentage and 
minimum percentage (a collar); and 
4. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar). 
Outperf B means, in respect of such Mandatory Early Redemption Date 
and: 
I. 
where "Single Underlying Observation" is specified as applicable 
in respect of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Provisions for Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance B 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms, the Outperformance B 
Underlying, an amount expressed as a decimal and determined by 
reference to the following formula, where each relevant constituent 
value is determined in relation to the relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Outperformance B Underlying: 
MER Reference Level for such MER Date −MER Strike Level
MER Initial Level
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT: 
1. 
if, 
in 
respect 
of 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance B Underlying (x) a Maximum Outperf B is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Outperf B is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such minimum decimal (a floor); or 
(z) a Maximum Outperf B and a Minimum Outperf B is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a 
collar); 
2. 
for the purposes of determining whether a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iii), if (x) a Maximum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); 
(y) a Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such

--- Page 708 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
680 
 
minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event) and a Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event) 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
3. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Outperf B (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such 
maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such minimum 
percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such maximum percentage and 
minimum percentage (a collar); and 
4. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
II. 
where "Weighted Basket Observation" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Provisions for Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance B 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms, all of the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Outperformance B Underlyings, an amount 
expressed as a decimal and determined by reference to the 
following formula, where each relevant constituent value is 
determined in relation to the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption 
Outperformance B Underlying: 
∑wn × MER Reference Level for such MER Date −MER Strike Level
MER Initial Level
n
n=1
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT: 
1. 
if, 
in 
respect 
of 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance B Underlying (x) a Maximum Outperf B is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Outperf B is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such minimum decimal (a floor); or 
(z) a Maximum Outperf B and a Minimum Outperf B is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is

--- Page 709 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
681 
 
subject to such maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a 
collar); 
2. 
for the purposes of determining whether a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iii), if (x) a Maximum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); 
(y) a Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such 
minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event) and a Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event) 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
3. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Outperf B (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such 
maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such minimum 
percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such maximum percentage and 
minimum percentage (a collar); and 
4. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); or 
III. 
where "Best of Basket Observation" or "Worst of Basket 
Observation" is specified as applicable in respect of the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance Provisions for Mandatory Early 
Redemption Outperformance B Underlying, each of the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Outperformance B Underlyings, an amount 
expressed as a decimal and determined by reference to the 
following formula, where each relevant constituent value is 
determined in relation to the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption 
Outperformance B Underlying: 
MER Reference Level for such MER Date −MER Strike Level
MER Initial Level
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT:

--- Page 710 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
682 
 
1. 
if, 
in 
respect 
of 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance B Underlying (x) a Maximum Outperf B is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Outperf B is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such minimum decimal (a floor); or 
(z) a Maximum Outperf B and a Minimum Outperf B is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a 
collar); 
2. 
for the purposes of determining whether a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iii), if (x) a Maximum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); 
(y) a Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such 
minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event) and a Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event) 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
3. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Outperf B (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such 
maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such minimum 
percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
Outperf B is subject to such maximum percentage and 
minimum percentage (a collar); and 
4. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount pursuant to 
Condition 1.1(b)(iv) below and if a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar). 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Underlying(s) or MERPU 
means, subject as provided in sub-paragraph (G) of the definition of Mandatory 
Early Redemption Barrier Event below, either:

--- Page 711 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
683 
 
(A) 
where "Single Underlying Observation" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying; 
(B) 
where "Weighted Basket Observation" is specified as applicable in respect 
of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms, all of the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlyings; 
(C) 
where "Best of Basket Observation" is specified as applicable in respect 
of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date, 
the Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying with the Nth highest (which 
shall, if, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, two or more 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Underlyings are equal Nth 
highest, be determined in accordance with the Equality Adjustment) 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance in respect of such Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent;  
(D) 
where "Worst of Basket Observation" is specified as applicable in respect 
of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date, 
the Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying with the Nth lowest (which 
shall, if, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, two or more 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Underlyings are equal Nth 
lowest, be determined in accordance with the Equality Adjustment) 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance in respect of such Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(E) 
where "Outperformance Observation" is specified as applicable in respect 
of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms, all of the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Outperformance A Underlying(s) and Mandatory Early Redemption 
Outperformance B Underlying(s).  
Mandatory Early Redemption Reference Level or MER Reference Level 
means, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Date or, as the 
case may be, Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Dates, the related 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date and the or each Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying, either: 
(A) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Reference Level is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms to be "Closing Level on Mandatory Early 
Redemption Valuation Date", the Underlying Closing Level of such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying on the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, as converted by reference to the relevant FX 
(if any) for such Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Date; 
(B) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Reference Level is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms to be "Arithmetic Average Closing Level on 
Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Dates", the arithmetic average of 
the Underlying Closing Level of such Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying on the Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Dates, as 
converted first in each case by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for 
each such Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Date, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent; 
(C) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Reference Level is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms to be "Lowest Closing Level on Mandatory 
Early Redemption Valuation Dates", the lowest (or equal lowest) 
Underlying Closing Level of such Mandatory Early Redemption

--- Page 712 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
684 
 
Underlying on the Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Dates, as 
converted first in each case by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for 
each such Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Date, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent; 
(D) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Reference Level is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms to be "Lowest Intra-day Level on Mandatory 
Early Redemption Valuation Dates", the lowest (or equal lowest) 
Underlying Level of such Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying on the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Dates, as converted first in each 
case by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(E) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Reference Level is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms to be "Highest Closing Level on Mandatory 
Early Redemption Valuation Dates", the highest (or equal highest) 
Underlying Closing Level of such Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying on the Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Dates, as 
converted first in each case by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for 
each such Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Date, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent; or 
(F) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Reference Level is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms to be "Highest Intra-day Level on Mandatory 
Early Redemption Valuation Dates", the highest (or equal highest) 
Underlying Level of such Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying on the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Dates, as converted first in each 
case by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Valuation Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Wn means 
(A) 
in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying and a Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date and where Weighted Basket Observation is 
specified as applicable in respect of the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, the percentage 
weighting specified for such Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying in 
the applicable Issue Terms. Where "Rainbow Weighting" is specified as 
applicable in the Issue Terms, Wn will be a percentage weighting for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying depending on such Mandatory 
Early Redemption Underlying's performance determined in respect of the 
relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Date. Accordingly, in order to 
determine Wn for a Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying where 
"Rainbow Weighting" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of such Mandatory 
Early Redemption Underlying shall first be calculated as provided in 
paragraph (C) of the definition of Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance and thereafter the Wn shall be assigned in accordance with 
the rankings set out in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(B) 
where Outperformance Observation and, in respect of Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance 
A 
Underlying, 
Weighted 
Basket 
Observation is specified as applicable in respect of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, in 
respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance A Underlying 
and a Mandatory Early Redemption Date, the percentage weighting 
specified for such Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance A 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. Where "Rainbow Weighting" is 
specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, Wn will be a percentage 
weighting for such Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance A 
Underlying 
depending 
on 
such 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption

--- Page 713 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
685 
 
Outperformance A Underlying's performance determined in respect of the 
relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Date. Accordingly, in order to 
determine Wn for a Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance A 
Underlying where "Rainbow Weighting" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of 
such Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance A Underlying shall 
first be calculated as provided in paragraph III of the definition of Outperf 
A and thereafter the Wn shall be assigned in accordance with the rankings 
set out in the applicable Issue Terms; or 
(C) 
where Outperformance Observation and, in respect of Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance 
B 
Underlying, 
Weighted 
Basket 
Observation is specified as applicable in respect of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, in 
respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance B Underlying 
and a Mandatory Early Redemption Date, the percentage weighting 
specified for such Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance B 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. Where "Rainbow Weighting" is 
specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, Wn will be a percentage 
weighting for such Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance B 
Underlying 
depending 
on 
such 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance B Underlying's performance determined in respect of the 
relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Date. Accordingly, in order to 
determine Wn for a Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance A 
Underlying where "Rainbow Weighting" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of 
such Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance B Underlying shall 
first be calculated as provided in paragraph III of the definition of Outperf 
B and thereafter the Wn shall be assigned in accordance with the rankings 
set out in the applicable Issue Terms, 
PROVIDED THAT, where "Rainbow Weighting" applies, if two or more 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlyings, Mandatory Early Redemption 
Outperformance 
A 
Underlyings 
or 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance B Underlyings have an equal Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance, their ranking shall be determined in accordance with the Equality 
Adjustment. 
Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Level or MER Strike Level means, in 
respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying, the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Strike Level specified for such Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms which may, if so 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, be such Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying's Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Level.  
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying(s) or MER Underlying(s) means, 
in respect of the Mandatory Early Redemption Provisions, the or each Underlying 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(iii) 
Definitions relating to the determination of whether a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred and therefore that the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Amount will be due on the relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date 
A "Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event" will occur in respect of a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date, or each related MER Barrier Observation 
Date in the case of (G) below, if: 
(A) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be "Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event 
European Observation", in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the

--- Page 714 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
686 
 
Underlying Closing Level of the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Underlying(s) satisfy the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Level on the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Observation Date; 
(B) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be "Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event 
European Performance Observation", in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) in respect of such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date satisfy the relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Level; 
(C) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be "Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event 
American Observation – Closing Level", in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, the Underlying Closing Level of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Level on each Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Observation Date; 
(D) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be "Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event 
American Observation – Intra-Day Level", in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, the Underlying Level of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Level on each Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Observation Date; 
(E) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be "Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event 
American One-Touch Observation – Closing Level", the Underlying 
Closing Level of the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) 
satisfy the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level on any 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Observation Date; 
(F) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be "Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event 
American One-Touch Observation – Intra-Day Level", in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, the Underlying Level of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the relevant 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level on any Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Observation Date;  
(G) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be "Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event 
American Performance Observation", in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) in respect of such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date and each Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Observation Date related thereto, satisfy the relevant 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level and, as the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance shall be calculated in respect of each Mandatory 
Early Redemption Barrier Observation Date relating to the relevant 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date, then:  
I. 
reference in the definition of Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance to "Mandatory Early Redemption Reference Level for 
such Mandatory Early Redemption Date" shall be construed to be 
to the "Underlying Closing Level for the relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying for the relevant Mandatory Early

--- Page 715 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
687 
 
Redemption Barrier Observation Date converted at the FX on such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Observation Date"; and  
II. 
reference to Mandatory Early Redemption Performance being 
calculated "in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date" or 
"for a Mandatory Early Redemption Date" shall be construed to be 
to "in respect of or, as the case may be, for a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date and the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption 
Barrier Observation Date" 
III. 
the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (if 
any) shall be determined in respect of the relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Observation Date; or 
(H) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms to be "Target Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Event", in the determination of the Calculation Agent and in respect of the 
Interest Payment Date scheduled to fall on such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date, the sum of the aggregate Interest Amount(s) paid in 
respect of all of the Interest Payment Dates falling prior to such Interest 
Payment Date is equal to or greater than the Target Mandatory Early 
Redemption Threshold Amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
A "Mandatory Early Redemption Upper Barrier Event" or "MER Upper 
Barrier Event" will occur in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date if: 
(A) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Upper Barrier Event is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms to be "Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Event European Performance Observation", in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) in respect of such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date satisfy the MER Upper Barrier 
Percentage; or 
(B) 
where the Mandatory Early Redemption Upper Barrier Event is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms to be "Mandatory Early Redemption Upper 
Barrier Event European Observation", in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, the Underlying Closing Level of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the MER Upper Barrier 
Percentage on the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Observation Date. 
As used in (A) and (B) above, "satisfy" means that the relevant Underlying 
Closing Level, Mandatory Early Redemption Performance or Underlying Level, 
as the case may be, are in the case of (i) below in the definition of Mandatory 
Early Redemption Barrier Level, greater than, greater than (or equal to), less than 
or less than (or equal to), as specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to 
the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event, the relevant Mandatory 
Early Redemption Barrier Level; or in the case of (ii) below in the definition of 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level, are neither less than the relevant 
Lower Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level nor greater than the relevant 
Upper Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; or in the case of the definition of MER Upper Barrier 
Percentage below, are greater than, greater than (or equal to), less than or less 
than (or equal to), as applicable, the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption 
Barrier Level. 
Where: 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) or MERBU means the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying(s) specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms.

--- Page 716 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
688 
 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level or MER Barrier Level means, 
in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date, (i) where a single Mandatory 
Early Redemption Barrier Level is specified in respect of a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Underlying or, as the case may be, all of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Underlyings whichever of greater than, greater than (or equal 
to), less than or less than (or equal to), as is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the percentage level specified for such Mandatory Early Redemption 
Barrier Underlying as such for such Mandatory Early Redemption Date in the 
Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms or (ii) where percentage levels are 
specified for such Mandatory Early Redemption Date in respect of a Mandatory 
Early Redemption Barrier Underlying or, as the case may be, the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Underlyings in the Table set out in the applicable Issue Terms 
one as a Lower Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level and one as an Upper 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level for such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Underlying, that the Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Level shall mean any level that is greater than (or equal to) such Lower Mandatory 
Early Redemption Barrier Level and less than (or equal to) such Upper Mandatory 
Early Redemption Barrier Level. 
MER Upper Barrier Percentage means, in respect of a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Underlying, whenever of greater than, greater than (or equal 
to), less than or less than (or equal to), as is specified for such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms, the percentage 
level specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(iv) 
Definitions relating to the determination of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount due if a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event 
has occurred 
Performance-Linked Mandatory Early Redemption Amount means, in 
respect of each Security and a Mandatory Early Redemption Date, either  
(A) 
where the relevant Performance-Linked Mandatory Early Redemption 
Amount is expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to be Put Option and:  
I. 
neither a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate nor a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount are specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the product of the Calculation 
Amount and the sum of the Relevant Percentage and the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × (Relevant Percentage +  MER Performance of MERPU); or 
II. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate but no 
Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the product of the Calculation 
Amount and the sum of the Relevant Percentage and the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Participation Rate (MERPR), expressed as a 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × (Relevant Percentage +  MER Performance of MERPU) ×
 MERPR; or

--- Page 717 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
689 
 
III. 
FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms and no Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate or 
Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be the product of the Calculation Amount and the 
sum of the Relevant Percentage and the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date multiplied by FX Performance, expressed as a 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × (Relevant Percentage +  MER Performance of MERPU) ×
 FX Performance; or 
IV. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount (MERAA) 
but no Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as 
Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the product of the Calculation 
Amount and the sum of the Relevant Percentage and the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date plus the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Adjustment Amount, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × (Relevant Percentage +  MER Performance of MERPU) +
 MERAA; or 
V. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate but no 
Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to the product of the Calculation 
Amount and the sum of the Relevant Percentage and the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Participation Rate (MERPR) multiplied by FX 
Performance, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × (Relevant Percentage +  MER Performance of MERPU) +
 MERPR ×  FX Performance; or 
VI. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate (MERPR) and 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount (MERAA) 
are specified in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is 
specified as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an 
amount in the Specified Currency determined to the product of the 
Calculation Amount and the sum of Relevant Percentage and the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Participation Rate plus the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Adjustment Amount, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × (Relevant Percentage + MER Performance of MERPU) ×
MERPR + MERAA; or 
VII. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount (MERAA) 
but no Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the product of the Calculation 
Amount and the sum of the Relevant Percentage and the Mandatory

--- Page 718 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
690 
 
Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by the FX 
Performance plus the Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment 
Amount, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × (Relevant Percentage + MER Performance of MERPU) ×
FX Performance +  MERAA; or 
VIII. a Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount and a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate are specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the product of the Calculation 
Amount and the sum of the Relevant Percentage and the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Participation Rate (MERPR) multiplied by FX 
Performance plus the MERAA, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × (Relevant Percentage
+ MER Performance of MERPU) × FX Performance × MERPR
+  MERAA 
PROVIDED HOWEVER, in the case of each of (A)I to (A)VIII above, 
that if (x) a Maximum Mandatory Early Redemption Amount is specified 
in respect thereof in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount is subject to such maximum amount (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption Amount is specified in respect 
thereof in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount is subject to such minimum amount (a floor); or (z) 
a Maximum Mandatory Early Redemption Amount and a Minimum 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount is specified in respect thereof in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early Redemption Amount is 
subject to such maximum amount and a minimum amount (a collar) 
PROVIDED FURTHER THAT, different Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amounts or Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption 
Amounts may apply if specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect 
of the satisfaction or non-satisfaction of a Mandatory Early Redemption 
Barrier Event and/or a Mandatory Early Redemption Upper Barrier Event; 
(B) 
where the relevant Performance-Linked Mandatory Early Redemption 
Amount is expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to be Call Option and:  
I. 
neither a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate nor a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the sum of the Calculation 
Amount and the Calculation Amount multiplied by the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount + (Calculation Amount ×  MER Performance of MERPU); or 
II. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate but no 
Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the sum of the Calculation 
Amount and the Calculation Amount multiplied by the Mandatory

--- Page 719 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
691 
 
Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Participation Rate (MERPR), expressed as a 
formula: 
Calculation Amount + (Calculation Amount ×  MER Performance of MERPU ×
 MERPR); or 
III. 
FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms but no Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate or 
Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be the sum of the Calculation Amount and the 
Calculation Amount multiplied by the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date multiplied by FX Performance, expressed as a 
formula: 
Calculation Amount + (Calculation Amount ×  MER Performance of MERPU ×
 FX Performance); or 
IV. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount (MERAA) 
but no Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as 
Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the sum of the Calculation 
Amount and the Calculation Amount multiplied by the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date plus the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Adjustment Amount, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount + (Calculation Amount ×  MER Performance of MERPU) +
 MERAA; or 
V. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate but no 
Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the sum of the Calculation 
Amount and the Calculation Amount multiplied by the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Participation Rate (MERPR) multiplied by FX 
Performance, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount + (Calculation Amount ×  MER Performance of MERPU) ×
 MERPR ×  FX Performance); or  
VI. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate and a Mandatory 
Early Redemption Adjustment Amount (MERAA) are specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the sum of the Calculation 
Amount and the Calculation Amount multiplied by the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Participation Rate (MERPR) plus the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount, expressed as a 
formula:

--- Page 720 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
692 
 
Calculation Amount + (Calculation Amount ×  MER Performance of MERPU) ×
 MERPR +  MERAA; or 
VII. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount (MERAA) 
but no Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the sum of the Calculation 
Amount and the Calculation Amount multiplied by the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by the FX 
Performance plus the Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment 
Amount, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount + (Calculation Amount ×
 MER Performance of MERPU) +  FX Performance ×  MERAA; or 
VIII. a Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount (MERAA) 
and a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate (MERPR) 
are specified in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is 
specified as Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount 
in the Specified Currency determined to be the sum of the 
Calculation Amount and the sum of the Calculation Amount 
multiplied by the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Underlying(s) 
(MERPU) for such Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied 
by the Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate multiplied 
by FX Performance plus the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Adjustment Amount, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount
+ (Calculation Amount x MER Performance of MERPU) x FX Performance ×  MERPR 
+  MERAA 
PROVIDED HOWEVER, in the case of each of (B)I to (B)VIII above, 
that if (x) a Maximum Mandatory Early Redemption Amount is specified 
in respect thereof in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount is subject to such maximum amount (a cap); (y) a 
Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption Amount is specified in respect 
thereof in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount is subject to such minimum amount (a floor); or (z) 
a Maximum Mandatory Early Redemption Amount and a Minimum 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount is specified in respect thereof in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Mandatory Early Redemption Amount is 
subject to such maximum amount and a minimum amount (a collar) 
PROVIDED FURTHER THAT, different Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amounts or Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption 
Amounts may apply if specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect 
of the satisfaction or non-satisfaction of a Mandatory Early Redemption 
Barrier Event and/or a Mandatory Early Redemption Upper Barrier Event; 
(C) 
where the relevant Performance-Linked Mandatory Early Redemption 
Amount is expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to be Call Spread - Put 
Spread Option and: 
I. 
none of a Global Participation Rate, a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Participation Rate Call or a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Participation Rate Put are specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not Applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be (x) the Calculation Amount multiplied by (y) the 
"call spread amount" (being the greater of the Call Floor and the

--- Page 721 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
693 
 
lesser of the Call Cap and the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Underlying(s) for such Mandatory Early Redemption Date) plus 
the "put spread amount" (being the lesser of the Put Cap and the 
greater of the Put Floor and the sum of 100 per cent. and the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) for such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date) plus the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Adjustment Amount (MERAA), expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × [Max(CallFloor, Min(CallCap, MERPerf)) + Min (PutCap, Max  
(PutFloor, 100% + MERPerf))] + MERAA 
Such amount is therefore subject to a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount and a Minimum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount (a collar); or 
II. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate Call and a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate Put but no Global 
Participation Rate, is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and 
FX Performance is specified as Not Applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency determined to be 
(x) the Calculation Amount multiplied by (y) the "call spread 
amount" (being the greater of the Call Floor and the lesser of the 
Call Cap and the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Underlying(s) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date (MERPerf), multiplied by the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate Call (MERPR 
Call)) less the "put spread amount" (being the lesser of the Put Cap 
and the greater of the Put Floor and the sum of 100 per cent. and 
the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance Underlying(s) for such Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date, multiplied by the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Participation Rate Put (MERPR Put)) plus the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount (MERAA), 
expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × [[Max(CallFloor,Min(CallCap,MERPerf)) × MERPRCall] –  
[Min(PutCap,Max(PutFloor,100%+MERPerf)) × MERPR Put]] + MERAA  
Such amount is therefore subject to a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount and a Minimum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount (a collar); or 
III. 
an FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms but none of a Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance Rate Call, a Mandatory Early Performance Rate Put 
or a Global Participation Rate is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency determined to be (x) 
the Calculation Amount multiplied by (y) the "call spread amount" 
(being the greater of the Call Floor and the lesser of the Call Cap 
and the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Underlying(s) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date) plus the "put spread amount" 
(being the lesser of the Put Cap and the greater of the Put Floor and 
the sum of 100 per cent. and the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Underlying(s) for such Mandatory Early Redemption Date) 
multiplied by FX Performance plus the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Adjustment Amount (MERAA), expressed as a 
formula:

--- Page 722 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
694 
 
Calculation Amount × [Max(CallFloor, Min(CallCap, MERPerf)) +
Min(PutCap, Max(PutFloor, 100% + MERPerf))] ×  FX Performance +  MERAA   
Such amount is therefore subject to a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount and a Minimum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount (a collar); or 
IV. 
a Global Participation Rate but no Mandatory Early Redemption 
Participation Rate Call or Mandatory Early Redemption 
Participation Rate Put is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and 
FX Performance is specified as Not Applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency determined to be 
(x) the Calculation Amount multiplied by (y) the "call spread 
amount" (being the greater of the Call Floor and the lesser of the 
Call Cap and the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Underlying(s) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date) plus the "put spread amount" 
(being the lesser of the Put Cap and the greater of the Put Floor and 
the sum of 100 per cent. and the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Underlying(s) for such Mandatory Early Redemption Date) 
multiplied by the Global Participation Rate (GPR) plus a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount (MERAA), 
expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × [Max(CallFloor, Min(CallCap, MERPerf)) +
Min(PutCap, Max(PutFloor, 100% + MERPerf))]  ×  GRP + MERAA  
Such amount is therefore subject to a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount and a Minimum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount (a collar); or 
V. 
FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms and a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate Call 
and a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate Put but no 
Global Participation Rate is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
an amount in the Specified Currency determined to be (x) the 
Calculation Amount multiplied by (y) the "call spread amount" 
(being the greater of the Call Floor and the lesser of the Call Cap 
and the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Underlying(s) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date, multiplied by the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Participation Rate Call (MERPR Call)) plus the 
"put spread amount" (being the lesser of the Put Cap and the greater 
of the Put Floor and the sum of 100 per cent. and the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) for such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date multiplied by the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Rate Put (MERPR Put)) multiplied by FX Performance plus a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount (MERAA), 
expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × [[Max(CallFloor, Min(CallCap, MERPerf)) ×  MERPR Call] +
 Min(PutCap, Max(PutFloor),100% + MERPerf) ×  MERPR Put] ×  FX Performance +
 MERAA  
Such amount is therefore subject to a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount and a Minimum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount (a collar); or 
VI. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate Call and a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate Put and a Global 
Participation Rate (GPR) are specified in the applicable Issue

--- Page 723 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
695 
 
Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not Applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be (x) the Calculation Amount multiplied by (y) the 
"call spread amount" (being the greater of the Call Floor and the 
lesser of the Call Cap and the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Underlying(s) for such Mandatory Early Redemption Date 
multiplied by the Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate 
Call (MERPR Call)) plus the "put spread amount " (being the 
lesser of the Put Cap and the greater of the Put Floor and the sum 
of 100 per cent. and the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Underlying(s) 
for such Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate Put (MERPR 
Put)) multiplied by the Global Participation Rate plus the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount, expressed as a 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × [[Max(CallFloor, Min(CallCap, MERPerf)) ×  MERPR Call] 
+  Min(PutCap, Max(PutFloor),100%
+ MERPerf) ×  MERPR Put] ×  GPR +  MERAA 
Such amount is therefore subject to a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount and a Minimum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount (a collar); or 
VII. 
an FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms and a Global Participation Rate (GPR) but no 
Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate Call or Mandatory 
Early Redemption Participation Rate Put is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be (x) the Calculation Amount multiplied by (y) the 
"call spread amount" (being the greater of the Call Floor and the 
lesser of the Call Cap and the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Underlying(s) for such Mandatory Early Redemption Date) plus 
the "put spread amount" (being the lesser of the Put Cap and the 
greater of the Put Floor and the sum of 100 per cent. and the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) for such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date) multiplied by the FX Performance multiplied by 
the GPR plus the Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment 
Amount (MERAA), expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × (Max(CallFloor, Min(CallCap, MERPerf)) 
+  Min(PutCap, Max(PutFloor),100%
+ MERPerf)) ×  FX Performance ×  GPR +  MERAA 
Such amount is therefore subject to a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount and a Minimum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount (a collar); or 
VIII. a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate Call, a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate Put and a Global 
Participation Rate (GPR) are specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms and FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be (x) the Calculation Amount multiplied by (y) the 
"call spread amount" (being the greater of the Call Floor and the 
lesser of the Call Cap and the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance of the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Underlying(s) for such Mandatory Early Redemption Date 
multiplied by the Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate

--- Page 724 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
696 
 
Call (MERPR Call)) plus the "put spread amount" (being the lesser 
of the Put Cap and the greater of the Put Floor and the sum of 100 
per cent. and the Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance Underlying(s) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Participation Rate Put (MERPR Put)) 
multiplied by the FX Performance multiplied by the GPR plus the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount (MERAA), 
expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × [[Max(CallFloor, Min(CallCap, MERPerf)) ×  MERPR Call] 
+ [Min(PutCap, Max(PutFloor),100%
+ MERPerf) ×  MERPR Put]] ×  FX Performance ×  GPR 
+  MERAA 
Such amount is therefore subject to a Maximum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount and a Minimum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount (a collar); 
(D) 
where the relevant Performance-Linked Mandatory Early Redemption 
Amount is expressed in the applicable Issue Terms to be Twin Win Option 
and: 
I. 
neither a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate or a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount are specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the product of the Calculation 
Amount and the sum of 100 per cent. and the Absolute Value of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × (100% + Abs [MER Performance of MERPU]); or 
II. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate but no a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the product of the Calculation 
Amount and the sum of 100 per cent. and the Absolute Value of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Participation Rate (MERPR), expressed as a 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × (100% + Abs [MER Performance of MERPU]) × MERPR; or 
III. 
FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms but no Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate or 
Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be the product of the Calculation Amount and the 
sum of 100 per cent. and the Absolute Value of the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by FX Performance, 
expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × (100% + Abs [MER Performance of MERPU]) × FX Performance
; 
or

--- Page 725 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
697 
 
IV. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount but no 
Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the product of the Calculation 
Amount and the sum of 100 per cent. and the Absolute Value of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date plus a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Adjustment Amount (MERAA), expressed as a 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × (100% + Abs [MER Performance of MERPU]) + MERAA; or 
V. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate but no 
Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the product of the Calculation 
Amount and the sum of 100 per cent. and the Absolute Value of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by a Mandatory 
Early Redemption Participation Rate (MERPR) multiplied by FX 
Performance, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × (100% + Abs [MER Performance of MERPU]) × MERPR ×
FX Performance; or 
VI. 
a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate and a Mandatory 
Early Redemption Adjustment Amount are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the product of the Calculation 
Amount and the sum of 100 per cent. and the Absolute Value of the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by a Mandatory 
Early Redemption Participation Rate (MERPR) plus a Mandatory 
Early Redemption Adjustment Amount (MERAA), expressed as a 
formula: 
Calculation Amount × (100% + Abs [MER Performance of MERPU]) × MERPR + MERAA; 
or 
VII. 
FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms and a Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount but 
no Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be the product of the Calculation Amount and the 
sum of 100 per cent. and the Absolute Value of the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by FX Performance 
plus a Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount 
(MERAA), expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × (100% + Abs [MER Performance of MERPU]) × FX Performance +
MERAA; or 
VIII. FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms and a Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment Amount 
and a Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate are specified

--- Page 726 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
698 
 
in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be the product of the Calculation Amount and the 
sum of 100 per cent. and the Absolute Value of the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Underlying(s) (MERPU) for such 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date multiplied by a Mandatory 
Early Redemption Participation Rate (MERPR) and multiplied by 
FX Performance plus a Mandatory Early Redemption Adjustment 
Amount (MERAA), expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × (100%
+ Abs [MER Performance of MERPU]) × FX Performance
× MERPR + MERAA 
Such amount is therefore subject to a Minimum Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount (a floor). 
Where: 
Absolute Value or Abs means the positive percentage or decimal or numerical 
value of the percentage or decimal or number, as the case may be, without regard 
to its sign (thus for example the Absolute Value of -19 per cent. would be 19 per 
cent. and the Absolute Value of 19 per cent. would be 19 per cent.). 
Call Cap means the percentage (if any) specified as such in respect of the 
Underlying Linked Securities Mandatory Early Redemption Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms.  
Call Floor means the percentage (if any) specified as such in respect of the 
Underlying Linked Securities Mandatory Early Redemption Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Put Cap means the percentage (if any) specified as such in respect of the 
Underlying Linked Securities Mandatory Early Redemption Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Put Floor means the percentage (if any) specified as such in respect of the 
Underlying Linked Securities Mandatory Early Redemption Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Maximum Mandatory Early Redemption Amount means the amount (if any) 
in the specified currency specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.  
Minimum Mandatory Early Redemption Amount means the amount (if any) 
in the specified currency specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.  
Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate or MERPR means the 
percentage rate (if any) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate Call or MERPR Call 
means the percentage rate (if any) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Mandatory Early Redemption Participation Rate Put or MERPR Put means 
the percentage rate (if any) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Min means the lesser of the two terms separated by a comma or semi-colon or, 
where such terms are the same amount, that amount, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
Max means the greater (or equal greatest) of the two terms separated by a comma 
or semi-colon or, where such terms are the same amount, that amount, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 727 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
699 
 
MERPerf means, in respect of the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Date, 
the MER Performance of the MER Performance Underlying for such Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date. 
(c) 
Definitions relating to redemption 
(i) 
Definitions relating to Dates 
Specified Market Timer Redemption Strike Date means the or each date 
designated as such in the applicable Issue Terms. The or each such date shall be 
deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date and shall be adjusted as provided in 
these Valuation and Settlement Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms, and 
the or each such date, as so adjusted, shall be a "Market Timer Redemption 
Strike Date". 
Specified Final Valuation Date means the or each date designated as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms. The or each such date shall be deemed to be a Specified 
Valuation Date and shall be adjusted as provided in these Valuation and 
Settlement Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms, and the or each such date, 
as so adjusted, shall be a "Final Valuation Date".  
Specified Redemption Barrier Observation Date means each date or dates 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. Each such date shall be deemed 
to be a Specified Valuation Date and shall be adjusted as provided in these 
Valuation and Settlement Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms, and each 
such date, as so adjusted, shall be a "Redemption Barrier Observation Date". 
Specified Redemption Strike Date means, in respect of an Underlying, each date 
or dates specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. Each such date shall be 
deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date and shall be adjusted as provided in 
these Valuation and Settlement Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms, and 
each such date, as so adjusted, shall be a "Redemption Strike Date". 
Specified Redemption Upper Barrier Event Valuation Date means each date 
or dates specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. Each such date shall be 
deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date and shall be adjusted as shall be 
provided in these Valuation and Settlement Conditions and the applicable Issue 
Terms, and each such date, as so adjusted, shall be a "Redemption Upper 
Barrier Event Valuation Date". 
(ii) 
Definitions relating to the Redemption Underlying(s), the performance of the 
Redemption Underlying(s) and levels of the Redemption Underlying(s) 
Best Oasis Redemption Performer means, in respect of an Final Valuation Date: 
(A) 
if "Oasis – Best Performing Only" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Redemption Underlying with the highest (which shall, if, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, two or more Redemption 
Underlyings are equal highest, be determined in accordance with the 
Equality Adjustment) Oasis Final Percentage for such Final Valuation 
Date; or 
(B) 
if "Oasis – Multiple Best Performing" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, each Redemption Underlying which has one of the X highest Oasis 
Final Percentages, determined by the Calculation Agent by ranking each 
of the Redemption Underlyings in order of their Oasis Final Percentage in 
respect of such Final Valuation Date from highest to lowest, where (i) the 
Redemption Underlying with the highest Oasis Final Percentage will be 
Best Oasis Redemption Performer 1, (ii) the Redemption Underlying with 
the second highest Oasis Final Percentage will be Best Oasis Redemption 
Performer 2, and so on until (iii) the Redemption Underlying with the X

--- Page 728 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
700 
 
highest Oasis Final Percentage will be Best Oasis Redemption Performer 
X, 
PROVIDED THAT, if any two or more Redemption Underlyings have an equal 
Oasis Final Percentage in respect of such Final Valuation Date, the highest of 
such Redemption Underlyings shall be determined in accordance with the 
Equality Adjustment. 
C means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, which 
percentage may be 0 (zero) per cent. 
Cross Rate I Designated Page means, in respect of a Redemption Underlying 
and the FX for such Underlying, such page as is specified for such Redemption 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Cross Rate II Designated Page means, in respect of a Redemption Underlying 
and the FX for such Underlying, such page as is specified for such Redemption 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Cross Rate I Designated Time means, in respect of a Redemption Underlying 
and the FX for such Underlying, the time specified for such Redemption 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Cross Rate II Designated Time means, in respect of a Redemption Underlying 
and the FX for such Underlying, the time specified for such Redemption 
Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. 
D means the decimal specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, which 
decimal may be 0 (zero). 
Designated Page means, in respect of a Redemption Underlying and the FX for 
such Underlying, such page as is specified for such Redemption Underlying in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
Designated Time means, in respect of a Redemption Underlying and the FX for 
such Redemption Underlying, the time specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Equality Adjustment means that, in respect of two or more performances, levels 
or values determined by the Calculation Agent to be equally high or low, the 
Calculation Agent will deem any of such equal highest or lowest performances, 
levels or values to be the highest or lowest performance, level or value, in its 
discretion. 
Final Outperformance A Underlying(s) means, in respect of the Final 
Performance Provisions, the or each Redemption Underlying specified as such in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
Final Outperformance B Underlying(s) means, in respect of the Final 
Performance Provisions, the or each Redemption Underlying specified as such in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
Final Performance means, subject as provided in sub-paragraph (G) of the 
definition of Redemption Barrier Event below: 
(A) 
where "Single Underlying Observation" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Final Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms 
and in respect of the Redemption Underlying, an amount expressed as a 
percentage and determined by reference to the following formula, where 
each relevant constituent value is determined in relation to the relevant 
Redemption Underlying:

--- Page 729 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
701 
 
Final Reference Level −Redemption Strike Level
Redemption Initial Level
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT:  
I. 
if (x) a Maximum Final Performance Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final 
Performance Percentage is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the Final Performance is subject to such minimum percentage 
(a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Performance Percentage and a 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
II. 
for the purposes of determining whether a Redemption Barrier 
Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iii) below, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance 
is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) and a Minimum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
III. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below and if 
a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject 
to such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
IV. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below and if 
a Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance 
is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance 
is subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); or 
V. 
if a Final Performance Adjustment Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Final Performance will be adjusted by 
the addition of such Final Performance Adjustment Percentage to 
the Final Performance determined in accordance with the formula

--- Page 730 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
702 
 
above PROVIDED FURTHER THAT, if a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage, Minimum Final Performance Percentage, 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event), 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event), 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied), 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied), 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) or Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) is specified to apply to such Final 
Performance, the Final Performance Adjustment Percentage shall 
be applied first to the Final Performance and will not override the 
effect of any cap or floor that may apply; 
(B) 
where "Weighted Basket Observation" is specified as applicable in respect 
of the Final Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms and in 
respect of all of the Redemption Underlyings, an amount expressed as a 
percentage and determined by reference to the following formula, where 
each relevant constituent value is determined in relation to the relevant 
Redemption Underlying: 
∑Wn × Final Reference Level −Redemption Strike Level
Redemption Initial Level
n
n=1
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT:  
I. 
if (x) a Maximum Final Performance Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final 
Performance Percentage is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the Final Performance is subject to such minimum percentage 
(a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Performance Percentage and a 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar);  
II. 
for the purposes of determining whether a Redemption Barrier 
Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iii) below, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance 
is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) and a Minimum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
III. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below and if 
a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject 
to such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar);

--- Page 731 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
703 
 
IV. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below and if 
a Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance 
is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance 
is subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); or 
V. 
if a Final Performance Adjustment Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Final Performance will be adjusted by 
the addition of such Final Performance Adjustment Percentage to 
the Final Performance determined in accordance with the formula 
above PROVIDED FURTHER THAT, if a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage, Minimum Final Performance Percentage, 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event), 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event), 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied), 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied), 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) or Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) is specified to apply to such Final 
Performance, the Final Performance Adjustment Percentage shall 
be applied first to the Final Performance and will not override the 
effect of any cap or floor that may apply; 
(C) 
where "Best of Basket Observation" or "Worst of Basket Observation" is 
specified as applicable in respect of the Final Performance Provisions in 
the applicable Issue Terms and in respect of each of the Redemption 
Underlyings, an amount expressed as a percentage and determined by 
reference to the following formula, where each relevant constituent value 
is determined in relation to the relevant Redemption Underlying: 
Final Reference Level −Redemption Strike Level
Redemption Initial Level
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT:  
I. 
if (x) a Maximum Final Performance Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final 
Performance Percentage is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the Final Performance is subject to such minimum percentage 
(a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Performance Percentage and a 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); or 
II. 
for the purposes of determining whether a Redemption Barrier 
Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iii) below, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance 
is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to

--- Page 732 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
704 
 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) and a Minimum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
III. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below and if 
a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject 
to such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
IV. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below and if 
a Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance 
is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance 
is subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); or 
V. 
if a Final Performance Adjustment Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Final Performance will be adjusted by 
the addition of such Final Performance Adjustment Percentage to 
the Final Performance determined in accordance with the formula 
above PROVIDED FURTHER THAT, if a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage, Minimum Final Performance Percentage, 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event), 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event), 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied), 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied), 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) or Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) is specified to apply to such Final 
Performance, the Final Performance Adjustment Percentage shall 
be applied first to the Final Performance and will not override the 
effect of any cap or floor that may apply; 
(D) 
where "Outperformance Observation" is specified as applicable in respect 
of the Final Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, an 
amount expressed as a percentage and determined by reference to the 
following formula: 
[Outperf A −Outperf B] × 100, 
For which purpose:

--- Page 733 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
705 
 
Outperf A means 
I. 
where "Single Underlying Observation" is specified as applicable 
in respect of the Final Performance Provisions for Final 
Outperformance A Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms, and 
the Final Outperformance A Underlying, an amount expressed as a 
decimal and determined by reference to the following formula, 
where each relevant constituent value is determined in relation to 
the relevant Final Outperformance A Underlying: 
Final Reference Level −Redemption Strike Level
Redemption Initial Level
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT if, in respect of Final 
Outperformance A Underlying:  
(a) 
(x) a Maximum Final Outperf A is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such 
maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf A 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such minimum decimal (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Final Outperf A and a Minimum Final Outperf A 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a 
collar); 
(b) 
for the purposes of determining whether a Redemption 
Barrier Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iii) 
below, if (x) a Maximum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event) 
and a Minimum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
(c) 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below 
and if a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such minimum percentage 
(a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) and a Minimum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such maximum percentage 
and minimum percentage (a collar); 
(d) 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below 
and if a Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a

--- Page 734 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
706 
 
cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such minimum percentage 
(a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied) and a Minimum Final Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to such 
maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar);  
II. 
where "Weighted Basket Observation" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Final Performance Provisions for Final 
Outperformance A Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms, and 
all of the Final Outperformance A Underlyings, an amount 
expressed as a decimal and determined by reference to the 
following formula, where each relevant constituent value is 
determined in relation to the relevant Final Outperformance A 
Underlying: 
∑Wn × Final Reference Level −Redemption Strike Level
Redemption Initial Level
n
n=1
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT if, in respect of Final 
Outperformance A Underlying: 
(a) 
(x) a Maximum Final Outperf A is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such 
maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf A 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such minimum decimal (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Final Outperf A and a Minimum Final Outperf A 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a 
collar); 
(b) 
for the purposes of determining whether a Redemption 
Barrier Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iii) 
below, if (x) a Maximum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event) 
and a Minimum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
(c) 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below 
and if a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such minimum percentage 
(a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) and a Minimum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the

--- Page 735 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
707 
 
Final Performance is subject to such maximum percentage 
and minimum percentage (a collar); 
(d) 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below 
and if a Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such minimum percentage 
(a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied) and a Minimum Final Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to such 
maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar);  
III. 
where "Best of Basket Observation" or "Worst of Basket 
Observation" is specified as applicable in respect of the Final 
Performance Provisions for Final Outperformance A Underlying, 
and each of the Final Outperformance A Underlyings, an amount 
expressed as a decimal and determined by reference to the 
following formula, where each relevant constituent value is 
determined in relation to the relevant Final Outperformance A 
Underlying: 
Final Reference Level −Redemption Strike Level
Redemption Initial Level
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT if, in respect of Final 
Outperformance A Underlying: 
(a) 
(x) a Maximum Final Outperf A is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is subject to such 
maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf A 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such minimum decimal (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Final Outperf A and a Minimum Final Outperf A 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf A is 
subject to such maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a 
collar); 
(b) 
for the purposes of determining whether a Redemption 
Barrier Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iii) 
below, if (x) a Maximum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event) 
and a Minimum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
(c) 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below 
and if a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event Satisfied) is

--- Page 736 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
708 
 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such minimum percentage 
(a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) and a Minimum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such maximum percentage 
and minimum percentage (a collar); 
(d) 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below 
and if a Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such minimum percentage 
(a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Outperf A (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied) and a Minimum Final Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to such 
maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar);  
Outperf B means 
I. 
where "Single Underlying Observation" is specified as applicable 
in respect of the Final Performance Provisions for Final 
Outperformance B Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms, and 
the Outperformance B Underlying, an amount expressed as a 
decimal and determined by reference to the following formula, 
where each relevant constituent value is determined in relation to 
the relevant Final Outperformance B Underlying:  
Final Reference Level −Redemption Strike Level
Redemption Initial Level
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT if, in respect of Final 
Outperformance B Underlying: 
(a) 
(x) a Maximum Final Outperf B is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such 
maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf B 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such minimum decimal (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Final Outperf B and a Minimum Final Outperf B 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a 
collar); 
(b) 
for the purposes of determining whether a Redemption 
Barrier Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iii) 
below, if (x) a Maximum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event)

--- Page 737 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
709 
 
and a Minimum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
(c) 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below 
and if a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such minimum percentage 
(a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) and a Minimum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such maximum percentage 
and minimum percentage (a collar); 
(d) 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below 
and if a Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such minimum percentage 
(a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied) and a Minimum Final Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to such 
maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar);  
II. 
where "Weighted Basket Observation" is specified as applicable in 
respect of the Final Performance Provisions for Final 
Outperformance B Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms, and 
all of the Final Outperformance B Underlyings, an amount 
expressed as a decimal and determined by reference to the 
following formula, where each relevant constituent value is 
determined in relation to the relevant Final Outperformance B 
Underlying: 
∑Wn  × Final Reference Level −Redemption Strike Level
Redemption Initial Level
n
n=1
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT if, in respect of Final 
Outperformance B Underlying: 
(a) 
(x) a Maximum Final Outperf B is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such 
maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf B 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such minimum decimal (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Final Outperf B and a Minimum Final Outperf B 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a 
collar);

--- Page 738 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
710 
 
(b) 
for the purposes of determining whether a Redemption 
Barrier Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iii) 
below, if (x) a Maximum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event) 
and a Minimum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
(c) 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below 
and if a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such minimum percentage 
(a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) and a Minimum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such maximum percentage 
and minimum percentage (a collar); 
(d) 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below 
and if a Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such minimum percentage 
(a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied) and a Minimum Final Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to such 
maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar);  
III. 
where "Best of Basket Observation" or "Worst of Basket 
Observation" is specified as applicable in respect of the Final 
Performance Provisions for Final Outperformance B Underlying, 
and each of the Final Outperformance B Underlyings, an amount 
expressed as a decimal and determined by reference to the 
following formula, where each relevant constituent value is 
determined in relation to the relevant Final Outperformance B 
Underlying: 
Final Reference Level −Redemption Strike Level
Redemption Initial Level
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT if, in respect of Final 
Outperformance B Underlying:  
(a) 
(x) a Maximum Final Outperf B is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is subject to such

--- Page 739 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
711 
 
maximum decimal (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf B 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such minimum decimal (a floor); or (z) a 
Maximum Final Outperf B and a Minimum Final Outperf B 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then Outperf B is 
subject to such maximum decimal and minimum decimal (a 
collar);  
(b) 
for the purposes of determining whether a Redemption 
Barrier Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iii) 
below, if (x) a Maximum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such minimum percentage (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event) 
and a Minimum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is 
subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); 
(c) 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below 
and if a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such minimum percentage 
(a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) and a Minimum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such maximum percentage 
and minimum percentage (a collar); 
(d) 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below 
and if a Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage (a 
cap); (y) a Minimum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the 
Final Performance is subject to such minimum percentage 
(a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Outperf B (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied) and a Minimum Final Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to such 
maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar);  
(E) 
where "Himalaya Final Performance – Asian Observation" is specified in 
as applicable in respect of the Final Performance Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms and in respect of the Redemption Underlyings, an 
amount expressed as a percentage and determined as the arithmetic mean 
of the Multiple FVD Final Performance Percentage for the relevant 
Redemption Underlying on the Final Valuation Dates, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent, PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT:

--- Page 740 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
712 
 
I. 
if (x) a Maximum Final Performance Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final 
Performance Percentage is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the Final Performance is subject to such minimum percentage 
(a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Performance Percentage and a 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar), 
II. 
for the purposes of determining whether a Redemption Barrier 
Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iii) below, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance 
is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) and a Minimum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
III. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below and if 
a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject 
to such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
IV. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below and if 
a Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance 
is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance 
is subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar);  
V. 
if a Final Performance Adjustment Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Final Performance will be adjusted by 
the addition of such Final Performance Adjustment Percentage to 
the Final Performance determined in accordance with the formula 
above PROVIDED FURTHER THAT, if a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage, Minimum Final Performance Percentage, 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event), 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event), 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied),

--- Page 741 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
713 
 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied), 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) or Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) is specified to apply to such Final 
Performance, the Final Performance Adjustment Percentage shall 
be applied first to the Final Performance and will not override the 
effect of any cap or floor that may apply; 
(F) 
where "Arithmetic Mean Underlying Return" is specified in as applicable 
in respect of the Final Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue 
Terms and in respect of the Redemption Underlyings, an amount 
expressed as a percentage and determined be reference to the following 
formula, where each relevant constituent value is determined in relation to 
the relevant Redemption Underlying: 
∑1
n  × Underlying Return (Final)
n
n=1
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT: 
I. 
if (x) a Maximum Final Performance Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final 
Performance Percentage is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the Final Performance is subject to such minimum percentage 
(a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Performance Percentage and a 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar), 
II. 
for the purposes of determining whether a Redemption Barrier 
Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iii) below, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance 
is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) and a Minimum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
III. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below and if 
a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject 
to such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
IV. 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below and if 
a Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is

--- Page 742 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
714 
 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance 
is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance 
is subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar); and 
V. 
if a Final Performance Adjustment Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Final Performance will be adjusted by 
the addition of such Final Performance Adjustment Percentage to 
the Final Performance determined in accordance with the formula 
above PROVIDED FURTHER THAT, if a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage, Minimum Final Performance Percentage, 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event), 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event), 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied), 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied), 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) or Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) is specified to apply to such Final 
Performance, the Final Performance Adjustment Percentage shall 
be applied first to the Final Performance and will not override the 
effect of any cap or floor that may apply; 
(G) 
where "Cliquet" is specified as applicable in respect of the Final 
Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, each of the 
Redemption Underlyings, an amount expressed as a percentage and 
determined by reference to the following formulae, where each relevant 
constituent value is determined in relation to the relevant Redemption 
Underlying: 
I. 
if "Sum of Underlying Return Cliquet (Final)" is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms: 
∑Cliquet Underlying Return (Final) −C; or
t
t=1
 
II. 
if "Product of Underlying Return Cliquet (Final)" is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms: 
∏Cliquet Underlying Return (Final) −C; or
t
t=1
 
III. 
if "Period Performance Less Cliquet Return – Sum (Final)" is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
Final Period Performance −(∑Cliquet Underlying Return (Final) −C
t
t=1
) ; or 
IV. 
if "Absolute Period Performance Less Cliquet Return – Sum 
(Final)" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
Abs (Final Period Performance) −(∑Cliquet Underlying Return (Final) −C
t
t=1
) ; or

--- Page 743 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
715 
 
V. 
if "Period Performance Less Cliquet Return – Product (Final)" is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
Final Period Performance −(∏Cliquet Underlying Return (Final)
t
t=1
−C) ; or 
VI. 
if "Absolute Period Performance Less Cliquet Return – Product 
(Final)" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
Abs (Final Period Performance) −(∏Cliquet Underlying Return (Final)
t
t=1
− C ) ; or 
VII. 
if "Cliquet Return Less Period Performance – Sum (Final)" is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(∑Cliquet Underlying Return (Final) −C
t
t=1
) −Final Period Performance; or 
VIII. if "Cliquet Return Less Absolute Period Performance – Sum 
(Final)" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(∑Cliquet Underlying Return (Final) −C
t
t=1
) − Abs (Final Period Performance); or 
IX. 
if "Cliquet Return Less Period Performance – Product (Final)" is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(∏Cliquet Underlying Return (Final)
t
t=1
−C) −Final Period Performance;or 
X. 
if "Cliquet Return Less Absolute Period Performance – Product 
(Final)" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(∏Cliquet Underlying Return (Final)
t
t=1
− C) −Abs (Final Period Performance) 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT: 
(a) 
if (x) a Maximum Final Performance Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final 
Performance Percentage is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the Final Performance is subject to such minimum percentage 
(a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Performance Percentage and a 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar), 
(b) 
for the purposes of determining whether a Redemption Barrier 
Event has occurred pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iii) below, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance 
is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) and a Minimum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar);

--- Page 744 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
716 
 
(c) 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below and if 
a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject to 
such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final 
Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance is subject 
to such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar); 
(d) 
for the purposes of determining any Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount pursuant to Condition 1.1(c)(iv) below and if 
a Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance 
is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Performance 
is subject to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum 
Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) and a 
Minimum Final Performance Percentage (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final 
Performance is subject to such maximum percentage and minimum 
percentage (a collar), and 
(e) 
if (x) a Cliquet Final Performance Floor is specified as "Cliquet 
Final Performance Floor" in the applicable Issue Terms, the Final 
Performance for such Final Valuation Date will be subject to a 
minimum percentage (floor) (if any) determined as the Cliquet 
Final Performance Floor, or (y) a Cliquet Final Performance Floor 
is specified as "Global Lock-in Floor" in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Global Lock-in Redemption Floor Trigger has been 
satisfied in respect of any Final Valuation Date, the Final 
Performance for such Final Valuation Date will be subject to a 
minimum percentage (floor) of the Global Lock-in Floor 
Percentage specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
where: 
Best Cliquet B Final Valuation Date means, in respect of each Specified 
Cliquet Final Valuation Period, the Final Valuation Date(s) in respect of 
such Specified Cliquet Final Valuation Period with the Uth highest Cliquet 
Final Decimals, determined by the Calculation Agent by ranking each of 
the Final Valuation Dates in order of their Cliquet Final Decimals from 
highest to lowest, where, (i) the Final Valuation Date with the highest 
Cliquet Final Decimal will be the highest ranking, (ii) the Final Valuation 
Date with the second highest Cliquet Final Decimal will be the second 
highest ranking, and so on until (iii) the Final Valuation Date with the 
lowest Cliquet Final Decimal will be the lowest ranking,  
PROVIDED THAT, if any two or more Final Valuation Dates have an 
equal Cliquet Final Decimal, the highest of such Final Valuation Dates 
will be determined in accordance with the Equality Adjustment. 
Cliquet Final Performance Floor means a percentage determined as the 
product of (A) an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as being 
the Cliquet Final Performance Sum Integer (if any) that is:

--- Page 745 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
717 
 
(a) 
greater than, 
(b) 
greater than or equal to,  
(c) 
less than or equal to, or  
(d) 
less than (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of 
Cliquet Final Performance Floor), 
the Cliquet Final Performance Sum determined in respect of each Final 
Valuation Date and (B) if specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Cliquet Final Performance Sum Multiple or otherwise 100%, 
PROVIDED THAT, if the applicable requirements in respect of any 
Cliquet Final Performance Floor are not satisfied, then there shall be no 
Cliquet Final Performance Floor. 
Cliquet Final Performance Sum means, in respect of a Final Valuation 
Date, the sum of each Cliquet Underlying Return determined in respect of 
each Final Valuation Date occurring prior to (and including) the relevant 
Final Valuation Date. 
Cliquet Final Performance Sum Integer means, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, "the highest (or equal highest) positive integer", 
"the highest (or equal highest) integer", "the lowest (or equal lowest) 
positive integer" or "the lowest (or equal lowest) integer". For which 
purpose, an integer shall be any whole number (including negative whole 
numbers and zero) and a positive integer shall be any whole number 
greater than or equal to 1 (one) and, where the relevant Cliquet Final 
Performance Sum is not a whole number, the relevant integer shall be the 
nearest integer thereto, with any amount equal to a multiple of 0.5 being 
rounded up. 
Cliquet Underlying Return (Final) means, in respect of the Redemption 
Underlying and the Final Valuation Date, an amount expressed as a 
decimal calculated in accordance with the following (the Cliquet Final 
Decimal): 
(A) 
if "Cliquet A (Final)", "Cliquet B (Final)" or "Cliquet C (Final)" is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Multiple FVD Final 
Performance Percentage; or 
(B) 
if "Cliquet A Absolute (Final)" "Cliquet B Absolute (Final)" or 
"Cliquet C Absolute (Final)" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, 
 
Abs (Multiple FVD Final Performance Percentage), 
PROVIDED THAT, in either case, 
I. 
if (i) "Cliquet B (Final)" or "Cliquet B Absolute (Final)" and (ii) 
"Cliquet B Highest (Final)" are specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Cliquet Underlying Return (Final) for the or each, as the 
case may be, Best Cliquet B Final Valuation Date will be deemed 
to be the Cliquet B Highest Return Redemption Decimal specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of such Specified Cliquet 
Final Valuation Period and not the Cliquet Final Decimal 
calculated in accordance with the formula above; 
II. 
if (i) "Cliquet B (Final)" or "Cliquet B Absolute (Final)" and (ii) 
"Cliquet B Lowest (Final)" are specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Cliquet Underlying Return (Final) for the or each, as the

--- Page 746 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
718 
 
case may be, Worst Cliquet B Final Valuation Date will be deemed 
to be the Cliquet B Lowest Return Redemption Decimal specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of such Specified Cliquet 
Final Valuation Period and not the Cliquet Final Decimal 
calculated in accordance with the formula above; 
III. 
if "Cliquet C (Final)" or "Cliquet C Absolute (Final)" are specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms and the Cliquet Final Decimal in 
respect of Final Valuation Date or any preceding Final Valuation 
Date has been either (i) greater than, (ii) greater than or equal to, 
(iii) less than or equal to or (iv) less than (as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms in respect of Cliquet C (Final) or Cliquet C 
Absolute (Final), as applicable) the Cliquet C Redemption Target 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Cliquet Underlying 
Return (Final) for such Final Valuation Date will be deemed to be 
the Cliquet C Lock-in Redemption Decimal specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and not the Cliquet Final Decimal 
calculated in accordance with the formula above, 
PROVIDED FURTHER THAT: 
(a) 
if a Cliquet Underlying Return Redemption Cap is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and the Cliquet Final Decimal in respect of 
any Final Valuation Date is greater than such Cliquet Underlying 
Return Redemption Cap, the Cliquet Final Decimal for such Final 
Valuation Date will be the Cliquet Underlying Return Redemption 
Cap; and 
(b) 
if a Cliquet Underlying Return Redemption Floor is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and the Cliquet Final Decimal in respect of 
any Final Valuation Date is greater than such Cliquet Underlying 
Return Redemption Floor, the Cliquet Final Decimal for such Final 
Valuation Date will be the Cliquet Underlying Return Redemption 
Floor. 
Final Period Performance means either Final Period Performance 1, 
Final Period Performance 2 or Final Period Performance 3, as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms PROVIDED THAT, in each case, if (x) a 
Maximum Final Period Performance is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Final Period Performance is subject to such maximum 
percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Final Period Performance is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Period Performance is subject 
to such minimum percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Final Period 
Performance and a Minimum Final Period Performance is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Final Period Performance is subject to 
such maximum percentage and minimum percentage (a collar). 
Final Period Performance 1 means, in respect of an Interest Payment 
Date and the Redemption Underlying, a decimal equal to the Final Period 
Performance Percentage. 
Final Period Performance 2 means, in respect of an Interest Payment 
Date and the Redemption Underlying, a decimal determined in accordance 
with the following formula: 
D −Final Period Performance Percentage. 
Final Period Performance 3 means, in respect of an Interest Payment 
Date and the Redemption Underlying, a decimal determined in accordance 
with the following formula: 
D × Final Period Performance Percentage.

--- Page 747 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
719 
 
Final Period Performance Percentage means, in respect of a 
Redemption Underlying, a decimal calculated in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Final Reference Level (Last FVD) −Redemption Strike Level
Redemption Initial Level
 
Final Reference Level (Last FVD) means, in respect of a Redemption 
Underlying and the last occurring Final Valuation Date specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms in respect of the determination of any Final 
Performance, the Underlying Closing Level of such Redemption 
Underlying on such Final Valuation Date, as converted by reference to the 
relevant FX (if any) for such Final Valuation Date. 
Global Lock-in Redemption Floor Trigger means that, in respect of a 
Final Valuation Date, the Global Lock-in Redemption Sum for such Final 
Valuation Date is (a) greater than, (b) greater than or equal to, (c) less than 
or equal to or (d) less than (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms in 
respect of the Global Lock-in Floor Redemption Trigger) the Global Lock-
in Redemption Floor Trigger Level specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Global Lock-in Redemption Sum means, in respect of a Final Valuation 
Date, the sum of all Cliquet Underlying Returns determined in respect of 
each Final Valuation Date occurring prior to (and including) the relevant 
Final Valuation Date. 
t means, in respect of a Cliquet Underlying Return (Final), the number of 
Final Valuation Dates specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of 
such Cliquet Underlying Return Final. 
U means the number specified in the applicable Issue Terms for the 
purpose of determining the Best Cliquet B Final Valuation Dates or the 
Worst Cliquet B Final Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
Worst Cliquet B Final Valuation Date means, in respect of each 
Specified Cliquet Final Valuation Period, the Final Valuation Date(s) in 
respect of such Specified Cliquet Final Valuation Period with the Uth 
lowest Cliquet Final Decimals, determined by the Calculation Agent by 
ranking each of the Final Valuation Dates in order of their Cliquet Final 
Decimals from lowest to highest, where, (i) the Final Valuation Date with 
the highest Cliquet Final Decimal will be the highest ranking, (ii) the Final 
Valuation Date with the second highest Cliquet Final Decimal will be the 
second highest ranking, and so on until (iii) the Final Valuation Date with 
the lowest Cliquet Final Decimal will be the lowest ranking,  
PROVIDED THAT, if any two or more Final Valuation Dates have an 
equal Cliquet Final Decimal, the highest of such Final Valuation Dates 
will be determined in accordance with the Equality Adjustment. 
Final Performance Underlying(s) or FPU means either: 
(A) 
where "Single Underlying Observation" or "Cliquet" is specified as 
applicable in respect of the Final Performance Provisions in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the Redemption Underlying; 
(B) 
where "Weighted Basket Observation" or "Arithmetic Mean Underlying 
Return" is specified as applicable in respect of the Final Performance 
Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, all of the Redemption 
Underlyings;

--- Page 748 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
720 
 
(C) 
where "Best of Basket Observation" is specified as applicable in respect 
of the Final Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Underlying with the Nth highest (which shall, if, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, two or more Final Performance 
Underlyings are equal Nth highest, be determined in accordance with the 
Equality Adjustment) Final Performance, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; 
(D) 
where "Worst of Basket Observation" is specified as applicable in respect 
of the Final Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Redemption Underlying with the Nth lowest (which shall, if, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, two or more Final Performance 
Underlyings are equal Nth lowest, be determined in accordance with the 
Equality Adjustment) Final Performance, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; and 
(E) 
where "Outperformance Observation" is specified as applicable in respect 
of the Final Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, all of 
the Final Outperformance A Underlying(s) and Final Outperformance B 
Underlying(s); 
(F) 
where "Himalaya Final Performance – Asian Observation" and "Best of 
Himalaya Basket Observation" are specified as applicable in respect of the 
Final Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of 
each Final Valuation Date, the Redemption Underlying with the highest 
(which shall, if, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, two or more 
Redemption Underlyings are equal highest, be determined in accordance 
with the Equality Adjustment) Multiple FVD Final Performance 
Percentage on such Final Valuation Date, PROVIDED THAT a 
Redemption Underlying may not be the Final Performance Underlying in 
respect of any such Final Valuation Date if such Redemption Underlying 
was the Final Performance Underlying in respect of any preceding Final 
Valuation Date and any such Redemption Underlying will be deemed not 
to be an Redemption Underlying for the purpose of determining the Final 
Performance Underlying in respect of such Final Valuation Date, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(G) 
where "Himalaya Final Performance – Asian Observation" and "Worst of 
Himalaya Basket Observation" are specified as applicable in respect of the 
Final Performance Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of 
each Final Valuation Date, the Redemption Underlying with the lowest 
(which shall, if, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, two or more 
Redemption Underlyings are equal lowest, be determined in accordance 
with the Equality Adjustment) Multiple FVD Final Performance 
Percentage on such Final Valuation Date, PROVIDED THAT a 
Redemption Underlying may not be the Final Performance Underlying in 
respect of any such Final Valuation Date if such Redemption Underlying 
was the Final Performance Underlying in respect of any preceding Final 
Valuation Date and any such Redemption Underlying will be deemed not 
to be a Redemption Underlying for the purpose of determining the Final 
Performance Underlying in respect of such Final Valuation Date, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Final Reference Level means, subject as provided in sub-paragraph (G) of the 
definition of Redemption Barrier Event below, in respect of a Redemption 
Underlying, either: 
(A) 
where the Final Reference Level is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "Closing Level on Final Valuation Date", the Underlying Closing 
Level of such Redemption Underlying on the Final Valuation Date, as

--- Page 749 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
721 
 
converted by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for such Final Valuation 
Date; 
(B) 
where the Final Reference Level is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "Arithmetic Average Closing Level on Final Valuation Dates", the 
arithmetic average of the Underlying Closing Level of such Redemption 
Underlying on the Final Valuation Dates, as converted first in each case 
by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Final Valuation Date, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(C) 
where the Final Reference Level is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "Lowest Closing Level on Final Valuation Dates", the lowest (or 
equal lowest) Underlying Closing Level of such Redemption Underlying 
on the Final Valuation Dates, as converted first in each case by reference 
to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Final Valuation Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(D) 
where the Final Reference Level is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "Lowest Intra-day Level on Final Valuation Dates", the lowest (or 
equal lowest) Underlying Level of such Redemption Underlying on the 
Final Valuation Dates, as converted first in each case by reference to the 
relevant FX (if any) for each such Final Valuation Date, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent; 
(E) 
where the Final Reference Level is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "Highest Closing Level on Final Valuation Dates", the highest (or 
equal highest) Underlying Closing Level of such Redemption Underlying 
on the Final Valuation Dates, as converted first in each case by reference 
to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Final Valuation Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(F) 
where the Final Reference Level is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
to be "Highest Intra-day Level on Final Valuation Dates", the highest (or 
equal highest) Underlying Level of such Redemption Underlying on the 
Final Valuation Dates, as converted first in each case by reference to the 
relevant FX (if any) for each such Final Valuation Date, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. 
FX means, for the purpose of this Condition 1.1(c), where FX Provisions are 
specified as applicable in respect of the Underlying Linked Securities Redemption 
Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, (a) in respect of a Redemption 
Underlying and the level or value (as provided on the applicable Electronic Page 
(as defined in Condition 2 below)) of which is expressed or determined to be in a 
currency other than the Specified Currency (being, in the case of Dual Currency 
Securities, the Denomination Currency) (the Relevant Currency), either: (i) 
where Quanto Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the rate specified for such Redemption Underlying in the applicable Issue 
Terms; or (ii) where Compo FX Provisions are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the average of the mid Relevant Currency/Specified 
Currency exchange rates quoted on the Designated Page at the Designated Time 
on the or each relevant Valuation Date (or such other page or service that may 
replace the Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the mid Relevant 
Currency/Specified Currency exchange rate or any other page or service as the 
Calculation Agent may select for this purpose which displays such exchange rate) 
at such time(s) on the or each relevant Valuation Date as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine (expressed as the number of units of the Relevant Currency (or 
part thereof) for which one unit of the Specified Currency can be exchanged) 
PROVIDED THAT if any such FX cannot be determined as specified above it 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent at such time(s) and by reference to 
such source(s) as it deems appropriate; or (b) otherwise, 1,

--- Page 750 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
722 
 
PROVIDED THAT: (x) if Reciprocal Rate is specified in respect of such 
Redemption Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms, FX shall be 1 divided by 
the rate calculated pursuant to the above (rounded to four decimal places); or (y) 
if Cross Rate is specified in respect of such Interest Underlying in the applicable 
Issue Terms, FX shall be the average of the mid Cross Rate A Currency/Cross 
Rate B Currency exchange rates quoted on the Cross Rate I Designated Page at 
the Cross Rate I Designated Time on the or each relevant Valuation Date (or such 
other page or service that may replace the Cross Rate I Designated Page for the 
purpose of displaying the mid Cross Rate A Currency/Cross Rate B Currency 
exchange rate or any other page or service as the Calculation Agent may select 
for this purpose which displays such exchange rate) at such time(s) on the or each 
relevant Valuation Date as the Calculation Agent shall determine (all rounded to 
four decimal places) divided by Cross Rate A Currency/Cross Rate C Currency 
exchange rates quoted on the Cross Rate II Designated Page at the Cross Rate II 
Designated Time on the or each relevant Valuation Date (or such other page or 
service that may replace the Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the 
mid Cross Rate A Currency/Cross Rate C Currency exchange rate or any other 
page or service as the Calculation Agent may select for this purpose which 
displays such exchange rate) at such time(s) on the or each relevant Valuation 
Date as the Calculation Agent shall determine (all rounded to four decimal places) 
PROVIDED THAT if any such FX cannot be determined as specified above it 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent at such time(s) and by reference to 
such source(s) as it deems appropriate.  
Multiple FVD Final Performance Percentage means, in respect of a Final 
Valuation Date and a Redemption Underlying, a percentage, determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Final Reference Level for the relevant Final Valuation Date −Redemption Strike Level
Redemption Initial Level
 
n means the number of Redemption Underlyings specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Redemption Initial Level means, in respect of a Redemption Underlying: 
(A) 
where the Redemption Initial Level is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Closing Level on Redemption Strike Date", the Underlying 
Closing Level of such Redemption Underlying on the Redemption Strike 
Date, as converted by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for the 
Redemption Strike Date; 
(B) 
where the Redemption Initial Level is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Arithmetic Average Closing Level on Redemption Strike 
Dates", the arithmetic average of the Underlying Closing Level of such 
Redemption Underlying on the Redemption Strike Dates, as converted 
first in each case by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for each such 
Redemption Strike Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(C) 
where the Redemption Initial Level is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be the "Closing Level on Redemption Re-Strike Date FVD", (i) 
the Final Reference Level for the immediately preceding Final Valuation 
Date or, (ii) if there has been no such Final Valuation Date, the Underlying 
Closing Level for the Redemption Underlying on the Redemption Strike 
Date, as converted by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for such 
Redemption Strike Date; 
(D) 
where the Redemption Initial Level is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Lowest Closing Level on Redemption Strike Dates", the 
lowest (or equal lowest) Underlying Closing Level of such Redemption 
Underlying on the Redemption Strike Dates, as converted first in each case

--- Page 751 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
723 
 
by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Redemption Strike 
Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(E) 
where the Redemption Initial Level is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Lowest Intra-day Level on Redemption Strike Dates", the 
lowest (or equal lowest) Underlying Level of such Redemption 
Underlying on the Redemption Strike Dates, as converted first in each case 
by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Redemption Strike 
Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent;  
(F) 
where the Redemption Initial Level is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Highest Closing Level on Redemption Strike Dates", the 
highest (or equal highest) Underlying Closing Level of such Redemption 
Underlying on the Redemption Strike Dates, as converted first in each case 
by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Redemption Strike 
Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent;  
(G) 
where the Redemption Initial Level is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Highest Intra-day Level on Redemption Strike Dates", the 
highest (or equal highest) Underlying Level of such Redemption 
Underlying on the Redemption Strike Dates, as converted first in each case 
by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Redemption Strike 
Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent; or 
(H) 
a level specified as such for the Redemption Underlying in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
Redemption Strike Level means, in respect of a Redemption Underlying, the 
Redemption Strike Level specified for such Redemption Underlying in the 
applicable Issue Terms which may, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
be such Redemption Underlying's Redemption Initial Level.  
Redemption Underlying means the or each Underlying (as defined in Condition 
2(n) below) specified as a Redemption Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Underlying Return (Final) means, in respect of each Redemption Underlying 
and a Final Valuation Date, either: 
(A) 
if "Single Cap - Single Valuation Date" or "Single Floor - Single Valuation 
Date" is specified as applicable in respect of Underlying Return (Final) in 
the applicable Issue Terms, an amount expressed as a percentage and 
determined by reference to the following formula, where each relevant 
constituent value is determined in relation to the relevant Redemption 
Underlying: 
Final Reference Level −Redemption Strike Level
Redemption Initial Level
 
subject to, (i) if a "Single Cap" is specified in respect of Underlying Return 
(Final) in the applicable Issue Terms, a maximum percentage equal to the 
Single Cap specified in respect of Underlying Return (Final) in the 
applicable Issue Terms, (ii) if a "Single Floor" is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, a minimum percentage equal to the Single Floor specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms or (iii) if "Single Cap" and a "Single Floor" are 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, a maximum percentage equal to 
the Single Cap and a minimum percentage equal to the Single Floor, each 
as specified in the applicable Issue Terms;  
(B) 
if "Single Cap - Multiple Valuation Date" or "Single Floor - Multiple 
Valuation Date" is specified as applicable in respect of Underlying Return 
(Final) in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount expressed as a percentage 
and determined as the arithmetic mean of the Multiple FVD Final

--- Page 752 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
724 
 
Performance Percentage for the Redemption Underlying on the Final 
Valuation Dates, as determined by the Calculation Agent, subject to, (i) if 
a "Single Cap" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, a maximum 
percentage equal to the Single Cap specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
(ii) if a "Single Floor" is specified in respect of Underlying Return (Final) 
in the applicable Issue Terms, a minimum percentage equal to the Single 
Floor specified in the applicable Issue Terms or (iii) if "Single Cap" and a 
"Single Floor" are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, a maximum 
percentage equal to the Single Cap and a minimum percentage equal to the 
Single Floor, each as specified in the applicable Issue Terms;  
(C) 
if "Single Target" is specified as applicable in respect of Underlying 
Return (Final) in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount expressed as a 
percentage and determined by reference to the following formula (the 
Single Target Redemption Percentage), where each relevant constituent 
value is determined in relation to the relevant Redemption Underlying:  
Final Reference Level −Redemption Strike Level
Redemption Initial Level
 
PROVIDED THAT: 
I. 
if a Single Target Underlying Redemption Threshold Percentage is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, and the Single Target 
Redemption Percentage is either (i) equal to or less than, (ii) equal 
to or greater than, (iii) less than, or (iv) greater than the Single 
Target Redemption Threshold Percentage (in each case, as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms), the Underlying Return 
(Final) will be the Single Target Underlying Redemption 
Performance Percentage specified in the applicable Issue Terms; or 
II. 
if "Single Target Redemption (Barrier)" is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, and (i) if "Barrier Event Satisfaction 
Required" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and a 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, the Underlying Return 
(Final) will be a percentage equal to the Single Target Underlying 
Redemption Performance (Barrier Event Satisfied) Percentage, 
and/or (ii) if "Barrier Event Satisfaction Not Required" is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms and a Redemption Barrier Event has 
not occurred, a percentage equal to the Single Target Underlying 
Redemption Performance (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) Percentage; 
and 
(D) 
if "Oasis" is specified as applicable in respect of Underlying Return (Final) 
in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount expressed as a percentage and 
determined in accordance with the following formula (the Oasis Final 
Percentage), where each relevant constituent value is determined in 
relation to the relevant Redemption Underlying: 
Final Reference Level - Redemption Interest Strike Level
Redemption Initial Level
 
PROVIDED THAT: 
I. 
if "Oasis – Best Performing Only" is specified in respect of 
Underlying Return (Final) in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Underlying Return (Final) for the (or each, as the case may be) Best 
Oasis Redemption Performer will be deemed to be the Oasis Final 
Underlying Performance Percentage specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms and not the Oasis Final Percentage calculated in 
accordance with the formula above; or

--- Page 753 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
725 
 
II. 
if "Oasis – Multiple Best Performing" is specified in respect of 
Underlying Return (Final) in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Underlying Return (Final) for each Best Oasis Redemption 
Performer will be deemed to be the Oasis Final Underlying 
Performance Percentage specified in the Table set out in the 
applicable Issue Terms in respect of such Best Oasis Redemption 
Performer and not the Oasis Final Percentage calculated in 
accordance with the formula above. 
PROVIDED THAT, if (x) a Maximum Underlying Return (Final) is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Underlying Return (Final) 
is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Underlying Return (Final) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
the Underlying Return (Final) is subject to such minimum percentage (a 
floor); or (z) a Maximum Underlying Return (Final) and a Minimum 
Underlying Return (Final) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
the Underlying Return (Final) is subject to such maximum percentage and 
minimum percentage (a collar).  
Wn means: 
(i) 
in respect of a Redemption Underlying and where Weighted Basket 
Observation is specified as applicable in respect of the Final Performance 
Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, the percentage weighting 
specified for such Redemption Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Where "Rainbow Weighting" is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, 
Wn will be a percentage weighting for such Redemption Underlying 
depending on such Redemption Underlying's performance. Accordingly, 
in order to determine Wn for a Redemption Underlying where "Rainbow 
Weighting" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Final Performance of such Redemption Underlying shall first be calculated 
as provided in paragraph (C) of the definition of Final Performance and 
thereafter the Wn shall be assigned in accordance with the rankings set out 
in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(ii) 
where 
Outperformance 
Observation 
and, 
in 
respect 
of 
Final 
Outperformance A Underlying, Weighted Basket Observation is specified 
as applicable in respect of the Final Performance Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms, in respect of an Final Outperformance A 
Underlying and an Interest Payment Date, the percentage weighting 
specified for such Final Outperformance A Underlying in the applicable 
Issue Terms. Where "Rainbow Weighting" is specified as applicable in the 
Issue Terms, Wn will be a percentage weighting for such Final 
Outperformance A Underlying depending on such Final Outperformance 
A Underlying's performance. Accordingly, in order to determine Wn for 
an Final Outperformance A Underlying where "Rainbow Weighting" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Final 
Performance of such Final Outperformance A Underlying shall first be 
calculated as provided in paragraph III of the definition of Outperf A and 
thereafter the Wn shall be assigned in accordance with the rankings set out 
in the applicable Issue Terms; or 
(iii) 
where 
Outperformance 
Observation 
and, 
in 
respect 
of 
Final 
Outperformance B Underlying, Weighted Basket Observation is specified 
as applicable in respect of the Final Performance Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms, in respect of an Final Outperformance B 
Underlying and an Interest Payment Date, the percentage weighting 
specified for such Final Outperformance B Underlying in the applicable 
Issue Terms. Where "Rainbow Weighting" is specified as applicable in the 
Issue Terms, Wn will be a percentage weighting for such Final 
Outperformance B Underlying depending on such Final Outperformance

--- Page 754 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
726 
 
B Underlying's performance. Accordingly, in order to determine Wn for an 
Final Outperformance A Underlying where "Rainbow Weighting" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Final 
Performance of such Final Outperformance B Underlying shall first be 
calculated as provided in paragraph III of the definition of Outperf B and 
thereafter the Wn shall be assigned in accordance with the rankings set out 
in the applicable Issue Terms, 
PROVIDED THAT, where "Rainbow Weighting" applies, if two or more 
Redemption Underlyings, Final Outperformance A Underlyings or Final 
Outperformance B Underlyings have an equal Final Performance, their ranking 
shall be determined in accordance with the Equality Adjustment.  
X means the number of Oasis Best Performers specified in the Table set out in 
the applicable Issue Terms in respect of Underlying Return (Final). 
(iii) 
Definitions relating to the determination of the redemption amount due or 
assets deliverable on the Maturity Date 
Final Barrier Level means (i) where a single Final Barrier Level is specified in 
respect of a Redemption Barrier Underlying or, as the case may be, all of the 
Redemption Barrier Underlyings, whichever of, greater than, greater than (or 
equal to), less than or less than (or equal to), the percentage level or, as applicable, 
the amount specified as such in respect of a Redemption Barrier Underlying or, 
as the case may be, all of the Redemption Barrier Underlyings, in the applicable 
Issue Terms or (ii) where percentage levels are specified in respect of a 
Redemption Barrier Underlying or, as the case may be, all of the Redemption 
Barrier Underlyings, in the applicable Issue Terms one as a Lower Final Barrier 
Level and one as an Upper Final Barrier Level, that the Final Barrier Level shall 
mean in respect of a Redemption Barrier Underlying or, as the case may be, all of 
the Redemption Barrier Underlyings, either (A) any level that is greater than (or 
equal to) such Lower Final Barrier Level and less than (or equal to) such Upper 
Final Barrier Level, or (B) any level that is greater than, or greater than or equal 
to, such Upper Final Barrier Level or less than, or less than or equal to, such 
Lower Final Barrier Level, as may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
A "Redemption Barrier Event" will occur if: 
(A) 
where the Redemption Barrier Event is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Redemption Barrier Event European Observation", in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, the (i) Underlying Closing Level 
or (ii) if "Sum of" is specified to apply in respect of the Redemption Barrier 
Event in the applicable Issue Terms, the sum of the Underlying Closing 
Levels of the Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the relevant Final 
Barrier Level on the Redemption Barrier Observation Date; 
(B) 
where the Redemption Barrier Event is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Redemption Barrier Event European Performance 
Observation", in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the Final 
Performance of the Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the relevant 
Final Barrier Level; 
(C) 
where the Redemption Barrier Event is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Redemption Barrier Event American Observation – Closing 
Level", in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the (i) Underlying 
Closing Level or (ii) if "Sum of" is specified in respect of the Redemption 
Barrier Event in the applicable Issue Terms, the sum of the Underlying 
Closing Levels of the Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the 
relevant Final Barrier Level on each Redemption Barrier Observation 
Date;

--- Page 755 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
727 
 
(D) 
where the Redemption Barrier Event is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Redemption Barrier Event American Observation – Intra-
Day Level", in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the (i) 
Underlying Level or (ii) if "Sum of" is specified in respect of the 
Redemption Barrier Event in the applicable Issue Terms, the sum of the 
Underlying Levels of the Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the 
relevant Final Barrier Level on each Redemption Barrier Observation 
Date; 
(E) 
where the Redemption Barrier Event is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Redemption Barrier Event American One-Touch 
Observation – Closing Level", the (i) Underlying Closing Level or (ii) if 
"Sum of" is specified in respect of the Redemption Barrier Event in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the sum of the Underlying Closing Levels of the 
Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the relevant Final Barrier Level 
on any Redemption Barrier Observation Date;  
(F) 
where the Redemption Barrier Event is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Redemption Barrier Event American One-Touch 
Observation – Intra-Day Level", in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, the (i) Underlying Level or (ii) if "Sum of" is specified in respect 
of the Redemption Barrier Event in the applicable Issue Terms, the sum of 
the Underlying Levels of the Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) satisfy the 
relevant Final Barrier Level on any Redemption Barrier Observation Date;  
(G) 
where the Redemption Barrier Event is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Redemption Barrier Event American Performance 
Observation", in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the (i) Final 
Performance or (ii) if "Sum of" is specified in respect of the Redemption 
Barrier Event in the applicable Issue Terms, the sum of the Final 
Performances of the Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) and each 
Redemption Barrier Observation Date, satisfy the relevant Final Barrier 
Level and, as the Final Performance shall be calculated in respect of each 
Redemption Barrier Observation Date, then:  
I. 
reference in the definition of Final Performance to "Final Reference 
Level" shall be construed to be to the "Underlying Closing Level 
for the relevant Redemption Underlying for the relevant 
Redemption Barrier Observation Date converted at the FX on such 
Redemption Barrier Observation Date"; 
II. 
reference to the Final Performance shall be construed to be to Final 
Performance for the relevant Redemption Barrier Observation 
Date; and  
III. 
the Final Performance Underlying(s) (if any) shall be determined 
in respect of the relevant Redemption Barrier Observation Date; or 
(H) 
where the Redemption Barrier Event is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms to be "Target Redemption Barrier Event", in the determination of 
the Calculation Agent and in respect of the Interest Payment Date 
scheduled to fall on the Maturity Date, the sum of the aggregate Interest 
Amount(s) paid in respect of all of the Interest Payment Dates falling prior 
to such Interest Payment Date: 
I. 
and, where "Include Any Interest Amount Due On Maturity Date" 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, due on that Interest 
Payment Date is equal to or greater than the Target Redemption 
Threshold Amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms; or

--- Page 756 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
728 
 
II. 
but, where "Exclude Any Interest Amount Due On Maturity Date" 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, excluding any Interest 
Amount due on the Interest Payment Date, is equal to or greater 
than the Target Redemption Threshold Amount specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
As used above, "satisfy" means that the relevant Underlying Closing 
Level, Final Performance or Underlying Level, as the case may be, are in 
the case of (i) above in the definition of Final Barrier Level, greater than, 
greater than (or equal to), less than or less than (or equal to), as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to the relevant Redemption 
Barrier Event, the relevant Final Barrier Level; or in the case of (ii) above 
in the definition of Final Barrier Level, are not less than the relevant Lower 
Final Barrier Level nor greater than the relevant Upper Final Barrier Level, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) means the Redemption Underlyings 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
A Redemption Upper Barrier Event will occur in respect of a Specified 
Redemption Upper Barrier Event Valuation Date if: 
(A) 
where the Redemption Upper Barrier Event is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms to be "Redemption Barrier Event Final Performance FPU", in 
the determination of the Calculation Agent, the Final Performance of the 
Final Performance Underlyings in respect of such Specified Redemption 
Upper Barrier Event Valuation Date is (i) greater than, (ii) greater than or 
equal to, (iii), less than, or (iv) less than or equal to (in each case as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of the Redemption Upper 
Barrier Event), the Redemption Upper Barrier Percentage specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and, as the Final Performance shall be calculated 
in respect of each Redemption Upper Barrier Event Valuation Date: 
I. 
reference in the definition of Final Performance to "Final Reference 
Level" shall be construed to be to the "Underlying Closing Level 
for the relevant Redemption Underlying for the relevant 
Redemption Upper Barrier Event Valuation Date converted at the 
relevant FX (if any) for such Redemption Upper Barrier Event 
Valuation Date"; 
II. 
reference to the Final Performance shall be construed to be to Final 
Performance for the relevant Redemption Upper Barrier Event 
Valuation Date; and  
III. 
the Final Performance Underlying(s) (if any) shall be determined 
in respect of the relevant Redemption Upper Barrier Event 
Valuation Date; or 
(B) 
where the Redemption Upper Barrier Event is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms to be "Redemption Barrier Event Underlying Closing Level", 
in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the Underlying Closing 
Level of the Redemption Barrier Underlyings on the Specified 
Redemption Upper Barrier Event Valuation Date specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms is (i) greater than, (ii) greater than or equal to, (iii), 
less than, or (iv) less than or equal to (in each case as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms in respect of the Redemption Upper Barrier Event), 
the Redemption Upper Barrier Percentage specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
(iv) 
Definitions relating to the determination of the Redemption Amount due or 
Entitlement deliverable in relation to Physical Delivery Securities

--- Page 757 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
729 
 
Entitlement means, in relation to a Physical Delivery Security and where 
"Weighted Basket Observation" is not specified as applicable in respect of the 
Final Performance Provisions only, the quantity of the Relevant Asset, which a 
Securityholder is entitled to receive on the Maturity Date (subject as provided 
herein) in respect of each Security (subject to payment of any Expenses as 
provided herein and rounded down as provided herein), as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, including any documents evidencing such Entitlement and, 
for such purpose, the quantity of the Relevant Asset shall be determined as an 
amount of the Final Performance Underlying or, if none, the Redemption 
Underlying (the Entitlement Underlying) determined by reference to the 
Calculation Amount (converted into the currency of the Entitlement Underlying 
where relevant by multiplying the Calculation Amount by the applicable FX for 
the Final Valuation Date or, where there is more than one Final Valuation Date, 
the FX shall be the arithmetic mean of the FX for each such Final Valuation Date) 
divided by the Redemption Initial Level of such Entitlement Underlying (and 
rounded to the number of decimal places specified as the Entitlement Calculation 
Rounding Convention in the applicable Issue Terms (with halves being rounded 
up)):  
Calculation Amount × FX of Entitlement Underlying
Redemption Initial Level of Entitlement Underlying 
Equivalent Amount means, in relation to each Security, an amount equal to the 
sum for each of the Relevant Asset(s) comprising the Entitlement in respect of 
such Security of the product of (i) the Entitlement Ratio in relation to such 
Relevant Asset(s) comprising the Entitlement multiplied by (ii) the Underlying 
Closing Level of such Relevant Asset(s) on the relevant Valuation Date 
(converted into the Specified Currency (being, in the case of Dual Currency 
Securities, the Denomination Currency) on the terms set out in the applicable 
Issue Terms (the Entitlement Price). 
Entitlement Ratio means, in respect of a Relevant Asset comprising the 
Entitlement, the number of shares or units or other measure of such Relevant 
Asset comprising the Entitlement. "Relevant Asset" means the Final 
Performance Underlying or, if none, the Redemption Underlying. 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount means, in respect of each Security, 
either  
(A) 
where the relevant Performance-Linked Redemption Amount is expressed 
in the applicable Issue Terms to be Put Option and:  
I. 
neither an FPR nor a Redemption Adjustment is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the product of the Calculation 
Amount and the sum of the Relevant Percentage (as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms) and the Final Performance of the Final 
Performance Underlying(s) (FPU), expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x (Relevant Percentage + Final Performance of FPU); or 
II. 
an FPR but no Redemption Adjustment is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the product of the Calculation 
Amount and the sum of the Relevant Percentage (as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms)and the Final Performance of the FPU 
multiplied by FPR, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x (Relevant Percentage + Final Performance of FPU) x FPR; or

--- Page 758 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
730 
 
III. 
FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms but no FPR or Redemption Adjustment is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be the product of the Calculation Amount and the 
sum of the Relevant Percentage (as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms) and the Final Performance of the FPU multiplied by the FX 
Performance, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x (Relevant Percentage + Final Performance of FPU) x FX Performance; or 
IV. 
a Redemption Adjustment but no FPR is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not Applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be the product of the Calculation Amount and the 
sum of the Relevant Percentage (as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms) and the Final Performance of the FPU plus the Redemption 
Adjustment, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x (Relevant Percentage + Final Performance of FPU) + Redemption Adjustment; or 
V. 
an FPR but no Redemption Adjustment is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the product of the Calculation 
Amount and the sum of the Relevant Percentage (as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms) and the Final Performance of the FPU 
multiplied by the FX Performance, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x (Relevant Percentage + Final Performance of FPU) x FPR x FX Performance; or 
VI. 
an FPR and a Redemption Adjustment are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the product of the Calculation 
Amount and the sum of the Relevant Percentage (as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms) and the Final Performance of the FPU 
multiplied by the FPR plus the Redemption Adjustment, expressed 
as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x (Relevant Percentage + Final Performance of FPU) x FPR + Redemption Adjustment; or 
VII. 
FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms and a Redemption Adjustment but no FPR is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be the product of the Calculation Amount and the 
sum of the Relevant Percentage (as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms) and the Final Performance of the FPU multiplied by the FX 
Performance plus the Redemption Adjustment, expressed as a 
formula: 
Calculation Amount x (Relevant Percentage + Final Performance of FPU) x FX Performance + Redemption Adjustment; or 
VIII. an FPR and a Redemption Adjustment are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the product of the Calculation 
Amount and the sum of the Relevant Percentage (as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms) and the Final Performance of the FPU 
multiplied by the FPR multiplied by the FX Performance plus the 
Redemption Adjustment, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x (Relevant Percentage + Final Performance of FPU) x FPR x FX Performance + Redemption Adjustment

--- Page 759 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
731 
 
PROVIDED HOWEVER, in the case of each of (A)I to (A)VIII above, 
that: 
(a) 
if (x) a Maximum Redemption Amount is specified in respect 
thereof in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Redemption Amount 
is subject to such maximum amount (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Redemption Amount is specified in respect thereof in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Redemption Amount is subject to 
such minimum amount (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Redemption 
Amount and a Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in 
respect thereof in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Redemption 
Amount is subject to such maximum amount and a minimum 
amount (a collar); 
(b) 
if a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Redemption Amount (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Redemption Amount is subject to 
such maximum amount (a cap); (y) a Minimum Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then the Redemption Amount is subject to such 
minimum amount (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Redemption Amount 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Redemption Amount 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the Redemption Amount is subject to such maximum amount 
and minimum amount (a collar); and 
(c) 
if a Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Redemption Amount (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, then the Redemption is subject to such 
maximum amount (a cap); (y) a Minimum Redemption Amount 
(Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Redemption Amount is subject to such minimum 
amount (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Redemption Amount (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) and a Minimum Redemption Amount (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
the Redemption Amount is subject to such maximum amount and 
minimum amount (a collar); 
(B) 
where the relevant Performance-Linked Redemption Amount is expressed 
in the applicable Issue Terms to be Call Option and:  
I. 
neither an FPR nor a Redemption Adjustment is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the sum of the Calculation 
Amount and the Calculation Amount multiplied by the Final 
Performance of the Final Performance Underlying(s) (FPU), 
expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount + (Calculation Amount x Final Performance of FPU); or 
II. 
an FPR but no Redemption Adjustment is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the sum of the Calculation 
Amount and the Calculation Amount multiplied by the Final 
Performance of the FPU) multiplied by the FPR, expressed as a 
formula: 
Calculation Amount + (Calculation Amount x Final Performance of FPU x FPR); or

--- Page 760 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
732 
 
III. 
FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms but no FPR or Redemption Adjustment is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be the sum of the Calculation Amount and the 
Calculation Amount multiplied by the Final Performance of the 
FPU multiplied by the FX Performance, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount + (Calculation Amount x Final Performance of FPU x FX Performance); or 
IV. 
a Redemption Adjustment but no FPR is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not Applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be the sum of the Calculation Amount and the 
Calculation Amount multiplied by the Final Performance of the 
Final Performance Underlying(s) (FPU) plus the Redemption 
Adjustment, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount + (Calculation Amount x Final Performance of FPU) + Redemption Adjustment; or 
V. 
an FPR but no Redemption Adjustment is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the sum of the Calculation 
Amount and the Calculation Amount multiplied by the Final 
Performance of the FPU multiplied by the FPR multiplied by the 
FX Performance, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount + (Calculation Amount x Final Performance of FPU x FPR x FX Performance); or 
VI. 
an FPR and a Redemption Adjustment is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not Applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be the sum of the Calculation Amount and the 
Calculation Amount multiplied by the Final Performance of the 
FPU multiplied by the FPR plus the Redemption Adjustment, 
expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount + (Calculation Amount x Final Performance of FPU x FPR) + Redemption Adjustment; or 
VII. 
FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms and a Redemption Adjustment but no FPR is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be the sum of the Calculation Amount and the 
Calculation Amount multiplied by the Final Performance of the 
FPU multiplied by the FX Performance plus the Redemption 
Adjustment, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount + (Calculation Amount x Final Performance of FPU x FX Performance) + Redemption Adjustment; or 
VIII. an FPR and a Redemption Adjustment are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the sum of the Calculation 
Amount and the Calculation Amount multiplied by the Final 
Performance of the FPU multiplied by the FPR multiplied by FX 
Performance plus the Redemption Adjustment, expressed as a 
formula: 
Calculation Amount + (Calculation Amount x Final Performance of FPU x FPR x FX Performance) + Redemption Adjustment; 
PROVIDED HOWEVER, in the case of each of (B)I to (B)VIII above, 
that:

--- Page 761 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
733 
 
(a) 
if (x) a Maximum Redemption Amount is specified in respect 
thereof in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Redemption Amount 
is subject to such maximum amount (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Redemption Amount is specified in respect thereof in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Redemption Amount is subject to 
such minimum amount (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Redemption 
Amount and a Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in 
respect thereof in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Redemption 
Amount is subject to such maximum amount and a minimum 
amount (a collar); 
(b) 
if a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Redemption Amount (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Redemption Amount is subject to 
such maximum amount (a cap); (y) a Minimum Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then the Redemption Amount is subject to such 
minimum amount (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Redemption Amount 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Redemption Amount 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the Redemption Amount is subject to such maximum amount 
and minimum amount (a collar); and 
(c) 
if a Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Redemption Amount (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, then the Redemption is subject to such 
maximum amount (a cap); (y) a Minimum Redemption Amount 
(Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Redemption Amount is subject to such minimum 
amount (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Redemption Amount (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) and a Minimum Redemption Amount (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
the Redemption Amount is subject to such maximum amount and 
minimum amount (a collar); 
(C) 
where the relevant Performance-Linked Redemption Amount is expressed 
in the applicable Issue Terms to be Call Spread - Put Spread Option and:  
I. 
none of an FPR Call, a Global Participation Rate (GPR) or an FPR 
Put is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance 
is specified as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an 
amount in the Specified Currency determined to be (x) the 
Calculation Amount multiplied by (y) the "call spread amount" 
(being the greater of the Call Floor and the lesser of the Call Cap 
and the Final Performance of the Final Performance Underlying(s)) 
plus the "put spread amount" (being the lesser of the Put Cap and 
the greater of the Put Floor and the sum of the Relevant Percentage 
plus Final Performance of the Final Performance Underlying(s)), 
plus the Redemption Adjustment (RedAdj) expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x [Max(CallFloor, Min(CallCap, FinalPerf)) + Min(PutCap, Max(PutFloor, Relevant Percentage + Final Perf))] + RedAdj  
Such amount is therefore subject to a Maximum Redemption 
Amount and a Minimum Redemption Amount (a collar); or 
II. 
a GPR but neither a FPR Call or a FPR Put is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be (x) the Calculation Amount 
multiplied by (y) the "call spread amount" (being the greater of the 
Call Floor and the lesser of the Call Cap and the Final Performance

--- Page 762 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
734 
 
of the Final Performance Underlying(s)) plus the "put spread 
amount" (being the lesser of the Put Cap and the greater of the Put 
Floor and the sum of the Relevant Percentage plus Final 
Performance of the Final Performance Underlying(s)), all 
multiplied by the GPR, plus the Redemption Adjustment (RedAdj) 
expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x [[Max(CallFloor, Min(CallCap, FinalPerf)) + Min(PutCap, Max(PutFloor, Relevant Percentage + Final Perf))] x GPR] 
+ RedAdj 
III. 
FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms but none of a GPR, a FPR Call or an FPR Put is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be (x) the Calculation Amount multiplied by (y) the 
"call spread amount" (being the greater of the Call Floor and the 
lesser of the Call Cap and the Final Performance of the Final 
Performance Underlying(s)) plus the "put spread amount" (being 
the lesser of the Put Cap and the greater of the Put Floor and the 
sum of the Relevant Percentage plus Final Performance of the Final 
Performance Underlying(s)), all multiplied by the FX Performance, 
plus the Redemption Adjustment (RedAdj) expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x [[Max(CallFloor, Min(CallCap, FinalPerf)) + Min(PutCap, Max(PutFloor, Relevant Percentage + Final Perf))] x FX 
Performance] + RedAdj 
IV. 
a GPR but no FPR Call or FPR Put is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be (x) the Calculation Amount multiplied by (y) the 
"call spread amount" (being the greater of the Call Floor and the 
lesser of the Call Cap and the Final Performance of the Final 
Performance Underlying(s)) plus the "put spread amount" (being 
the lesser of the Put Cap and the greater of the Put Floor and the 
sum of the Relevant Percentage plus Final Performance of the Final 
Performance Underlying(s)), all multiplied by the GPR multiplied 
by the FX Performance, plus the Redemption Adjustment 
(RedAdj) expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x [[Max(CallFloor, Min(CallCap, FinalPerf)) + Min(PutCap, Max(PutFloor, Relevant Percentage + Final Perf))] x GPR x 
FX Performance] + RedAdj 
V. 
a FPR Call and a FPR Put but no GPR is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not Applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be (x) the Calculation Amount multiplied by (y) the 
"call spread amount" (being the greater of the Call Floor and the 
lesser of the Call Cap and the Final Performance of the Final 
Performance Underlying(s), multiplied by the FPR Call) plus the 
"put spread amount" (being the lesser of the Put Cap and the greater 
of the Put Floor and the sum of the Relevant Percentage plus Final 
Performance of the Final Performance Underlying(s), multiplied by 
the FPR Put), plus the Redemption Adjustment (RedAdj) 
expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x [[Max(CallFloor, Min(CallCap, FinalPerf)) x FPR Call] + [Min(PutCap, Max(PutFloor, Relevant Percentage + 
FinalPerf)) x FPR Put]] + RedAdj 
Such amount is therefore subject to a Maximum Redemption 
Amount and a Minimum Redemption Amount (a collar); or 
VI. 
a GPR, a FPR Call and a FPR Put is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not Applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be (x) the Calculation Amount multiplied by (y) the

--- Page 763 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
735 
 
"call spread amount" (being the greater of the Call Floor and the 
lesser of the Call Cap and the Final Performance of the Final 
Performance Underlying(s), multiplied by the FRR Call) plus the 
"put spread amount" (being the lesser of the Put Cap and the greater 
of the Put Floor and the sum of the Relevant Percentage plus Final 
Performance of the Final Performance Underlying(s), multiplied by 
the FPR Put) all multiplied by the GPR, plus the Redemption 
Adjustment (RedAdj) expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x [[[Max(CallFloor, Min(CallCap, FinalPerf)) x FPR Call] + [Min(PutCap, Max(PutFloor, Relevant Percentage + 
FinalPerf)) x FPR Put]] x GPR] + RedAdj 
VII. 
a FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms and a FPR Call and a FPR Put but no GPR is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be (x) the Calculation Amount multiplied by (y) the 
"call spread amount" (being the greater of the Call Floor and the 
lesser of the Call Cap and the Final Performance of the Final 
Performance Underlying(s), multiplied by the FPR Call) plus the 
"put spread amount" (being the lesser of the Put Cap and the greater 
of the Put Floor and the sum of the Relevant Percentage plus Final 
Performance of the Final Performance Underlying(s), multiplied by 
the FPR Put) all multiplied by the FX Performance, plus the 
Redemption Adjustment (RedAdj), expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x [[[Max(CallFloor, Min(CallCap, FinalPerf)) x FPR Call] + [Min(PutCap, Max(PutFloor, Relevant Percentage + Final 
Perf)) x FPR Put]] x FX Performance] + RedAdj 
VIII. a GPR, a FPR Call and a FPR Put are specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be (x) the Calculation Amount multiplied by (y) the 
"call spread amount" (being the greater of the Call Floor and the 
lesser of the Call Cap and the Final Performance of the Final 
Performance Underlying(s), multiplied by the FRR Call)  the "put 
spread amount" (being the lesser of the Put Cap and the greater of 
the Put Floor and the sum of the Relevant Percentage plus Final 
Performance of the Final Performance Underlying(s), multiplied by 
the FPR Put) all multiplied by the GPR and multiplied by the FX 
Performance, plus the Redemption Adjustment (RedAdj) 
expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x [[[Max(CallFloor, Min(CallCap, FinalPerf)) x FPR Call] + [Min(PutCap, Max(PutFloor, Relevant Percentage + Final 
Perf)) x FPR Put]] x GPR x FX Performance] + RedAdj 
(D) 
where the relevant Performance-Linked Redemption Amount is expressed 
in the applicable Issue Terms to be Twin Win Option and:  
I. 
no FPR is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and FX 
Performance is specified as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency determined to be the 
product of the Calculation Amount and the sum of the Relevant 
Percentage and the Absolute Value of the Final Performance of the 
Final Performance Underlying(s) (FPU), plus the Redemption 
Adjustment (RedAdj) expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x (Relevant Percentage + Abs [Final Performance of FPU]) + RedAdj 
II. 
an FPR is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and FX 
Performance is specified as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency determined to be the 
product of the Calculation Amount and the sum of the Relevant 
Percentage and the Absolute Value of the Final Performance of the

--- Page 764 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
736 
 
FPU multiplied by the FPR, plus the Redemption Adjustment 
(RedAdj) expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x (Relevant Percentage + Abs [Final Performance of FPU x FPR]) + RedAdj 
Such amount is therefore subject to a Minimum Redemption 
Amount (a floor). 
III. 
an FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms but no FPR is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
an amount in the Specified Currency determined to be the product 
of the Calculation Amount and the sum of the Relevant Percentage 
and the Absolute Value of the Final Performance of the FPU 
multiplied by the FX Performance, plus the Redemption 
Adjustment (RedAdj) expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x (Relevant Percentage + Abs [Final Performance of FPU x FX Performance]) + RedAdj 
IV. 
an FPR is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and FX 
Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency determined to be the 
product of the Calculation Amount and the sum of the Relevant 
Percentage and the Absolute Value of the Final Performance of the 
FPU multiplied by the FPR multiplied by the FX Performance, plus 
the Redemption Adjustment (RedAdj) expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x (Relevant Percentage + Abs [Final Performance of FPU x FPR x FX 
Performance]) + RedAdj 
(E) 
where the relevant Performance-Linked Redemption Amount is expressed 
in the applicable Issue Terms to be Market Timer and: 
I. 
no FPR is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and FX 
Performance is specified as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency determined to be the 
product of (a) the Calculation Amount and (b) the sum of 100% and 
the Final Performance of the Final Performance Underlying (FPU) 
and the Market Timer Percentage, plus the Redemption Adjustment 
(RedAdj) expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x (100% + Final Performance of FPU + Market Timer Percentage) + RedAdj 
II. 
an FPR is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and FX 
Performance is specified as Not Applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency determined to be the 
product of (a) the Calculation Amount and (b) the sum of (x) 100% 
and (y) the product of (i) the Final Performance of the FPU and (ii) 
the FPR and (z) the Market Timer Percentage, plus the Redemption 
Adjustment (RedAdj) expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × (100% + FPR × Final Performance of FPU + Market Timer Percentage) + RedAdj 
III. 
an FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms but no FPR is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
an amount in the Specified Currency determined to be the product 
of (a) the Calculation Amount and (b) the sum of (x) 100% and (y) 
the Final Performance of the FPU and (z) the Market Timer 
Percentage and (c) the FX Performance, plus the Redemption 
Adjustment (RedAdj)  expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × (100% + Final Performance of FPU + Market Timer Percentage) × FX Performance+ RedAdj 
IV. 
an FPR is specified in the applicable Issue Terms and FX 
Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable Issue

--- Page 765 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
737 
 
Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency determined to be the 
product of (a) the Calculation Amount and (b) the sum of (i) 100% 
and (ii) the Final Performance of the FPU multiplied by the FPR 
and (iii) the Market Timer Percentage and (c) the FX Performance, 
plus the Redemption Adjustment (RedAdj) expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount × (100% +FPR x Final Performance of FPU + Market Timer Percentage) × FX Performance + RedAdj  
(F) 
where the relevant Performance-Linked Redemption Amount is expressed 
in the applicable Issue Terms to be Put Call Sum: 
I. 
none of a FPR or Redemption Adjustment is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the product of the Calculation 
Amount (CA) and the sum of (a) the Relevant Percentage and the 
Final Performance of the Final Performance Underlying(s) (FPU) 
and (b) the greater of the Put Call Sum Floor and the Final 
Performance of the FPU, expressed as a formula: 
CA × ((Relevant Percentage + Final Performance of FPU) + Max (Put Call SumFloor; Final Performance of the FPU)) 
II. 
an FPR but no Redemption Adjustment is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the product of the CA and the 
sum of (a) the sum of (i) the Relevant Percentage and the Final 
Performance of the FPU and (ii) the FPR and (b) the greater of the 
Put Call Sum Floor and the Final Performance of the FPU, 
expressed as a formula: 
CA × (((Relevant Percentage + Final Performance of FPU)× FPR) + Max (Put Call SumFloor; Final Performance of the FPU))  
III. 
an FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms but no FPR or Redemption Adjustment is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be the product of the CA and the sum of (a) the 
Relevant Percentage and the Final Performance of the FPU and (b) 
the greater of the Put Call Sum Floor and the Final Performance of 
the FPU, all multiplied by the FX Performance, expressed as a 
formula: 
CA × ((Relevant Percentage + Final Performance of FPU) + Max (Put Call SumFloor; Final Performance of the FPU)) x FX Perf 
IV. 
a Redemption Adjustment but no FPR is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not Applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be the product of the CA and the sum of (a) the 
Relevant Percentage and the Final Performance of the FPU and (b) 
the greater of the Put Call Sum Floor and the Final Performance of 
the FPU, plus or minus, as the case may be, the Redemption 
Adjustment (RedAdj), expressed as a formula: 
CA × ((Relevant Percentage + Final Performance of FPU) + Max (Put Call SumFloor; Final Performance of the FPU)) + RedAdj 
V. 
an FPR but no Redemption Adjustment is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be the product of the CA and the sum of (a) the sum 
of (i) the Relevant Percentage and the Final Performance of the 
FPU and (ii) the FPR and (b) the greater of the Put Call Sum Floor 
and the Final Performance of the FPU, all multiplied by the FX 
Perf, expressed as a formula:

--- Page 766 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
738 
 
CA × (((Relevant Percentage+Final Performance of FPU) × FPR) + Max (Put Call SumFloor; Final Performance of the FPU)) × FX Perf 
VI. 
an FPR and a Redemption Adjustment is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as Not Applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be the product of the CA and the sum of (a) the sum 
of (i) the Relevant Percentage and the Final Performance of the 
FPU and (ii) the FPR and (b) the greater of the Put Call Sum Floor 
and the Final Performance of the FPU, plus or minus, as the case 
may be, the Redemption Adjustment, expressed as a formula: 
CA × (((Relevant Percentage+Final Performance of FPU )× FPR) + Max (Put Call SumFloor; Final Performance of the FPU)) + RedAdj 
VII. 
an FX Performance is specified as Applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms and a Redemption Adjustment but no FPR is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the Specified Currency 
determined to be the product of the CA and the sum of (a) the 
Relevant Percentage and the Final Performance of the FPU and (b) 
the greater of the Put Call Sum Floor and the Final Performance of 
the FPU, all multiplied by the FX Performance and plus or minus, 
as the case may be, the Redemption Adjustment, expressed as a 
formula: 
CA x ((Relevant Percentage + Final Performance of FPU ) + Max (Put Call SumFloor; Final Performance of the FPU)) x FX Perf + RedAdj 
VIII. an FPR and a Redemption Adjustment are specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and FX Performance is specified as 
Applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the product of the CA and the 
sum of (a) the sum of (i) the Relevant Percentage and the Final 
Performance of the FPU and (ii) the FPR and (b) the greater of the 
Put Call Sum Floor and the Final Performance of the FPU, plus or 
minus, as the case may be, the Redemption Adjustment, expressed 
as a formula: 
CA x (((Relevant Percentage + Final Performance of FPU) x FPR) + Max (Put Call SumFloor;Final Performance of the FPU)) x FX Perf + RedAdj 
PROVIDED HOWEVER, in the case of each of (F)I to (F)VIII above, 
that: 
(a) 
if (x) a Maximum Redemption Amount is specified in respect 
thereof in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Redemption Amount 
is subject to such maximum amount (a cap); (y) a Minimum 
Redemption Amount is specified in respect thereof in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Redemption Amount is subject to 
such minimum amount (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Redemption 
Amount and a Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in 
respect thereof in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Redemption 
Amount is subject to such maximum amount and a minimum 
amount (a collar); 
(b) 
if a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Redemption Amount (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Redemption Amount is subject to 
such maximum amount (a cap); (y) a Minimum Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, then the Redemption Amount is subject to such 
minimum amount (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Redemption Amount 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) and a Minimum Redemption Amount 
(Barrier Event Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the Redemption Amount is subject to such maximum amount 
and minimum amount (a collar); and

--- Page 767 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
739 
 
(c) 
if a Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, if (x) a Maximum 
Redemption Amount (Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, then the Redemption is subject to such 
maximum amount (a cap); (y) a Minimum Redemption Amount 
(Barrier Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Redemption Amount is subject to such minimum 
amount (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Redemption Amount (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) and a Minimum Redemption Amount (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied) is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then 
the Redemption Amount is subject to such maximum amount and 
minimum amount (a collar), 
(G) 
where the relevant Performance-Linked Redemption Amount is expressed 
in the applicable Issue Terms to be Swaption, an amount in the Specified 
Currency determined to be the product of (a) the Calculation Amount and 
(b) 100% less the product of (i) Final Participation Rate, (ii) the greater of 
(A) the Annuity Floor and (B) the Final Reference Level (FRL) of the 
Final Performance Underlying multiplied by the Annuity Factor and (iii) 
the Annuity, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x {100% − [FPR x Max (Annuity Floor, {AF x Final Reference Level of FPU}) x Annuity] 
if a Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in respect thereof in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Redemption Amount is subject to such 
minimum amount (a floor). 
Where: 
Absolute Value or Abs means the positive percentage or decimal or numerical 
value of the percentage or decimal or number, as the case may be, without regard 
to its sign (thus for example the Absolute Value of -19 per cent. would be 19 per 
cent. and the Absolute Value of 19 per cent. would be 19 per cent.). 
Annuity means, in respect of the Final Valuation Date, an amount expressed as a 
percentage and determined in respect of each year i (where i = 1 … t and t means 
the number specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms) in accordance with 
the following formula: 
∑
1
(1 + Final Reference Level of FPU)𝑖
𝑡
𝑖=1
 
Annuity Factor or AF means the positive or negative amount specified as such 
in the applicable Issue Terms.  
Annuity Floor means the positive or negative percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms.  
Call Cap means the percentage (if any) specified as such in respect of the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount Provisions in the applicable Issue 
Terms.  
Call Floor means the percentage (if any) specified as such in respect of the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount Provisions in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
FX Performance means, in respect of a Final Valuation Date an amount 
expressed as a percentage and determined in accordance with the following 
formula: 
FX PerfFinal
FX PerfInitial

--- Page 768 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
740 
 
where, 
FX Perf Final means: 
(a) 
where an Underlying that is an FX Rate is designated to be the FX 
Perf Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, the Underlying Closing 
Level of such Underlying for the Specified Final Valuation Date 
relating to that Final Valuation Date (or, if more than one such date 
is specified, the last occurring Specified Final Valuation Date 
relating to that Final Valuation Date); or 
(b) 
where no Underlying that is an FX Rate is designated to be the FX 
Perf Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, the average of the mid FX 
Perf A Currency/FX Perf B Currency exchange rates quoted on the 
FX Perf Designated Page at the FX Perf Designated Time on the 
Final FX Perf Valuation Date (or such other page or service that 
may replace the FX Perf Designated Page for the purpose of 
displaying the mid FX Perf A Currency/FX Perf B Currency 
exchange rate or any other page or service as the Calculation Agent 
may select for this purpose which displays such exchange rate) at 
such time(s) on the Final FX Perf Valuation Date as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine PROVIDED THAT if such rate cannot be 
determined as specified in this sub-paragraph (b) it shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent at such time(s) and by 
reference to such source(s) as it deems appropriate,  
PROVIDED THAT: (x) if Reciprocal Rate is specified in respect of such 
FX Perf Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, FX Perf Final shall be 1 
divided by the rate calculated pursuant to as provided above in this sub-
paragraph (b) (rounded to four decimal places); and (y) if FX Perf Cross 
Rate is specified in respect of such FX Perf Rate in the applicable Issue 
Terms, FX Perf Final shall be the average of the mid FX Perf Cross Rate 
A Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate B Currency exchange rates quoted on the 
FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Page at the FX Perf Cross Rate I 
Designated Time on the Final FX Perf Valuation Date (or such other page 
or service that may replace the FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Page for 
the purpose of displaying the mid FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX Perf 
Cross Rate B Currency exchange rate or any other page or service as the 
Calculation Agent may select for this purpose which displays such 
exchange rate) at such time(s) on the Final FX Perf Valuation Date as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine (all rounded to four decimal places) 
divided by the FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate C 
Currency exchange rates quoted on the FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated 
Page at the FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated Time on the Final FX Perf 
Valuation Date (or such other page or service that may replace the FX Perf 
Cross Rate II Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the mid FX 
Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate C Currency exchange rate 
or any other page or service as the Calculation Agent may select for this 
purpose which displays such exchange rate) at such time(s) on the Final 
FX Perf Valuation Date as the Calculation Agent shall determine (all 
rounded to four decimal places) PROVIDED THAT if such rate cannot be 
determined as specified above it shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent at such time(s) and by reference to such source(s) as it deems 
appropriate. 
FX Perf Initial means either an amount specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms or, if no such amount is so specified: 
(a) 
where an Underlying that is an FX Rate is designated to be the FX 
Perf Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, the Underlying Closing 
Level of such Underlying for the Specified Redemption Strike Date

--- Page 769 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
741 
 
relating to that Final Valuation Date (or, if more than one such date 
is specified, the last occurring Specified Redemption Strike Date 
relating to that Final Valuation Date); or 
(b) 
where no Underlying that is an FX Rate is designated to be the FX 
Perf Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, the average of the mid FX 
Perf A Currency/FX Perf B Currency exchange rates quoted on the 
FX Perf Designated Page at the FX Perf Designated Time on the 
Initial FX Perf Valuation Date (or such other page or service that 
may replace the FX Perf Designated Page for the purpose of 
displaying the mid FX Perf A Currency/FX Perf B Currency 
exchange rate or any other page or service as the Calculation Agent 
may select for this purpose which displays such exchange rate) at 
such time(s) on the Initial FX Perf Valuation Date as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine PROVIDED THAT if such rate 
cannot be determined as specified in this sub-paragraph (b) it shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent at such time(s) and by 
reference to such source(s) as it deems appropriate,  
PROVIDED THAT: (x) if Reciprocal Rate is specified in respect of such 
FX Perf Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, FX Perf Final shall be 1 
divided by the rate calculated pursuant to as provided above in this sub-
paragraph (b) (rounded to four decimal places); and (y) if FX Perf Cross 
Rate is specified in respect of such FX Perf Rate in the applicable Issue 
Terms, FX Perf Final shall be the average of the mid FX Perf Cross Rate 
A Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate B Currency exchange rates quoted on the 
FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Page at the FX Perf Cross Rate I 
Designated Time on the Initial FX Perf Valuation Date (or such other page 
or service that may replace the FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Page for 
the purpose of displaying the mid FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX Perf 
Cross Rate B Currency exchange rate or any other page or service as the 
Calculation Agent may select for this purpose which displays such 
exchange rate) at such time(s) on the Final FX Perf Valuation Date as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine (all rounded to four decimal places) 
divided by the FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate C 
Currency exchange rates quoted on the FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated 
Page at the FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated Time on the Initial FX Perf 
Valuation Date (or such other page or service that may replace the FX Perf 
Cross Rate II Designated Page for the purpose of displaying the mid FX 
Perf Cross Rate A Currency/FX Perf Cross Rate C Currency exchange rate 
or any other page or service as the Calculation Agent may select for this 
purpose which displays such exchange rate) at such time(s) on the Initial 
FX Perf Valuation Date as the Calculation Agent shall determine (all 
rounded to four decimal places) PROVIDED THAT if such rate cannot be 
determined as specified above it shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent at such time(s) and by reference to such source(s) as it deems 
appropriate. 
Each of "FX Perf Rate", "FX Perf Designated Page", "FX Perf 
Designated Time", "FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency", "FX Perf Cross 
Rate B Currency", "FX Perf Cross Rate C Currency", "FX Perf Cross 
Rate I Designated Page", "FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Time", 
"FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated Page", "FX Perf Cross Rate II 
Designated Time", "Final FX Perf Valuation Date" and "Initial FX 
Perf Valuation Date" shall be as specified in respect of the Final 
Redemption Provisions in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Put Cap means the percentage (if any) specified as such in respect of the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount Provisions in the applicable 
Issue Terms.

--- Page 770 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
742 
 
Put Call Sum Floor means the percentage (if any) specified as such in 
respect of the Performance-Linked Redemption Amount Provisions in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Put Floor means the percentage (if any) specified as such in respect of the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount Provisions in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
Market Timer Redemption Initial Level means, in respect of a 
Redemption Underlying:  
(a) 
where the Market Timer Redemption Initial Level is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms to be "Lowest Closing Level on Market 
Timer Redemption Strike Dates", the lowest (or equal lowest) 
Underlying Closing Level of such Redemption Underlying on the 
Market Timer Redemption Strike Dates, as converted first in each 
case by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Market 
Timer Redemption Strike Date, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent;  
(b) 
where the Market Timer Redemption Initial Level is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms to be "Lowest Intra-day Level on 
Market Timer Redemption Strike Dates", the lowest (or equal 
lowest) Underlying Level of such Redemption Underlying on the 
Market Timer Redemption Strike Dates, as converted first in each 
case by reference to the relevant FX (if any) for each such Market 
Timer Redemption Strike Date, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent; or  
(c) 
a level specified as such for the Redemption Underlying in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Market Timer Percentage means an amount in respect of a Redemption 
Underlying, determined by the Calculation Agent and expressed as a 
percentage, calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Redemption Initial Level − Market Timer Redemption Initial Level
Redemption Initial Level
 
PROVIDED THAT, if (x) a Maximum Market Timer Percentage is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Market Timer Percentage 
is subject to such maximum percentage (a cap); (y) a Minimum Market 
Timer Percentage is specified in respect thereof in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Market Timer Percentage is subject to such minimum 
percentage (a floor); or (z) a Maximum Market Timer Percentage and a 
Minimum Market Timer Percentage is specified in respect thereof in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then the Market Timer Percentage is subject to 
such maximum percentage and a minimum percentage (a collar). 
Maximum Redemption Amount means the amount (if any) in the 
Specified Currency specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.  
Minimum Redemption Amount means the amount (if any) in the 
Specified Currency specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.  
Final Participation Rate or FPR means the percentage rate (if any) 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Final Participation Rate Call or FPR Call means the percentage rate (if 
any) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 771 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
743 
 
Final Participation Rate Put or FPR Put means the percentage rate (if 
any) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Min means the lesser of the two terms separated by a comma or, where 
such terms are the same amount, that amount, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
Max means the greater (or equal greatest) of the two terms separated by a 
comma or, where such terms are the same amount, that amount, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
FinalPerf means the Final Performance of the Final Performance 
Underlying. 
1.2 
Interest Amount due in respect of the Securities if no Interest Barrier Event is specified to 
apply 
If the Securities are Fixed Rate Securities, Floating Rate Securities, Inflation Rate Securities or 
Interim Performance Interest Securities and (except in relation to Fixed Rate Securities which 
are Range Accrual Securities), in respect of any Interest Payment Date, no Interest Barrier Event 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then the Issuer will pay the relevant Interest Amount 
on such Interest Payment Date. 
1.3 
Interest Amount due in respect of the Securities if Interest Barrier Event is specified to 
apply 
If the Securities are Fixed Rate Securities, Floating Rate Securities, Inflation Rate Securities or 
Interim Performance Interest Securities and an Interest Barrier Event is specified to apply in the 
applicable Issue Terms and, in respect of an Interest Payment Date: 
(a) 
an Interest Barrier Event has not occurred, either (i) no amount or (ii) the Interest Amount 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms and/or this Valuation and Settlement Schedule in 
respect of interest will be paid on such Interest Payment Date; or 
(b) 
if an Interest Barrier Event has occurred, the relevant Interest Amount, as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms and/or this Valuation and Settlement Schedule, will be paid 
on such Interest Payment Date.  
1.4 
Non-Contingent Interest Amount in relation to the Securities 
If the Non-Contingent Interest Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the Issuer will pay each Non-Contingent Interest Amount in respect of each Security 
on each Non-Contingent Interest Amount Payment Date. If Non-Contingent Interest Provisions 
are not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, then no Non-Contingent Interest 
Amount shall be due in respect of the Securities. 
1.5 
Other Interest Amounts 
If the Underlying Linked Interest Provisions of this Valuation and Settlement Condition 1.5 are 
specified as applicable in the applicable Pricing Supplement, then the Issuer will pay the Interest 
Amount in respect of each Security on each Interest Payment Date. 
1.6 
Mandatory Early Redemption Amount due on a Mandatory Early Redemption Date if a 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event has occurred  
Where Mandatory Early Redemption Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms and if, in respect of a Mandatory Early Redemption Date, a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, the Issuer shall: 
(a) 
where no Mandatory Early Redemption Upper Barrier Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, pay the amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the

--- Page 772 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
744 
 
"Mandatory Early Redemption Amount due where MER Upper Barrier Percentage is 
Not Applicable" in respect of each Security; or 
(b) 
where a Mandatory Early Redemption Upper Barrier Percentage is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and: 
(i) 
a MER Upper Barrier Event has occurred, pay the amount specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms as the "Upper Mandatory Early Redemption Amount" in 
respect of each Security; or  
(ii) 
a MER Upper Barrier Event has not occurred, pay the amount specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms as the "Lower Mandatory Early Redemption Amount" in 
respect of each Security. 
1.7 
Redemption Amount or Entitlement deliverable on the Maturity Date 
(a) 
Where the Securities are not specified to be Preference Share Linked Securities in the 
applicable Issue Terms: 
Where Redemption Barrier Event is: 
(i) 
not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer shall pay the 
amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the Redemption Amount 
(which, if so specified, shall be determined in accordance with the Underlying 
Linked Securities Redemption Provisions set out therein) in respect of each 
Security on the Maturity Date; or 
(ii) 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and: 
(A) 
a Redemption Barrier Event has not occurred, the Issuer shall: 
I. 
where no Redemption Upper Barrier Event is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, pay the amount specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms as the "Redemption Amount due where no 
Redemption Barrier Event has occurred and no Redemption Upper 
Barrier Event is specified" in respect of each Security; or 
II. 
where a Redemption Upper Barrier Event is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and: 
(a) 
a Redemption Upper Barrier Event has occurred, pay the 
amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the 
"Upper Redemption Amount due where no Redemption 
Barrier Event has occurred" in respect of each Security; or  
(b) 
a Redemption Upper Barrier Event has not occurred, pay the 
amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the 
"Lower Redemption Amount due where no Redemption 
Barrier Event has occurred" in respect of each Security; 
(B) 
a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred, the Issuer shall either: 
I. 
where the Securities are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to 
be Physical Delivery Securities if a Redemption Barrier Event has 
occurred, deliver the Entitlement in respect of each Security; OR 
II. 
where the Securities are specified in the applicable Issue Terms to 
be Cash Settled Securities, pay the Redemption Amount due where 
a Redemption Barrier Event has occurred in respect of each 
Security.

--- Page 773 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
745 
 
(b) 
Where the Securities are specified to be Preference Share Linked Securities in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Redemption Amount in respect of each Security will be the 
Preference Share-Linked Redemption Amount determined in accordance with the 
provisions below. 
For the purposes thereof: 
(i) 
Definitions relating to Dates 
Autocall Observation Date means each date (if any) designated as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Preference Share Valuation Date means either (i) the date specified as such in 
the applicable Issue Terms or (ii) if the terms and conditions of the Preference 
Share provide that the Preference Share are to be redeemed early following the 
occurrence of an "autocall event" on an Autocall Observation Date, the Autocall 
Observation Date on which such autocall event occurs, PROVIDED THAT, if 
any date used for the valuation or any determination of any Preference Share 
Underlying (or any part thereof) falling on or about any such date is delayed or to 
be delayed in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Preference Share 
by reason of a non-scheduled trading day, a disrupted day or the occurrence of an 
adjustment event (howsoever described in the terms and conditions of the 
Preference Shares), the Preference Share Valuation Date shall be the last delayed 
date on which any such valuation or determination is made, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent.  
Preference Share Underlying means, in respect of the Preference Share, the 
underlying asset(s) or reference basis(es) to which the redemption amount of the 
Preference Share is linked. 
Specified Final Valuation Date means the number of Business Days following 
the Preference Share Valuation Date specified in the applicable Issue Terms. Such 
date shall be deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date and shall be adjusted as 
provided in these Valuation and Settlement Conditions and/or the applicable Issue 
Terms and such date, as so adjusted shall be the "Final Valuation Date". 
Specified Redemption Strike Date means the Issue Date. Such date shall be 
deemed to be a Specified Valuation Date and shall be adjusted as provided in 
these Valuation and Settlement Conditions and/or the applicable Issue Terms and 
such date, as so adjusted shall be the "Redemption Strike Date". 
(ii) 
Definitions relating to the Redemption Underlying, the performance of the 
Redemption Underlying and levels of the Redemption Underlying 
Final Performance means, in respect of the Redemption Underlying, an amount 
expressed as a percentage and determined by reference to the following formula: 
Final Reference Level
Redemption Initial Level 
Final Reference Level means, in respect of the Redemption Underlying, the 
Underlying Closing Level of the Redemption Underlying on the Final Valuation 
Date. 
Redemption Initial Level means, in respect of the Redemption Underlying, the 
Underlying Closing Level of the Redemption Underlying on the Redemption 
Strike Date. 
Redemption Underlying means the Underlying (as defined in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(n) (Underlying Valuation Provisions - Definitions) 
below) specified as the Redemption Underlying in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 774 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
746 
 
(iii) 
Definitions relating to the determination of the Redemption Amount due 
Preference Share-Linked Redemption Amount means an amount in the 
Specified Currency determined to be the product of the Calculation Amount and 
the Final Performance of the Redemption Underlying, expressed as a formula: 
Calculation Amount x Final Performance of Redemption Underlying. 
(c) 
In the case of Exempt Securities only, where "Other Redemption Amount/Entitlement" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Pricing Supplement, Valuation and Settlement 
Conditions 1.7(a) and 1.7(b) shall not apply and the Redemption Amount and/or Entitlement 
payable or deliverable in respect of the Securities shall be as set out in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement.  
For the purposes of this Valuation and Settlement Condition 1.7(c) where the Securities are 
Physical Delivery Securities: 
Entitlement means the quantity of the Relevant Asset or the Relevant Assets, as the case may 
be, which a Securityholder is entitled to receive on the Maturity Date in respect of each Security 
following payment of any Expenses as provided in the applicable Pricing Supplement and 
rounded to the number of decimal places specified as the Entitlement Calculation Rounding 
Convention in the applicable Pricing Supplement (with halves being rounded up), including any 
documents evidencing such Entitlement. 
Relevant Asset means the asset(s) specified as such in the applicable Pricing Supplement 
2. 
Underlying Valuation Provisions 
(a) 
The provisions applicable to valuing each Underlying, to making any adjustment to Valuation 
Dates or to making any other adjustment following Adjustment Events or to determining any 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event or Early Redemption Event are specified in this 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2 and in the Underlying Schedule applicable to such 
Underlying, as completed by the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, as completed, 
modified and/or supplemented by the applicable Pricing Supplement.  
(b) 
Underlying Closing Level or Underlying Level on a Valuation Date 
The Underlying Closing Level or the Underlying Level (as applicable) of an Underlying on a 
Valuation Date shall be determined as specified in the Underlying Schedule applicable to such 
Underlying. 
(c) 
Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading Days) 
Subject as provided in the Underlying Schedules applicable to the relevant Underlying(s), any 
Specified Valuation Date(s) specified in the applicable Issue Terms shall be adjusted in 
accordance with the following provisions: 
(i) 
The following sub-paragraph shall apply to Securities linked to one Underlying. 
If a Specified Valuation Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for the Underlying, then 
the Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding day immediately following such 
Specified Valuation Date which is a Scheduled Trading Day for the Underlying, unless 
in the opinion of the Calculation Agent such day is a Disrupted Day for the Underlying, 
in which case Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) below or Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 2(f) (Adjustment to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Levels)) 
below (as applicable) or, as the case may be, the provisions relating to adjustment to 
Valuation Dates for Disrupted Days set out in the Underlying Schedules applicable to 
the relevant Underlying(s), shall apply. 
(ii) 
The following sub-paragraph shall apply to Securities linked to more than one 
Underlying if "Move In Block" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 775 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
747 
 
If a Specified Valuation Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for any Underlying, then 
the Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding day immediately following such 
Specified Valuation Date which is a Scheduled Trading Day for all of the Underlyings, 
unless in the opinion of the Calculation Agent such day is a Disrupted Day for any of the 
Underlyings, in which case Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d) (Adjustments to 
Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) below or Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 2(f) (Adjustment to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and 
Underlying Levels)) below (as applicable) or, as the case may be, the provisions relating 
to adjustment to Valuation Dates for Disrupted Days set out in the Underlying Schedules 
applicable to the relevant Underlying(s), shall apply. 
(iii) 
The following sub-paragraph shall apply to Securities linked to more than one 
Underlying if "Value What You Can" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If a Specified Valuation Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for any Underlying, then: 
(A) 
the Valuation Date for each Underlying for which such Specified Valuation Date 
is a Scheduled Trading Day shall be such Specified Valuation Date, unless in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent such day is a Disrupted Day for such 
Underlying, in which case Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d) (Adjustments 
to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) below or 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(f) (Adjustment to Valuation Dates 
(Disrupted Days and Underlying Levels)) (as applicable) or, as the case may be, 
the provisions relating to adjustment to Valuation Dates for Disrupted Days set 
out in the Underlying Schedules applicable to the relevant Underlying(s), shall 
apply; and 
(B) 
the Valuation Date for each Underlying for which such Specified Valuation Date 
is not a Scheduled Trading Day shall be the first succeeding day immediately 
following such Specified Valuation Date which is a Scheduled Trading Day for 
such affected Underlying, unless in the opinion of the Calculation Agent such day 
is a Disrupted Day for such Underlying, in which case Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 2(d) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying 
Closing Levels)) below or Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(f) (Adjustment 
to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Levels)) below (as 
applicable) or, as the case may be, the provisions relating to adjustment to 
Valuation Dates for Disrupted Days set out in the Underlying Schedules 
applicable to the relevant Underlying(s), shall apply. 
(d) 
Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Closing Levels) 
Subject as provided in the Underlying Schedules applicable to the relevant Underlying(s), any 
Specified Valuation Date(s) (if applicable, as adjusted in accordance with the provisions of 
Condition 2(c) above and/or, as the case may be, the provisions of the Underlying Schedules 
applicable to the relevant Underlying(s)) shall be adjusted in accordance with the following 
provisions: 
(i) 
The following sub-paragraph shall apply to Securities linked to one Underlying, subject 
as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d)(iv) below. 
If such Specified Valuation Date for such Underlying is a Disrupted Day for such 
Underlying, then the Valuation Date shall be the earlier of: (I) the first succeeding day 
immediately following such Specified Valuation Date which is a Scheduled Trading Day 
and which is not a Disrupted Day for the Underlying; and (II) the Scheduled Trading 
Day which is the Valuation Roll number of Scheduled Trading Days immediately 
following such Specified Valuation Date. 
(ii) 
The following sub-paragraph shall apply to Securities linked to more than one 
Underlying if "Move In Block" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, subject as 
provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d)(iv) below.

--- Page 776 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
748 
 
If such Specified Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day for any Underlying, then such 
Valuation Date shall be the earlier of: (I) the first succeeding day immediately following 
such Specified Valuation Date which is a Scheduled Trading Day for all the Underlyings 
and which is not a Disrupted Day for all of the Underlyings; and (II) the Scheduled 
Trading Day for all the Underlyings which is the Valuation Roll number of Scheduled 
Trading Days for all the Underlyings immediately following such Specified Valuation 
Date. 
(iii) 
The following sub-paragraph shall apply to Securities linked to more than one 
Underlying if "Value What You Can" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, subject 
as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d)(iv) below. 
If such Specified Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day for any Underlying, then: 
(A) 
if such Specified Valuation Date is not a Disrupted Day for an Underlying, then 
the Valuation Date for such Underlying shall be such Specified Valuation Date; 
and 
(B) 
if such Specified Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day for an Underlying, then the 
Valuation Date for such Underlying shall be the earlier of: (1) the first succeeding 
day immediately following such Specified Valuation Date which is a Scheduled 
Trading Day for such Underlying and which is not a Disrupted Day for such 
Underlying; and (2) the Scheduled Trading Day which is the Valuation Roll 
number of Scheduled Trading Days for such Underlying immediately following 
such Specified Valuation Date. 
(iv) 
If the Valuation Date for any Underlying determined as provided above would otherwise 
fall on a day falling after the second Scheduled Trading Day (the Cut-off Valuation 
Date) for such Underlying prior to the date on which a relevant payment or delivery, as 
applicable, is scheduled to be made under the Securities, such Valuation Date shall be 
deemed to be the Cut-off Valuation Date (notwithstanding that such date is a Disrupted 
Day for such Underlying) and the provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 
2(e)(ii) below shall apply in respect thereof. 
(e) 
Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Calculation Agent's determination of Underlying Closing 
Levels) 
(i) 
If the Valuation Date for any Underlying (as determined in accordance with Condition 
2(d) above) is a Disrupted Day for such Underlying, then (unless otherwise specified in 
the Underlying Schedule applicable to such Underlying) the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the Underlying Closing Level of such Underlying on such Valuation Date 
using its good faith estimate of the Underlying Closing Level of such Underlying at the 
Valuation Time (where relevant) on or for such day. 
(ii) 
If the Valuation Date for any Underlying (as determined in accordance with Condition 
2(d)(iv) above) is determined to occur on the Cut-off Valuation Date for such 
Underlying, then (unless otherwise specified in the Underlying Schedule applicable to 
such Underlying) the Calculation Agent shall determine the Underlying Closing Level 
of such Underlying on such Cut-off Valuation Date using its good faith estimate of the 
Underlying Closing Level of such Underlying at the Valuation Time (where relevant) on 
or for such day. 
(f) 
Adjustment to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying Levels) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Underlying Level of an Underlying cannot be 
determined at any time on any Valuation Date by reason of the occurrence of an event giving 
rise to a Disrupted Day, then the Underlying Level at such time on such day shall be disregarded 
for the purposes of determining any amounts payable and/or deliverable in respect of the 
Securities. 
(g) 
Adjustment Events

--- Page 777 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
749 
 
If in the determination of the Calculation Agent any Adjustment Event occurs, then (subject to 
the provisions of the Underlying Schedule applicable to such Underlying) the Calculation Agent 
shall (i) make such adjustment to the terms of the Securities as the Calculation Agent determines 
necessary or appropriate to account for the effect of such Adjustment Event subject to the 
provisions (if any) of such Underlying Schedule and (ii) determine the effective date of each 
such adjustment. 
Any adjustment pursuant to the above may include a "monetisation" of the Securities. Where 
the Securities are monetised, (i) the Calculation Agent will determine the value in the Specified 
Currency (the Monetised Amount) of the bond component and the embedded derivative(s) 
comprising the Securities on a date selected by the Calculation Agent (the Monetisation 
Valuation Date), (ii) any future amounts in respect of interest (if any) and the Final Redemption 
Amount will no longer be payable and (iii) the Securities will instead pay on the Maturity Date 
an amount equal to (a) the Monetised Amount plus (b) interest accrued on such amount at the 
overnight rate relating to the Specified Currency (being, in the case of Dual Currency Securities, 
the Denomination Currency) selected by the Calculation Agent which shall accrue during the 
period from (and including) the Monetisation Valuation Date to (but excluding) the Maturity 
Date. 
If an "Increased Cost of Hedging" is specified to apply in the applicable Issue Terms and occurs, 
the Calculation Agent may make such adjustment to the terms of the Securities as it determines 
necessary or appropriate to pass on to Securityholders the relevant increased cost of hedging, 
which adjustment may include, but is not limited to, reducing any of the amounts which would 
otherwise be payable under the Securities or reducing the number of any Relevant Assets which 
would otherwise be deliverable under the Securities. For the avoidance of doubt, Increased Cost 
of Hedging does not apply to Italian Listed Certificates. 
If so specified in the relevant Underlying Schedule, any adjustment(s) made by the Calculation 
Agent in response to an Adjustment Event may include a substitution of the relevant Underlying 
or other asset as specified in the Underlying Schedule applicable to the relevant Underlying and 
the Calculation Agent may make such other adjustments to the terms of the Securities as it 
deems necessary or appropriate in relation to such substitution. 
(h) 
Early Redemption Events 
If, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, any Early Redemption Event occurs in respect 
of an Underlying or the Securities (as relevant), then (subject to the provisions of the Underlying 
Schedule applicable to such Underlying) all (but not some only) of the Securities will or, in the 
case of a Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event, may be redeemed on a day selected by 
the Issuer, each Security being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the Early 
Redemption Amount. 
(i) 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Events and Mandatory Early Redemption Events 
If "Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms and a Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event (as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms) occurs, then all (but not some only) of the Securities will be redeemed, each Security 
being redeemed by payment of an amount determined in accordance with Condition 1 above 
and the applicable Issue Terms on the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Date. 
In the case of Exempt Securities only, if "Mandatory Early Redemption Event" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Pricing Supplement and a Mandatory Early Redemption Event (as 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement) occurs, then all (but not some only) of the 
Securities will be redeemed, each Security being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to 
the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement on the relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Date. Any Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount(s) and Mandatory Early Redemption Date(s) shall be as specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
(j) 
Realisation Disruption

--- Page 778 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
750 
 
If "Realisation Disruption" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and a 
Realisation Disruption Event occurs, then the Issuer may either (i) direct the Calculation Agent 
to make such consequential adjustments to any of the terms of the Securities (including any 
payment or delivery obligations) as it determines appropriate in order to reflect the economic 
effect of the particular Realisation Disruption Event or (ii) redeem all (but not some only) of the 
Securities on a day selected by the Issuer, each Security being redeemed by payment of an 
amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount.  
Any such adjustments by the Calculation Agent may include (but are not limited to) (I) payments 
under the Securities being made in the currency (the Local Currency) in which the Hedging 
Positions are denominated or payable rather than the Specified Currency, (II) except in the case 
of Italian Listed Certificates, deduction of an amount equal to the applicable tax, charge or 
deduction from the relevant payment otherwise due under the relevant Securities or delivery of 
any Entitlement being subject to payment by the relevant Securityholder of an amount equal to 
a pro rata portion of any such tax, charge or deduction, (III) non-payment of the relevant 
payment or non-delivery of the relevant Entitlement otherwise due under the relevant Securities 
until the relevant restrictions (including but not limited to all exchange and/or conversion and/or 
cross-border transfer restrictions) are lifted and/or (IV) determination of any relevant exchange 
rate by the Calculation Agent taking into consideration all available information that it deems 
relevant and/or (V) (where legally permissible) in lieu of paying any cash amounts in respect of 
the Securities, procuring physical delivery of any Underlying(s), delivered in such manner as 
shall be notified to the Securityholders by the Issuer (or vice versa) PROVIDED THAT such 
Underlying(s) may be subject to transfer restrictions and additional certifications may be 
required from the Securityholders. Any such adjustments will be effective as of the date 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(k) 
Occurrence of an Underlying RMB Currency Event 
If "Underlying RMB Currency Event" is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and 
an Underlying RMB Currency Event occurs, then the Calculation Agent may direct the Issuer 
to: 
(i) 
postpone the Issuer's obligation to make a payment in RMB under the terms of the 
Securities to the 10th Business Day following the date on which the Underlying RMB 
Currency Event, as determined by the Issuer, ceases to exist (such date of payment by 
the Issuer, the RMB Currency Settlement Cut-Off Date); or 
 
(ii) 
pay any amount that is due to be paid in RMB under the terms of the Securities in the 
RMB Relevant Currency instead converted using the RMB Spot Rate for the relevant 
RMB Determination Date. 
Alternatively, the Issuer may redeem all (but not some only) of the Securities on a day selected 
by the Issuer, each Security being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to its Early 
Redemption Amount and the Issuer shall notify the Securityholders thereof as soon as 
reasonably practicable in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
(l) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
In the event that any level, price, rate or value (as applicable) of an Underlying for any time on 
any day which is published or announced by or on behalf of the person or entity responsible for 
such publication or announcement and which is used for any calculation or determination made 
in respect of the Securities is subsequently corrected, and the correction (the Corrected Level) 
is published by or on behalf of such person or entity within the relevant Correction Period after 
the original publication (and at least two Business Days prior to the relevant date on which a 
payment or delivery is scheduled to be made under the Securities) (the Relevant Scheduled 
Payment Date), then such Corrected Level shall be deemed to be the level, price, rate or value 
for the relevant Underlying for the relevant time on the relevant day and the Calculation Agent 
shall use such Corrected Level in determining any amounts payable and/or deliverable in respect 
of the Securities.

--- Page 779 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
751 
 
Corrections published after the day which is two Business Days prior to the Relevant Scheduled 
Payment Date shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining 
any such amounts payable and/or deliverable under the Securities. 
(m) 
Notifications 
The Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer and each Paying Agent of any determination made 
by it in accordance with this Condition and the action that it proposes to take in respect of any 
such determination. The Issuer shall notify the Securityholders thereof as soon as reasonably 
practicable thereafter in accordance with General Condition 15. Failure by the Calculation 
Agent to notify the Issuer or any Paying Agent or failure by the Issuer to notify the 
Securityholders of any such determination will not affect the validity of any such determination. 
(n) 
Definitions 
Additional Adjustment Event means, in each case if specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, in respect of an Underlying, each event (if any) specified as such in the Underlying 
Schedule applicable to such Underlying. 
Additional Early Redemption Event means, in each case if specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, in respect of an Underlying or the Securities (as the case may be), each 
event (if any) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms and in the Underlying Schedule 
applicable to such Underlying or, the occurrence at any time of a Section 871(m) Event or if 
Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, a Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event. 
Adjustment Event means, in each case if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
in respect of an Underlying, the occurrence at any time of a Change in Law, a Hedging 
Disruption, an Increased Cost of Hedging or the occurrence at any time of any Additional 
Adjustment Event applicable to such Underlying PROVIDED THAT, where the Securities are 
Italian Listed Certificates, the occurrence of a Hedging Disruption or an Increased Cost of 
Hedging shall not constitute an Adjustment Event and the Conditions shall be construed 
accordingly. 
Change in Law means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, that (a) due to 
the adoption of or any change in any applicable law, rule, order, directive or regulation 
(including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the promulgation of or any change in 
the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of 
any applicable law or regulation, (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the 
Calculation Agent determines that: 
(i) 
if, in relation to Change in Law, "Illegality" is specified to apply in the applicable Issue 
Terms, holding, acquiring or disposing of any Hedging Position becomes or will become 
unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part, and such unlawfulness, 
illegality or prohibition cannot be cured or avoided by the Issuer (or its agents) taking all 
commercially reasonable measures available to it (including that any such measures will 
not result in the Issuer (or its agents) incurring a material loss); or  
(ii) 
if, in relation to Change in Law, "Material Increased Cost" is specified to apply in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer will incur a materially increased cost in performing its 
obligations in relation to the Securities (including without limitation due to any increase 
in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on the tax position of any 
relevant Hedging Party) which cannot be avoided by the Issuer (or its agents) taking 
reasonable measures available to it (as determined by the Issuer) and for which it (or its 
agents) will not suffer a material loss.  
Correction Period shall, in respect of an Underlying, have the meaning given to it in the 
Underlying Schedule applicable to such Underlying. 
Early Redemption Event means, in respect of an Underlying or the Securities (as the case may 
be), (i) if, Early Redemption Option is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms in 
relation to the relevant Adjustment Event, following the occurrence of an Adjustment Event in

--- Page 780 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
752 
 
respect of such Underlying, the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment or substitution 
can reasonably be made under this Condition to account for the effect of such Adjustment Event, 
or (ii) if specified to apply in the applicable Issue Terms, the occurrence at any time of any 
Additional Early Redemption Event applicable to such Underlying or the Securities (as the case 
may be). 
Electronic Page means, in respect of an Underlying and (if applicable) any component of such 
Underlying (however described in the relevant Underlying Schedule), the electronic page or 
source specified for such Underlying or such component, as the case may be, in the applicable 
Issue Terms, or either (i) any successor electronic page or source or information vendor or 
provider that has been designated by the sponsor of the original electronic page or source; or (ii) 
if such sponsor has not officially designated a successor electronic page or source or information 
vendor or provider, the successor electronic page or source or information vendor or provider 
designated by the relevant information vendor or provider (if different from such sponsor) or 
any alternative electronic page or source designated by the Calculation Agent PROVIDED 
THAT if, in the case of (i) and (ii), the Calculation Agent determines that it is not necessary or 
appropriate for the Electronic Page to be any such successor electronic page or source or 
information vendor or provider, then the Electronic Page may be either the originally designated 
electronic page or source or such other electronic page or source as selected by the Calculation 
Agent. Where more than one Electronic Page is specified in respect of an Underlying and/or (if 
applicable) any component of such Underlying (however described in the relevant Underlying 
Schedule), then the provisions of the preceding sentence shall be construed accordingly and (i) 
if there is any discrepancy between any relevant price or level displayed on the relevant 
Electronic Pages for any Valuation Date, the relevant price or level selected by the Calculation 
Agent shall be used for such Valuation Date; and (ii) if any relevant price or level is not 
published on all of such Electronic Pages but is published on one or more of such Electronic 
Pages, the Calculation Agent shall use such published price or level for the purpose of 
determining any calculation or determination in respect of the Securities and no Disrupted Day 
shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of the failure to publish on the other Electronic 
Page(s). 
Hedging Disruption means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, that any 
Hedging Party is unable or would be unable, after using commercially reasonable efforts to (i) 
acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or 
asset(s) that the Calculation Agent deems necessary to hedge or be able to hedge the price risk 
of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations under the Securities; or (ii) realise, recover 
or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event means, if specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, any action, or any announcement of the intention to take any such 
action, including adoption of any law, regulation or order or the amendment, elimination, 
reinterpretation or promulgation of an interpretation, by any regulatory, self-regulatory, 
legislative or judicial authority with competent jurisdiction (including, without limitation, as 
implemented by the United States Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) or any 
exchange or trading facility acting pursuant to CFTC authority) that (i) affects the definition of 
"bona fide hedging" as that term is used in CFTC regulations adopted under Section 4a(a) of the 
United States Commodity Exchange Act, as amended (the Commodity Exchange Act) (as at 
the Trade Date 17 CFR 150.3) or that withdraws or limits as a matter of practice or policy any 
"hedge exemptions" previously granted by the CFTC or any such exchange or trading facility 
acting under authority granted pursuant to the Commodity Exchange Act, or affects or otherwise 
amends such other applicable laws of any jurisdiction which has an analogous effect to any of 
the events specified in this sub-paragraph (i) or (ii) increases the cost of the performance of the 
Issuer's obligations in respect of the Securities or the cost of acquiring, establishing, re-
establishing, substituting, maintaining, unwinding or disposing of any transaction(s) or asset(s) 
that the Calculation Agent deems necessary to hedge the price risk of the Issuer issuing and 
performing its obligations under the Securities, whether individually or on a portfolio basis, in 
each case occurring after the Trade Date and as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
Hedging Party means any party which enters into any arrangement which hedges or is intended 
to hedge, individually or on a portfolio (or "book") basis, the Securities, which party may be the

--- Page 781 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
753 
 
Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates and/or any other party or parties, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
Hedging Position means any one or more of (i) positions or contracts (as applicable) in 
securities, futures contracts, options contracts, other derivative contracts or foreign exchange; 
(ii) stock loan transactions; or (iii) other instruments or arrangements (however described) 
entered into by a Hedging Party in order to hedge, individually or on a portfolio (or "book") 
basis, the Securities.  
Increased Cost of Hedging means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, that 
any Hedging Party would incur a materially increased (as compared with circumstances existing 
on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to 
(i) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) 
or asset(s) that the Calculation Agent deems necessary to hedge the price risk of the Issuer 
issuing and performing its obligations under the Securities; or (ii) realise, recover or remit the 
proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). Any such materially increased amount that is 
incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of any Hedging Party shall not 
be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
PRC means the People's Republic of China excluding the Hong Kong Special Administrative 
Region of the People's Republic of China (Hong Kong), the Macau Special Administrative 
Region of the People's Republic of China and Taiwan. 
 
Realisation Disruption Event means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms,  
the Calculation Agent determines that: 
(i) 
either any restrictions or any taxes, charges or other deductions have been imposed by 
any applicable governmental, taxation, judicial or regulatory body on any dealing by any 
Hedging Party in any Hedging Positions held by any Hedging Party such that:  
(A) 
any Hedging Party is or would be materially restricted from continuing to 
purchase, sell or otherwise deal in any Hedging Positions (or to enter into, 
continue or otherwise complete such transactions) and/or is or would be 
materially restricted from exercising its rights, or performing its obligations in 
respect of any Hedging Positions;  
(B) 
the Issuer is materially restricted from performing its obligations under the 
Securities and/or any Hedging Party is materially restricted from performing its 
obligations under any Hedging Positions; or  
(C) 
the Issuer will (or is likely to) incur a materially increased cost in performing its 
obligations under the Securities and/or any Hedging Party will (or is likely to) 
incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations under any Hedging 
Positions; or 
(ii) 
an event has occurred or circumstances exist (including without limitation either any 
restrictions or any charges or deductions imposed by any applicable governmental, 
judicial or regulatory body):  
(A) 
that materially restricts the ability of any Hedging Party to (i) exchange or convert 
the Local Currency for any Specified Currency or any Specified Currency for the 
Local Currency through the customary legal channels and/or (ii) deliver any 
Specified Currency or the Local Currency and/or (iii) transfer the proceeds of the 
Hedging Positions (or any transaction relating to a Hedging Position) (A) 
between, accounts in the jurisdiction of the Local Currency (the Local 
Jurisdiction) and any accounts in the jurisdiction of any Specified Currency or 
(B) to or from a party that is a non-resident of the Local Jurisdiction and/or to a 
party that is a resident of the jurisdiction of any Specified Currency; and/or 
(B) 
such that any Hedging Party is or would be materially restricted from transferring 
amounts payable under any Hedging Position or in respect of the Securities

--- Page 782 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
754 
 
between (i) the Local Jurisdiction and the jurisdiction of a Hedging Party and/or 
(ii) the jurisdiction of any Specified Currency and the jurisdiction of a Hedging 
Party; and/or 
(C) 
such that the Calculation Agent's ability to determine a rate at which the Local 
Currency can be exchanged for any Specified Currency (or vice versa), for any 
reason becomes restricted, or such determination is otherwise impracticable or 
such rate is subject to material charges or deductions. 
The above provisions refer to "materially restricted", "materially increased" and "material" and 
any determination in respect of "materially" or "material" in respect of any such provision shall 
be made by the Calculation Agent which shall have regard to such circumstances as it deems 
appropriate. 
Relevant Authority means: 
(a) 
any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, ministry or 
department thereof); 
(b) 
any court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority, inter-governmental 
or supranational body; 
(c) 
any authority or any other entity (private or public) either designated as a resolution 
authority or charged with the regulation or supervision of the jurisdiction where the RMB 
Settlement Currency is the lawful currency; or 
(d) 
any other authority which is analogous to the entities specified in sub-paragraph (a), (b) 
or (c) of this definition. 
Renminbi or RMB means the currency of the PRC. 
RMB Currency Settlement Cut-Off Date has the meaning given to that term in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(k) (Occurrence of an Underlying RMB Currency Event). 
RMB Determination Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) and settle payments in the relevant 
RMB Settlement Centre(s), London and the principal financial centre of the country of the RMB 
Relevant Currency. 
RMB Determination Date means the day which is two RMB Determination Business Days 
before the date of the relevant payment under the Securities. 
RMB Relevant Currency means U.S. dollars or such other currency as may be specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
RMB Relevant Currency Valuation Time means the time specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
RMB Relevant Spot Rate Screen Page means the screen page specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms (or any successor screen page or information provider thereto as 
determined by the Calculation Agent). 
RMB Settlement Centre means the financial centre(s) specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. If no RMB Settlement Centre is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the RMB Settlement Centre shall be deemed to be Hong 
Kong. 
RMB Spot Rate means the spot CNY/Relevant Currency exchange rate for the purchase of the 
RMB Relevant Currency with Renminbi in the over-the-counter Renminbi exchange market in 
the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) for settlement in two RMB Determination Business 
Days, as determined by the Calculation Agent at or around the RMB Relevant Currency

--- Page 783 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
755 
 
Valuation Time on the RMB Determination Date by reference to the RMB Relevant Spot Rate 
Screen Page. If such rate is not available, the Calculation Agent shall determine the rate taking 
into consideration all available information which the Calculation Agent deems relevant, 
including pricing information obtained from the Renminbi non-deliverable exchange market in 
the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) or elsewhere and the CNY/Relevant Currency exchange 
rate in the PRC domestic foreign exchange market. All notifications, opinions, determinations, 
certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the 
purposes of this definition by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of wilful default, bad 
faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor 
the Paying Agents and all Securityholders. 
Section 871(m) Event means, if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, that the 
Issuer and/or, where the Issuer is CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor and/or, where the Issuer is 
CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor and/or, in each case, any Hedging Party is (or, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, there is a reasonable likelihood that, within the next 30 
Business Days, the Issuer and/or, where the Issuer is CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor and/or, 
where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor and/or, in each case, any Hedging Party 
will become) subject to any withholding or reporting obligations pursuant to Section 871(m) of 
the Code with respect to the Securities and/or, where the Issuer is CGMHI, the CGMHI Deed 
of Guarantee and/or, where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee, and/or, in 
each case, save where the relevant Issue Terms specify that "Section 871(m) Event (Hedging 
Positions)" is not applicable, any Hedging Positions.  
Specified Valuation Date means each date deemed pursuant to the Conditions to be a Specified 
Valuation Date or as specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Trade Date means the date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, if none is so 
specified, the Issue Date. 
Underlying means each underlying reference factor specified as such and classified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Underlying Closing Level shall, in respect of an Underlying, have the meaning given to it in 
the Underlying Schedule applicable to such Underlying. 
Underlying Level shall, in respect of an Underlying and if applicable, have the meaning given 
to it in the Underlying Schedule applicable to such Underlying. 
Underlying RMB Currency Event means the occurrence of any of (i) Underlying RMB 
Illiquidity; (ii) Underlying RMB Inconvertibility and (iii) Underlying RMB Non-
Transferability. 
Underlying RMB Illiquidity means the occurrence of any event or circumstance whereby (i) 
the general Renminbi exchange market outside the PRC becomes illiquid (including, without 
limitation, the existence of any significant price distortion) as a result of which the Issuer cannot 
obtain sufficient Renminbi in order to perform its obligations under the Securities (or if 
applicable, any party to a Hedging Position cannot obtain sufficient Renminbi in order to 
perform its obligations under such Hedging Positions); or (ii) it becomes impossible or 
impractical for the Issuer (or if applicable, any party to a Hedging Position) to obtain a firm 
quote of the exchange rate, in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
Underlying RMB Inconvertibility means the occurrence of any event or existence of any 
condition that has the effect of it being impossible, illegal or impracticable for, or has the effect 
prohibiting, restricting or materially delaying the ability of, the Issuer (or, if applicable, any 
party to a Hedging Position) to convert any amount as may be required to be paid by the relevant 
party on any payment date in respect of the Securities or (if applicable) any Hedging Position) 
into RMB, other than where such impossibility, impracticability or illegality is due solely to the 
failure of the relevant party and/or any of their affiliates to comply with any law, rule or 
regulation enacted by any Relevant Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted 
after the Issue Date of the relevant Series and it is impossible, impracticable or illegal for the

--- Page 784 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
756 
 
relevant party and/or any of their affiliates, due to an event beyond the control of the relevant 
party and/or their affiliates, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
Underlying RMB Non-Transferability means the occurrence of any event that makes it 
impossible, impracticable or illegal for the Issuer (or if applicable, any party to a Hedging 
Position) and/or any of their affiliates to deliver RMB between accounts inside the relevant 
RMB Settlement Centre(s) or from an account inside the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) to 
an account outside such RMB Settlement Centre(s) (including where the RMB clearing and 
settlement system for participating banks in the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) is disrupted 
or suspended) or from an account outside the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) to an account 
inside such RMB Settlement Centre(s), other than where such impossibility, impracticability or 
illegality is due solely to the failure of the relevant party and/or any of their affiliates to comply 
with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Relevant Authority (unless such law, rule or 
regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the relevant Series and it is impossible, 
impracticable or illegal for the relevant party and/or any of their affiliates, due to an event 
beyond the control of the relevant party and/or any of their affiliates, as applicable), to comply 
with such law, rule or regulation). 
Underlying Schedule means, in respect of an Underlying, the schedule that is specified to be 
applicable to such Underlying as a result of the classification of such Underlying in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Valuation and Settlement Condition means each condition specified in this Underlying 
Schedule. 
Valuation Date means each Specified Valuation Date, as adjusted in accordance with Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 2(c), Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d), Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(f) above and/or, as applicable, the relevant Underlying Schedule. 
Valuation Roll means the number specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, if no 
number is so specified, eight. 
Valuation Time shall, in respect of an Underlying, have the meaning given to it in the 
Underlying Schedule applicable to such Underlying. 
3. 
Redemption or adjustment for an Administrator/Benchmark Event 
Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 9, in the event an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent or, where a separate Determination Agent is appointed in respect 
of the Securities, the Determination Agent (such agent the Relevant Agent) may make 
such adjustment(s) to the terms of the Securities as the Relevant Agent determines 
necessary or appropriate to account for the effect of the relevant event or circumstance 
and, without limitation, such adjustments may (a) consist of one or more amendments 
and/or be made on one or more dates (b) be determined by reference to any adjustment(s) 
in respect of the relevant event or circumstance made in relation to any hedging 
arrangements in respect of the Securities and (c) include selecting a successor 
benchmark(s) and making related adjustments to the terms of the Securities, and, in the 
case of more than one successor benchmark, making provision for allocation of exposure 
as between the successor benchmarks; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer may (if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms and at its option) redeem the 
Securities on a day selected by the Issuer, in which case each Security shall be redeemed 
by payment of an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount. 
The Relevant Agent shall notify the Issuer of any determination made by it in accordance with 
the above and the action that it proposes to take in respect of any such determination. The Issuer 
shall notify the Securityholders thereof or of any election to redeem the Securities as soon as 
reasonably practicable thereafter in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). Failure by 
the Relevant Agent to notify the Issuer or failure by the Issuer to notify the Securityholders of

--- Page 785 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
757 
 
any such determination or election will not affect the validity of any such determination or 
election. 
For the purposes of the above: 
Administrator/Benchmark Event means the Relevant Agent determines that (1) a Benchmark 
Modification or Cessation Event has occurred or will occur, or (2) any authorisation, 
registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any 
official register in respect of a relevant Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of a relevant 
Benchmark has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, 
suspended or withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body, in 
each case with the effect that the Issuer or the Relevant Agent or any other entity is not, or will 
not be, permitted under any applicable law or regulation to use the relevant Benchmark to 
perform its or their respective obligations under the Securities, or (3) save where the relevant 
Issue Terms specify that "Administrator/Benchmark Event (Limb (3))" is not applicable, it is 
not commercially reasonable to continue the use of the relevant Benchmark in connection with 
the Securities as a result of any applicable licensing restrictions or changes in the cost of 
obtaining or maintaining any relevant licence (including, without limitation, where the Issuer, 
the Relevant Agent or any other entity is required to hold a valid licence in order to issue or 
perform its obligations in respect of the Securities and for any reason such licence is either not 
obtained, not renewed or is revoked or there is a material change in the cost of obtaining or 
renewing such licence), or (4) there has been an official announcement by the supervisor of the 
administrator and/or sponsor of a relevant Benchmark that the relevant Benchmark is no longer 
representative, or as of a specified future date will no longer be capable of being representative, 
of any relevant underlying market(s) or economic reality that such Benchmark is intended to 
measure.  
"Benchmark" means any figure or rate and where any amount payable or deliverable under the 
Securities, or the value of the Securities, is determined by reference in whole or in part to such 
figure or rate, all as determined by the Relevant Agent. 
"Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark any of 
the following: 
(i) 
any material change in such Benchmark; or 
(ii) 
the permanent or indefinite cancellation or cessation in the provision of such Benchmark; 
or 
(iii) 
a regulator or other official sector entity prohibits the use of such Benchmark in respect 
of the Securities.  
4. 
Fixed Rate, Floating Rate, CMS Rate and Spread Rate Interest Amounts and Range 
Accrual (Expanded) Provisions 
4.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Securities 
(a) 
If the Securities are expressed to be Fixed Rate Securities in the applicable Issue Terms 
and Accrual is specified as "Not Applicable" in the Issue Terms, where interest is due in 
accordance with this Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the Issuer will pay the Interest Amount specified for the relevant Interest Payment 
Date in the Specified Currency. For which purpose, the "Interest Amount" will be the 
amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms or, where more than one amount is so 
specified, the amount specified in respect of the relevant Interest Payment Date. 
(b) 
If the Securities are Notes and are expressed to be Fixed Rate Securities in the applicable 
Issue Terms and Accrual is specified to be "Applicable" in the Issue Terms, then each 
such Fixed Rate Security bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Interest Rate(s). Interest will be payable in 
arrears on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity 
Date.

--- Page 786 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
758 
 
The amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Interest 
Period ending on (but excluding) the Interest Period End Date falling on or about such 
date will amount to the Interest Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment 
Date will, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, amount to the Broken Amount 
so specified. 
Except where an applicable Interest Amount or Broken Amount is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms in respect of an Interest Payment Date and the related Interest 
Period, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the relevant 
Interest Rate to: 
(i) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Securities which are represented by a Global Registered 
Security Certificate, the aggregate outstanding principal amount or number of the 
Fixed Rate Securities represented by such Global Registered Security Certificate; 
or 
(ii) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Securities in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, (I) multiplying such amount by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
(II) where Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5 (Range Accrual (Expanded) 
Securities) applies, multiplying the product calculated in (I) by the Accrual Interest Rate, 
and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified 
Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance 
with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Security is a multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Security 
shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the 
Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to 
reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
(c) 
If the Securities are Certificates and are expressed to be Fixed Rate Securities in the 
applicable Issue Terms and Accrual is specified to be "Applicable" in the Issue Terms, 
then each such Fixed Rate Security bears interest from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Interest Rate(s). Interest will 
be payable in arrears on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) 
the Maturity Date. 
The amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Interest 
Period ending on (but excluding) the Interest Period End Date falling on or about such 
date will amount to the Interest Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment 
Date will, if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, amount to the Broken Amount 
so specified. 
Except where an applicable Interest Amount or Broken Amount is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms in respect of an Interest Payment Date and the related Interest 
Period, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by multiplying the relevant 
Interest Rate by: 
(i) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Securities which are represented by a Global Registered 
Security Certificate, the aggregate of the Calculation Amounts in respect of the 
total number of Securities represented by such Global Registered Security 
Certificate; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Securities in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, (I) multiplying such amount by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
(II) where Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5 (Range Accrual (Expanded) 
Securities) applies, multiplying the product calculated in (I) by the Accrual Interest Rate,  
and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified 
Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance 
with applicable market convention.

--- Page 787 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
759 
 
4.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Securities 
Each Floating Rate Security which is a Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and, where interest is due in accordance with this Valuation and 
Settlement Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms, such interest will be payable in arrears on 
the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Issue Terms. Such interest 
will be payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) the Interest Period End Date falling on or about such Interest Payment Date. 
In respect of each Floating Rate Security which is a Certificate, interest shall be calculated in 
accordance with this Valuation and Settlement Schedule and the applicable Issue Terms and 
payable on the Interest Payment Date(s) falling on or around the end of the relevant Interest 
Period in each year specified in the applicable Issue Terms (or as otherwise specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms).  
(a) 
Screen Rate Determination 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the 
manner in which the Interest Rate is to be determined, the Interest Rate for the relevant 
Interest Period will be the Screen Rate for such Interest Period, plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Issue Terms) the Margin (if any) in relation to such Screen 
Rate, and multiplied by the relevant Interest Participation Rate (if any). 
For the purposes of this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(a), the Screen Rate for 
any Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(i) 
the offered quotation; or 
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Page as at the Specified Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in respect of such Interest Period, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent or Determination Agent, as applicable. If five or more of such offered 
quotations are available on the Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such 
highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than 
one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the 
Calculation Agent or Determination Agent, as applicable, for the purpose of determining 
the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided below) of such offered quotations. 
Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 9, the following provisions 
(the SRD Fallback Provisions) will apply if the Page is not available or if, in the case 
of (i), no offered quotation appears or, in the case of (ii), fewer than three offered 
quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, or by 10.30 a.m. Sydney time 
in the case of BBSW: 
(A) 
The Calculation Agent or Determination Agent, as applicable, shall request each 
of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent, 
as applicable, with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the 
Interest Determination Date in question.  
(B) 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent or 
Determination Agent, as applicable, with offered quotations, the Screen Rate for 
the relevant Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations 
for the Reference Rate, all as determined by the Calculation Agent or 
Determination Agent, as applicable. 
(C) 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent, as applicable, with an 
offered quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Screen Rate for the 
relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Calculation Agent

--- Page 788 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
760 
 
or Determination Agent, as applicable, determines as being the arithmetic mean 
of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the Calculation Agent or 
Determination Agent, as applicable, by the Reference Banks or any two or more 
of them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately the Specified Time 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the relevant Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference 
Rate by leading banks in the London inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is 
LIBOR), the Euro-zone interbank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR), 
the Stockholm inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is STIBOR), the Oslo 
inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is NIBOR), the Copenhagen inter-bank 
market (if the Reference Rate is CIBOR), the Tokyo inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is TIBOR), the Hong Kong inter-bank market (if the Reference 
Rate is HIBOR), the Sydney inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is BBSW) 
or the New Zealand inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is BKBM) or, in 
respect of any other Reference Rate, the Reference Rate Interbank Market for 
such Reference Rate or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent or Determination Agent, as applicable, with such offered rates, 
the offered rate for deposits in the relevant Specified Currency for a period equal 
to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean 
of the offered rates (rounded as provided below) for deposits in the relevant 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or 
are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the Calculation 
Agent or Determination Agent, as applicable, it is quoting to leading banks in the 
London interbank market (if the Reference Rate is LIBOR), the Euro-zone 
interbank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR), the Stockholm inter-bank 
market (if the Reference Rate is STIBOR), the Oslo inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is NIBOR), the Copenhagen inter-bank market (if the Reference 
Rate is CIBOR), the Tokyo inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is TIBOR), 
the Hong Kong inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is HIBOR), the Sydney 
inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is BBSW) or the New Zealand inter-
bank market (if the Reference Rate is BKBM) or, in respect of any other 
Reference Rate, the Reference Rate Interbank Market for such Reference Rate 
(D) 
PROVIDED THAT, if the Screen Rate cannot be determined in accordance with 
the foregoing provisions of these SRD Fallback Provisions, then notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in the Conditions, the Screen Rate shall be determined as 
such rate as is determined by the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent, as 
applicable, in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having regard 
to alternative benchmarks then available and taking into account prevailing 
industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the 
derivatives market). 
If a Reference Rate to which Screen Rate Determination applies is specified in the 
applicable Pricing Supplement as being other than LIBOR, EURIBOR, STIBOR, 
NIBOR, CIBOR, TIBOR, HIBOR, BBSW or BKBM, the Screen Rate (and any relevant 
Reference Rate) in respect of such Securities will be determined as provided above, 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
If the Screen Rate is determined by the Determination Agent as provided above, the 
Determination Agent shall notify the Calculation Agent and the Issuer of any such Screen 
Rate so determined as soon as reasonably practicable, but in any event, prior to the date 
on which any relevant amount is to be determined.  
The Calculation Agent and Determination Agent shall not be responsible to the Issuer, 
the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor or to any third party as a result of the 
Calculation Agent or Determination Agent, as applicable, having acted on any quotation 
given by any Reference Bank.

--- Page 789 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
761 
 
(b) 
USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination  
Where USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms as the manner in which the Interest Rate is to be determined, the Interest Rate for 
the relevant Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the Reference Rate plus 
or minus (as indicated in the applicable Issue Terms) the Margin (if any), and multiplied 
by the relevant Interest Participation Rate (if any). For each Interest Period, the Reference 
Rate will equal the rate appearing on the relevant Page at approximately the Specified 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date in respect of such Interest Period, all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent, as applicable. 
Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 9, the following provisions 
(the USD LIBOR SRD Fallback Provisions) will apply if the Reference Rate cannot 
be determined on any Interest Determination Date, and the Calculation Agent or 
Determination Agent, as applicable, will determine the Reference Rate as follows: 
(i) 
The Calculation Agent or Determination Agent, as applicable (after consultation 
with the Issuer) will select the Reference Banks. 
(ii) 
The Calculation Agent or Determination Agent, as applicable, will request that 
the Reference Banks provide their offered quotations to prime banks in the 
London interbank market at approximately the Specified Time on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date. These quotations shall be for deposits in U.S. dollars 
for the period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, 
commencing on the relevant date. Offered quotations must be based on a principal 
amount equal to at least USD1,000,000. 
(A) 
If two or more quotations are provided, the Reference Rate for the relevant 
Interest Period will be the arithmetic average of those quotations. 
(B) 
If fewer than two quotations are provided, the Calculation Agent or 
Determination Agent, as applicable (after consultation with the Issuer) will 
select three major banks in New York City and follow the steps in the two 
paragraphs below. 
(1) 
The Calculation Agent or Determination Agent, as applicable, will 
then determine the Reference Rate for the relevant Interest Period 
as the arithmetic average of rates quoted by those three major banks 
in New York City to leading European banks at approximately 
11:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date. The rates quoted will be for loans in U.S. 
dollars for the period equal to that which would have been used for 
the Reference Rate, commencing on the relevant date. Rates quoted 
must be based on a principal amount of at least USD1,000,000. 
(2) 
If fewer than three New York City banks selected by the 
Calculation Agent or Determination Agent, as applicable, are 
quoting rates, then notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 
Conditions, the Reference Rate for the relevant Interest Period will 
be such rate as is determined by the Calculation Agent or 
Determination Agent, as applicable, in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner having regard to alternative 
benchmarks then available and taking into account prevailing 
industry standards in any related market (including, without 
limitation, the derivatives market). 
If the Reference Rate is determined by the Determination Agent as provided above, the 
Determination Agent shall notify the Calculation Agent and the Issuer of any such 
Reference Rate so determined as soon as reasonably practicable, but in any event, prior 
to the date on which any relevant amount is to be determined.

--- Page 790 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
762 
 
The Calculation Agent and Determination Agent shall not be responsible to the Issuer, 
the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor or to any third party as a result of the 
Calculation Agent or Determination Agent, as applicable, having acted on any quotation 
given by any Reference Bank. 
(c) 
ISDA Determination 
Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 9, where ISDA 
Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as the manner in which the 
Interest Rate is to be determined, the Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Period will be 
the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Issue Terms) the 
Margin (if any) and multiplied by the Interest Participation Rate (if any).  
For the purposes of this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(c), "ISDA Rate" for 
any Interest Period means the rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined 
by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent 
were acting as Calculation Agent (as defined in the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published 
by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA) and as amended 
and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Securities (the ISDA 
Definitions) for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 
ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Issue Terms; and 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
PROVIDED THAT if the Calculation Agent determines that such ISDA Rate cannot be 
determined in accordance with the ISDA Definitions read with the above provisions and 
prior to the application of fallbacks in the ISDA Definitions (including where applicable 
any Reference Dealer quotations or fallbacks set out in Supplement number 70 to the 
2006 ISDA Definitions (Amendments to the 2006 ISDA Definitions to include new IBOR 
fallbacks)) then, subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 9 and 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, the ISDA Rate for such 
Interest Period shall be such rate as is determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner having regard to alternative benchmarks then 
available and taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related market 
(including, without limitation, the derivatives market). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph, Floating Rate, Floating Rate Option, Designated 
Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions 
and the date on which any ISDA Rate is to be determined shall be an Interest 
Determination Date. 
(d) 
SONIA Floating Rate Determination  
(i) 
Compounded Daily SONIA – Non-Index Determination 
Where SONIA Floating Rate Determination (Non-Index Determination) is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms as the manner in which the Interest Rate is to be determined, 
the Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Period will be the Compounded Daily SONIA 
(the SONIA Floating Rate) as determined on the relevant Interest Determination Date 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Issue Terms) the Margin (if any).  
For the purposes of this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(d)(i), "Compounded 
Daily SONIA" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment (with the daily Sterling overnight reference rate as 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.0000005 being 
rounded upwards):

--- Page 791 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
763 
 
(i) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Shift)" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, as follows: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] × 365
𝑑 
(ii) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Lag)" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, as follows: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖−5𝐿𝐵𝐷× 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] × 365
𝑑 
In each case, for the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded 
Daily SONIA only compounds the SONIA rate in respect of any London Banking Day. 
The SONIA rate applied to a day that is not a London Banking Day will be taken by 
applying the SONIA rate for the previous London Banking Day but without 
compounding. 
For the purposes of the above definition, the following terms have the following 
meanings: 
d means: 
(i) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Shift)" is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms, the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Observation Period; and 
(ii) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Lag)" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Interest Period. 
d0 means: 
(i) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Shift)" is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms, the number of London Banking Days in the 
relevant Observation Period; and 
(ii) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Lag)" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the number of London Banking Days in the 
relevant Interest Period. 
i means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Day in chronological order: 
(i) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Shift)" is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms, from, and including, the first London Banking 
Day in the relevant Observation Period to, and including, the last London 
Banking Day in such Observation Period; and 
(ii) 
where "Compounded Daily SONIA (Lag)" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, from, and including, the first London Banking 
Day in the relevant Interest Period to, and including, the last London 
Banking Day in such Interest Period. 
ni for any London Banking Day "i", means the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such London Banking Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following 
London Banking Day. 
Observation Period means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date falling five London Banking Days prior to the first day of such

--- Page 792 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
764 
 
Interest Period and ending on, but excluding, the date falling five London Banking 
Days prior to the Interest Period End Date for such Interest Period (or the date 
falling five London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the 
Securities become due and payable). 
SONIAi or SONIA rate, in respect of any London Banking Day "i", in the 
relevant Observation Period, means a reference rate equal to the daily Sterling 
Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for such London Banking Day as 
provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the relevant Page or, if such Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors (on the London Banking Day 
immediately following such London Banking Day). 
SONIAi-5LBD in respect of any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Interest 
Period, means a reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index 
Average (SONIA) rate for the London Banking Day falling five London Banking 
Days prior to such London Banking Day "i" as provided by the administrator of 
SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the relevant Page or, 
if such Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors 
(on the London Banking Day immediately following the London Banking Day 
falling five London Banking Days prior to such London Banking Day "i").  
∏𝑛
𝑖=1
means the product of the relevant factors up to the amount of n. For 
example,  
[∏(1 + 𝑋𝑖
365) −1
30
𝑖=1
] 
means [(1 + X1 / 365 ) – 1] x [(1 + X2  / 365 ) – 1] x … x [(1 + X30 / 365 ) – 1]. 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period, the 
Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA rate is not available on the relevant Page 
or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, the 
Calculation Agent will determine such SONIA rate as being: (i)(A) the Bank of 
Englandꞌs Bank Rate (the Bank Rate) prevailing at close of business on such day in the 
relevant Observation Period; plus (B) the mean of the spread of the SONIA rate to the 
Bank Rate over the previous five days on which a SONIA rate has been published, 
excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of 
those spreads) and the lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one 
only of those spreads) to the Bank Rate, or (ii) if the Bank Rate is not published by the 
Bank of England at close of business on such day in the relevant Observation Period, the 
SONIA rate published on the relevant Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors) for the first preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA 
rate was published on such Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the Bank of England publishes 
guidance as to (i) how the SONIA rate is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace 
the SONIA rate, the Calculation Agent shall, to the extent that it is reasonably 
practicable, follow such guidance in order to determine the SONIA rate for the purpose 
of the Securities for so long as the SONIA rate is not available or has not been published 
by the authorised distributors. The application of the provisions in this paragraph (SFRD 
(Non-Index) Fallback Provisions) shall always be subject to Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 9.  
(ii) 
Compounded Daily SONIA – Index Determination 
Where SONIA Floating Rate Determination (Index Determination) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms as the manner in which the Interest Rate is to be determined, the 
Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Period will be calculated by reference to the screen 
rate or index administered by the administrator of the Sterling Overnight Index Average 
reference rate that is published or displayed by such administrator or other information

--- Page 793 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
765 
 
service from time to time at the relevant time on the relevant determination dates 
specified below (the SONIA Compounded Index) and the following formula. Such 
Interest Rate will be plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Issue Terms) the Margin 
(if any): 
Compounded Daily SONIA rate =  
(𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑦
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑥
−1) × (365
𝑑) 
For the purposes of the above definition, the following terms have the following 
meanings: 
d is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to which 
"x" is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to which "y" is determined;  
Relevant Number is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
x denotes the value of the relevant SONIA Compounded Index determined in 
relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days prior to 
the first day of the relevant Interest Period; and 
y denotes the value of the relevant SONIA Compounded Index determined in 
relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days prior to 
the Final Interest Period End Date of the relevant Interest Period. 
Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 9, the following provisions 
(the SFRD (Index) Fallback Provisions) will apply if in respect of any relevant 
determination date a SONIA Compounded Index value has not been provided or 
published by or on behalf of the relevant administrator (or any successor administrator) 
or authorised distributors or the relevant website is not available. In these circumstances, 
the relevant SONIA Compounded Index value will be the last such value provided for 
the SONIA Compounded Index. 
(e) 
SOFR Floating Rate Determination 
(i) 
Compounded Daily SOFR – Non-Index Determination 
Where SOFR Floating Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as 
the manner in which the Interest Rate is to be determined, the Interest Rate for the 
relevant Interest Period will, subject as provided below and save where Index 
Determination applies, be Compounded Daily SOFR plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Issue Terms) the Margin (if any). 
Compounded Daily SOFR means, in respect of an Interest Period, the rate of return of 
a daily compound interest investment (with the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
as the reference rate for the calculation of interest) calculated by the Calculation Agent 
in respect of the relevant Interest Determination Date as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑈𝑆𝐵𝐷× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] × 360
𝑑 
where: 
d means the number of calendar days in (where in the relevant Issue Terms "Lag" is 
specified as the Observation Method) the relevant Interest Period or (where in the 
relevant Issue Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method) the relevant SOFR 
Observation Period;

--- Page 794 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
766 
 
d0 means, (where in the relevant Issue Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation 
Method) in respect of any Interest Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Period or (where in the relevant Issue Terms 
"Shift" is specified as the Observation Method) in respect of any SOFR Observation 
Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the relevant SOFR 
Observation Period; 
i means a series of whole numbers from 1 to "d0", each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from, and including, the 
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day (where in the relevant Issue Terms "Lag" 
is specified as the Observation Method) in the relevant Interest Period or (where in the 
relevant Issue Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method) the SOFR 
Observation Period; 
ni for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means the number of calendar days 
from and including, such U.S. Government Securities Business Day up to but excluding 
the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day;  
Observation Look-Back Period means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
p means (save as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms; 
SOFR Observation Period means in respect of each Interest Period, the period from 
and including the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding 
the first date in such Interest Period to but excluding the Final Interest Period End Date 
in respect of the relevant Interest Period;  
SOFR Reference Rate, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
(USBDx), is a reference rate equal to the daily secured overnight financing (SOFR) rate 
for such USBDx as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the 
administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the website of 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor 
website or the website of any successor administrator for the publication of such rate (the 
New York Federal Reserve's Website) (in each case, on or about 5:00 p.m., New York 
City time, on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately following such 
USBDx) or if the New York Federal Reserve's Website is unavailable as otherwise 
published by or on behalf of the relevant administrator; 
SOFRi-pUSBD means: 
(a) 
where in the relevant Issue Terms "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method, 
(save as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) in respect of any U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day "i" falling in the relevant Interest Period, the SOFR 
Reference Rate for the U.S. Government Securities Business Day falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to such day; or 
(b) 
where in the relevant Issue Terms "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method, 
(save as specified in the relevant Issue Terms) SOFRi, where SOFRi is, in respect 
of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" falling in the relevant SOFR 
Observation Period, the SOFR Reference Rate for such day; and 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day or USBD means any day, except for a 
Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association (or any successor) recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities. 
(ii) 
Compounded Daily SOFR – Index Determination

--- Page 795 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
767 
 
Where SOFR Floating Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Issue Terms as 
the manner in which the Interest Rate is to be determined and Index Determination is 
specified as being applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Interest Rate for the relevant 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be calculated by reference to the 
following formula and based on the SOFR Index (as defined below) and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded if necessary to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point e.g., 9.876541% (or .09876541) being rounded down to 9.87654% (or 
.0987654) and 9.876545% (or .09876545) being rounded up to 9.87655% (or .0987655). 
Such Interest Rate will be plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Issue Terms) the 
Margin (if any): 
Compounded Daily SOFR =  
( 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) × (360
𝑑𝑐
) 
where: 
dc is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to which SOFR 
IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to which SOFR IndexEnd is 
determined; 
Relevant Number is as specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
SOFR Index means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the 
SOFR Index value as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the 
administrator of such index (or any successor administrator of such index) as such index 
appears on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York at 
http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website or the website of any successor 
administrator for the publication of such index at 3:00 pm New York City time; 
SOFR IndexEnd is the SOFR Index value for the day which is the Relevant Number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the relevant Final Interest Period 
End Date; 
SOFR IndexStart is the SOFR Index value for the day which is the Relevant Number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the first date of the relevant 
Interest Period; and 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day or USBD means any day, except for a 
Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association (or any successor) recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities. 
(iii) 
Non-availablity 
Subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 9, the following provisions 
(the SOFR Fallback Provisions) will apply if in respect of any relevant determination 
date a SOFR or SOFR Index value, as applicable, has not been provided or published by 
or on behalf of the relevant administrator (or any successor administrator) or authorised 
distributors or the relevant website is not available. In these circumstances, the relevant 
SOFR or SOFR Index value, as applicable, will be the last such value provided for the 
SOFR or SOFR Index as applicable.  
(f) 
Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates 
Subject as provided below, if any Maximum Interest Rate or Minimum Interest Rate is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, then any Interest Rate shall be subject to such 
maximum or minimum, as the case may be, and where more than one Maximum Interest 
Rate and/or Minimum Interest Rate is so specified, the maximum or minimum, as the

--- Page 796 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
768 
 
case may be, shall be that which is specified in respect of the relevant Interest Payment 
Date in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Issue Terms, the Minimum Interest Rate shall 
be deemed to be zero. 
(g) 
Calculations - Notes 
In the case where the Securities are Notes, the Calculation Agent will calculate the 
amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the Floating Rate Securities for the 
relevant Interest Period by applying the relevant Interest Rate to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Securities which are represented by a Global 
Registered Security Certificate, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the 
Securities represented by such Global Registered Security Certificate; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Securities in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, (i) multiplying such amount by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
(ii) where Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5 (Range Accrual (Expanded) 
Securities) applies, multiplying the product calculated in (i) by the Accrual Interest Rate, 
and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified 
Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance 
with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Security is a multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Security shall be the 
product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation 
Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the 
Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings given to those terms in 
the ISDA Definitions. 
(h) 
Calculations - Certificates 
In the case where the Securities are Certificates, the Calculation Agent will calculate the 
amount of coupon (the Coupon Amount) payable on the Floating Rate Securities for the 
relevant Coupon Period by multiplying the relevant Coupon Rate by: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Securities which are represented by a Global 
Registered Security Certificate, the aggregate of the Calculation Amounts in 
respect of the total number of the Securities represented by such Global 
Registered Security Certificate; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Securities in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, (i) multiplying such amount by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
(ii) where Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5 (Range Accrual (Expanded) 
Securities) applies, multiplying the product calculated in (i) by the Accrual Interest Rate, 
and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified 
Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance 
with applicable market convention. 
(i) 
Determination and Publication of Interest Rates and Interest Amounts 
As soon as practicable after each Interest Determination Date the Calculation Agent will 
determine the Interest Rate and calculate the Interest Amounts in respect of each 
Specified Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. The Interest Amounts and the 
Interest Rate so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the Interest Period. If the Securities become due and payable under General

--- Page 797 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
769 
 
Condition 11, the interest (if any) and the Interest Rate payable in respect of the 
Securities shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with 
this Condition but no publication of the Interest Rate or the Interest Amount so calculated 
need be made.  
(j) 
Notification of Interest Rate and Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Interest Rate and each Interest Amount for each 
Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the 
Fiscal Agent and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Securities are 
for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance with General 
Condition 15 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later 
than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. For the purposes of this paragraph, the 
expression "London Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on 
which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London.  
(k) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in 
the applicable Issue Terms, the Interest Rate for such Interest Period shall be calculated 
by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates 
based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination or USD LIBOR 
Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms or in 
the case of CMS Rate Securities) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA 
Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms), one of which 
shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates 
are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of 
which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for 
which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period 
PROVIDED HOWEVER THAT if there is no rate available for a period of time next 
shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine 
such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate.  
4.3 
Interest on CMS Rate Securities 
(a) 
Interest Amount 
Each CMS Rate Security bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and at the CMS Interest Rate. 
Such Interest Amount will be payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Interest 
Period ending on (but excluding) the Interest Period End Date falling on or about such Interest 
Payment Date. 
If an Interest Rate or a Reference Rate for any period or any relevant day (including any Interest 
Payment Date) is specified in any other Condition or in the applicable Issue Terms to be a "CMS 
Interest Rate", the relevant Interest Rate or Reference Rate will be determined in accordance 
with this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.3. 
A different CMS Interest Rate may apply in respect of different Interest Periods and/or Interest 
Payment Dates, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(b) 
Single CMS Interest Rate 
If the CMS Interest Rate is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be "Single CMS Interest 
Rate", the CMS Interest Rate in respect of an Interest Period or any relevant day will be equal 
to the CMS Reference Rate, plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) the 
Margin (if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such CMS Reference 
Rate), and multiplied by the Interest Participation Rate (if any is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms in relation to such CMS Reference Rate), all as determined by the Calculation Agent or 
Determination Agent, as applicable.

--- Page 798 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
770 
 
(c) 
Worse of CMS Interest Rates 
If the CMS Interest Rate is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be "Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates", the CMS Interest Rate in respect of an Interest Period or any relevant day will be equal 
to the lesser of: (1) CMS Reference Rate 1 plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms) Margin 1 (if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such CMS 
Reference Rate 1), and multiplied by Interest Participation Rate 1 (if any is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms in relation to such CMS Reference Rate 1), and (2) CMS Reference Rate 
2, plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) Margin 2 (if any is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms in relation to such CMS Reference Rate 2), and multiplied by Interest 
Participation Rate 2 (if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such CMS 
Reference Rate 2). Where (1) and (2) are the same value, then such value will be the relevant 
CMS Interest Rate. 
(d) 
CMS Spread Interest Rate 
If the CMS Interest Rate is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be "CMS Spread Interest 
Rate", the CMS Interest Rate in respect of an Interest Period or any relevant day will be equal 
to the difference between (1) CMS Reference Rate 1, plus or minus (as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms) Margin 1 (if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation 
to such CMS Reference Rate 1), and multiplied by Interest Participation Rate 1 (if any is 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such CMS Reference Rate 1), minus (2) 
CMS Reference Rate 2, plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) Margin 2 (if 
any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such CMS Reference Rate 2), and 
multiplied by Interest Participation Rate 2 (if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in 
relation to such CMS Reference Rate 2). 
(e) 
CMS Reference Rate Fallback Provisions 
In respect of a CMS Reference Rate and the Relevant Swap Rate (used to determine such CMS 
Reference Rate), if a Page for such Relevant Swap Rate is not available, the Calculation Agent 
or Determination Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation 
Agent or Determination Agent with its quotation for the Relevant Swap Rate (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) at approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination 
Date in question. If at least three quotations are provided, the relevant CMS Reference Rate for 
the relevant Interest Period or day shall be the arithmetic mean of the quotations, eliminating 
the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation 
(or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph, "Reference Banks" means, (i) if the applicable Issue 
Terms specify "As specified in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.3(e) (CMS Reference Rate 
Fallback Provisions)" and the Relevant Swap Rate specified is: (a) EUR Swap Rate, the 
principal office of five leading swap dealers in the Euro-zone interbank market; (b) GBP Swap 
Rate, the principal London office of five leading swap dealers in the London interbank market, 
(c) USD Swap Rate, the principal New York City office of five leading swap dealers in the New 
York City interbank market, or (d) Mid-Market Swap Rate, the principal Relevant Financial 
Centre office of five leading swap dealers in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank market, in 
each case as selected by the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent; or (ii) such leading 
swap dealers in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank market as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
If, on any Interest Determination Date, one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent or Determination Agent with such quotations of the Relevant Swap Rate 
(used to determine a CMS Reference Rate) as provided in the preceding paragraph, the relevant 
CMS Reference Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent in 
accordance with standard market practice.

--- Page 799 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
771 
 
(f) 
Calculation – Notes 
In the case where the Securities are Notes, the Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of 
interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the CMS Rate Securities for the relevant Interest 
Period by applying the relevant Interest Rate to: 
(i) 
in the case of CMS Rate Securities which are represented by a Global Registered Security 
Certificate, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the CMS Rate Securities 
represented by such Global Registered Security Certificate; or 
(ii) 
in the case of CMS Rate Securities in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, (i) multiplying such product by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and (ii) 
where Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5 (Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities) applies, 
multiplying the product calculated in (i) by the Accrual Interest Rate. The resultant figure will 
be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a CMS Rate Security is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Security shall be the product of the 
amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount 
by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without 
any further rounding. 
(g) 
Calculation – Certificates  
In the case where the Securities are Certificates, the Calculation Agent will calculate the amount 
of coupon (the Coupon Amount) payable on the CMS Rate Securities, as the case may be, for 
the relevant Coupon Period by applying the relevant Coupon Rate to: 
(i) 
in the case of CMS Rate Securities which are represented by a Global Registered Security 
Certificate, the aggregate of the Calculation Amounts in respect of the total number of 
the Securities represented by such Global Registered Security Certificate; or 
(ii) 
in the case of CMS Rate Securities in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, (i) multiplying such product by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and (ii) 
where Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5 (Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities) applies, 
multiplying the product calculated in (i) by the Accrual Interest Rate. The resultant figure will 
be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
(h) 
Additional Definitions Relating to CMS Rate Securities 
The following terms shall have the meanings set out below (and terms not defined in this 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.3 shall have the meanings given to such terms in the 
Conditions): 
CMS Interest Rate means the rate of interest in respect of an Interest Period or any relevant 
day (including any Interest Payment Date) determined in accordance with Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 4.3. 
CMS Rate Securities means Securities specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.  
CMS Reference Rate means, in respect of an Interest Period or any relevant day, the Relevant 
Swap Rate for swap transactions in the Reference Currency with a maturity of the Designated 
Maturity (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) which appears on the Page as at the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent or Determination Agent. 
CMS Reference Rate 1 means the CMS Reference Rate specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms and the terms "Relevant Swap Rate", "Reference Currency", "Designated

--- Page 800 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
772 
 
Maturity", "Page", "Relevant Time" and "Interest Determination Date" and any other relevant 
term will each be specified in the applicable Issue Terms under the heading "CMS Reference 
Rate 1". 
CMS Reference Rate 2 means the CMS Reference Rate specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms and the terms "Relevant Swap Rate", "Reference Currency", "Designated 
Maturity", "Page", "Relevant Time" and "Interest Determination Date" and any other relevant 
term will each be specified in the applicable Issue Terms under the heading "CMS Reference 
Rate 2". 
Interest Participation Rate 1 means, in respect of CMS Reference Rate 1, an Interest 
Participation Rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms corresponding to CMS 
Reference Rate 1. 
Interest Participation Rate 2 means, in respect of CMS Reference Rate 2, an Interest 
Participation Rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms corresponding to CMS 
Reference Rate 2. 
Margin 1 means the Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Margin 2 means the Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Reference Currency means, in the case of a determination of a CMS Reference Rate, the 
currency specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms corresponding to such CMS Reference 
Rate. 
Relevant Swap Rate means, if the applicable Issue Terms specify: 
(i) 
EUR Swap Rate, the mid-market annual swap rate determined on the basis of the 
arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 
30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating euro interest rate swap transaction with 
a term equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period or on any relevant day and in a Representative Amount with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each 
case calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to EUR-EURIBOR-
Reuters (as defined in the ISDA Definitions (as defined below)) with a designated 
maturity determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to standard market practice 
and/or the ISDA Definitions;  
(ii) 
GBP Swap Rate, the mid-market semi-annual swap rate determined on the basis of 
the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the semi-annual fixed leg, 
calculated on an Actual/365 (Fixed) day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating Sterling 
interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to the Designated Maturity 
commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest Period or on any relevant day and 
in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap 
market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated on an Actual/365 (Fixed) day 
count basis, is equivalent (A) if the Designated Maturity is greater than one year, to 
GBP-LIBOR-BBA (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity of 
six months or (B) if the Designated Maturity is one year or less, to GBP-LIBOR-BBA 
with a designated maturity of three months; 
(iii) 
USD Swap Rate, the mid-market semi-annual swap rate determined on the basis of the 
mean of the bid and offered rates for the semi-annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 
day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating United States dollar interest rate swap 
transaction with a term equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day 
of the relevant Interest Period or on any relevant day and in a Representative Amount 
with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, 
calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to USD-LIBOR-BBA (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity of three months; and 
(iv) 
Mid-Market Swap Rate, the mid-market swap rate as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with standard market practice.

--- Page 801 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
773 
 
Relevant Time means, for the purposes of a determination of a CMS Reference Rate, the time 
in the place specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms corresponding to such CMS 
Reference Rate. 
Representative Amount means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the 
relevant market at the relevant time. 
4.4 
Spread Securities 
(a) 
Interest Rate for Spread Securities 
The "Spread Interest Rate" in respect of each Interest Period will be the Relevant Spread Rate 
in respect of such Interest Period, plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) the 
Margin (Spread Interest Rate) (if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms), and multiplied 
by the Interest Participation Rate (Spread Interest Rate) (if any is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms), all as determined by the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent. 
The "Relevant Spread Rate" in respect of each Interest Period will be: 
(A) 
if "Option One" applies, an amount equal to (i) one (1), minus (ii) the result of Spread 
Rate 1 minus Spread Rate 2; or 
(B) 
if "No Option One" applies, an amount equal to (i) Spread Rate 1, minus (ii) Spread Rate 
2; or 
(C) 
if "Spread Cap" applies, an amount determined in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Min[(Rate X±Spread Cap Margin);(V%+{Multiplier×[Rate Y-Rate Z]})] 
If any Reference Rate is specified herein or in the applicable Issue Terms to be a "Spread Interest 
Rate", "Relevant Spread Rate" or "Spread Reference Rate", the relevant Reference Rate will be 
determined in accordance with the provisions set out in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 
4.4, as though each reference to "Interest Rate" were a reference to "Reference Rate". 
(b) 
Determination of Spread Reference Rate 
The "Spread Reference Rate" shall be the rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, 
and may be expressed as: 
(A) 
a single Reference Rate; 
(B) 
the sum of two or more Reference Rates (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms); 
or 
(C) 
Reference Rate 1 minus Reference Rate 2. 
A different Spread Reference Rate(s) (and, if applicable, calculated from different Reference 
Rates) may apply in respect of different Interest Periods, as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
(c) 
Determination of Reference Rate 
In relation to a Reference Rate, the applicable Issue Terms will specify whether it is (i) a Fixed 
Interest Rate, (ii) a Floating Interest Rate and whether Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination will apply; or (iii) a CMS Interest Rate. 
In relation to each Reference Rate, depending on which one of (i), (ii) or (iii) above is specified 
in relation to such Reference Rate, the applicable Issue Terms will specify in relation to such 
Reference Rate, all the relevant terms for such Reference Rate, including any Interest 
Determination Date, any Margin, any Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or Maximum Reference Rate, in each case, in accordance with the relevant provisions for 
Fixed Rate Securities, Floating Rate Securities or CMS Rate Securities, in each case, as

--- Page 802 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
774 
 
contained in the Conditions and, in the case of Securities that are not Exempt Securities, in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Securities, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where a Reference Rate is determined by reference to any of 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Securities) or Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 4.3 (Interest on CMS Rate Securities), as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, all fallback provisions relating to a Floating Interest Rate or CMS Interest Rate, as 
applicable, as contained in the Conditions shall also apply in relation to the determination of 
such rate(s), as applicable. 
A different Reference Rate(s) may apply in respect of different Interest Periods, as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
(d) 
Fixed Rate Security provisions applicable to Spread Securities 
Each Spread Security will also be a Fixed Rate Security and interest payable on Spread 
Securities will be determined and calculated as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 
4.1(b) or 4.1(c), as the case may be, as though the applicable Issue Terms specified "Accrual" 
to be applicable and the Spread Interest Rate was a Fixed Interest Rate. As with all Fixed Rate 
Securities, Spread Securities will bear interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date at the Interest Rate (determined in accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 
4.1(b) or 4.1(c), as the case may be, above) and, where interest is due in accordance with this 
Valuation and Settlement Condition and the applicable Issue Terms, such interest (being an 
Interest Amount) will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. Such Interest Amount will be payable on each Interest 
Payment Date in respect of the Interest Period ending on (but excluding) the Interest Period End 
Date falling on or about such Interest Payment Date. 
(e) 
Additional Definitions Relating to Spread Securities 
The following terms shall have the respective meanings set out below (and terms not defined in 
this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.4 shall have the meanings given to such terms in the 
Conditions: 
Interest Participation Rate (Spread Interest Rate) means, in respect of a Relevant Spread 
Rate for an Interest Period, an Interest Participation Rate specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms corresponding to such Relevant Spread Rate. 
Margin (Spread Interest Rate) means, in respect of a Relevant Spread Rate for an Interest 
Period, a Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms corresponding to such Relevant 
Spread Rate. 
Maximum Reference Rate means, in respect of an Interest Period and/or any relevant day 
(including any Interest Payment Date), the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms in respect of such Interest Period or day, or, if a Rate Table is set out in the applicable 
Issue Terms, in respect of each Interest Period ending on (but excluding) an Interest Period End 
Date, the amount set forth in the Rate Table in the column entitled "Maximum Reference Rate" 
in the row corresponding to such day or corresponding to the date (specified in the column 
entitled "Interest Period End Date") on which such Interest Period End Date is scheduled to fall. 
Min means, when followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, whichever is the lesser of 
the amounts separated by a semi-colon inside those brackets. 
Minimum Reference Rate means, in respect of an Interest Period and/or any relevant day 
(including any Interest Payment Date), the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms in respect of such Interest Period or day, or, if a Rate Table is set out in the applicable 
Issue Terms, in respect of each Interest Period ending on (but excluding) an Interest Period End 
Date, the amount set forth in the Rate Table in the column entitled "Minimum Reference Rate" 
in the row corresponding to such day or corresponding to the date (specified in the column 
entitled "Interest Period End Date") on which such Interest Period End Date is scheduled to fall. 
"Multiplier" means an amount specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 803 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
775 
 
Rate X means any of Spread Rate 1, Spread Rate 2 or Spread Rate 3, specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms provided that, where the applicable Issue Terms provides that such rate 
is Not Applicable, such rate shall not apply to the Securities and the "Spread Cap" formula shall 
be deemed amended accordingly. 
Rate Y means any of Spread Rate 1, Spread Rate 2 or Spread Rate 3, specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms provided that, where the applicable Issue Terms provides that such rate 
is Not Applicable, such rate shall not apply to the Securities and the "Spread Cap" formula shall 
be deemed amended accordingly. 
Rate Z means any of Spread Rate 1, Spread Rate 2 or Spread Rate 3, specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms provided that, where the applicable Issue Terms provides that such rate 
is Not Applicable, such rate shall not apply to the Securities and the "Spread Cap" formula shall 
be deemed amended accordingly. 
Reference Rate 1 means, in respect of an Interest Period, a Reference Rate specified as such in 
the applicable Issue Terms and determined in accordance with Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.4(c) (Determination of Reference Rate) above. 
Reference Rate 2 means, in respect of an Interest Period, a Reference Rate specified as such in 
the applicable Issue Terms and determined in accordance with Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.4(c) (Determination of Reference Rate) above. 
Spread Cap Margin means, in respect of a Relevant Spread Rate for an Interest Period, the 
Margin specified as such for such Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date in the applicable 
Issue Terms, provided that if: (i) the Spread Cap Margin is a percentage rate per annum preceded 
by a "+" (plus) sign, the reference to "± Spread Cap Margin" in the formula set out in paragraph 
(C) of the definition of "Relevant Spread Rate" above shall be construed as "+ Spread Cap 
Margin", and (ii) the Spread Cap Margin is a percentage rate per annum preceded by a "‒" 
(minus) sign, the reference to "± Spread Cap Margin" in the formula set out in paragraph (C) of 
the definition of "Relevant Spread Rate" above shall be construed as "‒ Spread Cap Margin". 
Spread Rate 1 means, in respect of an Interest Period, a Spread Reference Rate specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms, plus or minus any Spread Rate 1 Margin, and multiplied by 
any Spread Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate. 
Spread Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate means an Interest Participation Rate specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Spread Rate 1 Margin means a Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Spread Rate 2 means, in respect of an Interest Period, a Spread Reference Rate specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms, plus or minus any Spread Rate 2 Margin, and multiplied by 
any Spread Rate 2 Interest Participation Rate. 
Spread Rate 2 Interest Participation Rate means an Interest Participation Rate specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Spread Rate 2 Margin means a Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Spread Rate 3 means, in respect of an Interest Period, a Spread Reference Rate specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms, plus or minus any Spread Rate 3 Margin, and multiplied by 
any Spread Rate 3 Interest Participation Rate. 
Spread Rate 3 Interest Participation Rate means an Interest Participation Rate specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Spread Rate 3 Margin means a Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Spread Securities means Securities specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 804 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
776 
 
V% means an amount (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
4.5 
Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities 
The provisions set out in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5 and shall apply to Range 
Accrual (Expanded) Securities. A Range Accrual (Expanded) Security will have a Fixed Interest 
Rate, a Floating Interest Rate or a CMS Interest Rate, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(a) 
Accrual Interest Rate 
The "Accrual Interest Rate" for each Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date) means a 
percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Min [Max (Lev x {RA Factor – Adj}; RA Floor); RA Cap] 
For the purposes of the above: 
Accrual Factor means an amount expressed as a percentage determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(days accrued)
(days observed) 
RA Factor means a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following: 
(i) 
where the applicable Issue Terms specify that the "Protected Range Accrual 
Provisions" apply: 
(A) 
where the Accrual Factor is greater than the Protection Level, 100%; or 
(B) 
where the Accrual Factor is less than or equal to the Protection Level, the 
Accrual Factor; or 
(ii) 
where the applicable Issue Terms specify that the "Protected Range Accrual 
Provisions" do not apply, the Accrual Factor. 
(b) 
Determination of Accrual Condition 
Accrual Condition means (and shall be deemed to be satisfied) on any Interest Observation 
Date if the Reference Observation on such Interest Observation Date is: 
(A) 
if "Greater than the Barrier" is specified under Barrier Reference in the applicable Issue 
Terms, greater than the Barrier; 
(B) 
if "Greater than or equal to the Barrier" is specified under Barrier Reference in the 
applicable Issue Terms, greater than or equal to the Barrier; 
(C) 
if "Less than the Barrier" is specified under Barrier Reference in the applicable Issue 
Terms, less than the Barrier; 
(D) 
if "Less than or equal to the Barrier" is specified under Barrier Reference in the 
applicable Issue Terms, less than or equal to the Barrier; or 
(E) 
if a "Lower Range" and an "Upper Range" are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
and: 
(I) 
if the "Lower Range Option" specified in the applicable Issue Terms is: 
(1) 
"Greater than the Lower Range", greater than the Lower Range; or

--- Page 805 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
777 
 
(2) 
"Greater than or equal to the Lower Range", greater than or equal to 
the Lower Range; and 
(II) 
if the "Upper Range Option" specified in the applicable Issue Terms is: 
(1) 
"Less than the Upper Range", less than the Upper Range; or 
(2) 
"Less than or equal to the Upper Range", less than or equal to the 
Upper Range, 
in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the relevant Interest 
Observation Date, subject as provided herein. 
(c) 
Determination of Reference Observation 
The "Reference Observation" shall be specified in the applicable Issue Terms and may be 
expressed as: 
(i) 
Reference Rate 1 minus Reference Rate 2; or 
(ii) 
the sum of each Reference Rate 1 minus the sum of each Reference Rate 2; or 
(iii) 
one Reference Rate or a basket of two or more Reference Rates, 
in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to or in respect of the relevant 
Interest Observation Date, subject as provided herein. 
If the Reference Observation is specified as a basket of two or more Reference Rates, then a 
"Reference Observation" on any Interest Observation Date shall be construed as: 
(i) 
if "Any" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, "any Reference Rate" or 
(ii) 
if "All" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, "each of the Reference Rates", 
in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the relevant Interest 
Observation Date, subject as provided herein. 
(d) 
Determination of Reference Rate 
For the purposes of the Conditions and in particular Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.1 
(Interest on Fixed Rate Securities), 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Securities) and 4.3 (Interest 
on CMS Rate Securities), Reference Rate 1 and Reference Rate 2 are each a "Reference Rate" 
and the applicable Issue Terms will specify whether each Reference Rate is: (i) a Fixed Interest 
Rate, (ii) a Floating Interest Rate and whether Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination will apply, or (iii) a CMS Interest Rate, or (iv) a Spread Interest Rate, (v) a 
Relevant Spread Rate or (vi) a Spread Reference Rate. 
In relation to each Reference Rate, depending on which one of (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v) or (vi) 
above is specified in relation to such Reference Rate, the applicable Issue Terms will specify in 
relation to such Reference Rate, all the relevant terms for such Reference Rate, including any 
Interest Determination Date, any Margin, any Interest Participation Rate, any of Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 4.4 (Spread Securities), any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any 
Maximum Reference Rate, in each case in accordance with the relevant provisions for a Fixed 
Interest Rate, Floating Interest Rate, CMS Interest Rate, Spread Interest Rate, Relevant Spread 
Rate or Spread Reference Rate, in each case as contained in the Valuation and Settlement 
Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms. 
A different Reference Rate and/or different Reference Observations may apply in respect of 
different Interest Periods and Interest Payment Dates, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(e) 
Barrier, Upper Range and Lower Range 
(A) 
Barrier

--- Page 806 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
778 
 
As specified in the applicable Issue Terms, a Barrier may apply to specified Interest 
Periods and/or Interest Payment Dates only and may vary between different Interest 
Periods and/or Interest Payment Dates, all as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(B) 
Lower Range and/or Upper Range 
As specified in the applicable Issue Terms, a Lower Range and/or Upper Range may 
apply to specified Interest Periods and/or Interest Payment Dates only and may vary 
between different Interest Periods and/or Interest Payment Dates, all as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
(C) 
Interest Observation Date 
In respect of an Interest Period, any Reference Observation and each Accrual Day 
falling during such Interest Period, the relevant "Interest Observation Date" shall be 
such Accrual Day or, if such day is not a Scheduled Observation Date or is a Reference 
Observation Disrupted Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Observation Date 
for such Reference Observation which is not a Reference Observation Disrupted Day 
for such Reference Observation, provided that the Interest Observation Date for each 
Accrual Day from (and including) the Accrual Cut-Off Date to but (excluding) the 
Interest Period End Date falling at the end of such Interest Period shall be the Interest 
Observation Date for the Accrual Cut-Off Date. 
An Interest Observation Date for one Accrual Day may therefore fall on the same day 
as the Interest Observation Date for another Accrual Day. 
(f) 
Interest Rate 
A different Interest Rate may apply in respect of different Interest Periods and Interest Payment 
Dates, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities will bear interest from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date at the Fixed Interest Rate, Floating Interest Rate or CMS Interest Rate, as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. Such Interest Amount will be payable on each Interest 
Payment Date in respect of the Interest Period ending on (but excluding) the Interest Period End 
Date falling on or about such Interest Payment Date. 
(A) 
Fixed Rate Security provisions applicable to Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities 
If the Interest Rate applicable to any Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date is 
specified to be a Fixed Interest Rate, the provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement 
4.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate Securities) are deemed to apply and each Range Accrual 
(Expanded) Security will also be a Fixed Rate Security. Interest payable on each Range 
Accrual (Expanded) Security will be determined and calculated in accordance with 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.1(b) or 4.1(c), as the case may be, as though the 
applicable Issue Terms specified "Accrual" to be applicable. 
(B) 
Floating Rate Security provisions applicable to Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities 
If the Interest Rate applicable to any Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date is 
specified to be a Floating Interest Rate, the provisions set out in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Securities) are deemed to apply 
and each Range Accrual (Expanded) Security will also be a Floating Rate Security. 
The Interest Amount payable on each Range Accrual (Expanded) Security will be 
determined and calculated in accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 
4.2(g) (Calculations - Notes) or 4.2(h) (Calculations - Certificates), as the case may 
be. 
(C) 
CMS Rate Security provisions applicable to Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities 
If the Interest Rate applicable to any Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date is 
specified to be a CMS Interest Rate, the provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement

--- Page 807 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
779 
 
Condition 4.3 (Interest on CMS Rate Securities) are deemed to apply and each Range 
Accrual (Expanded) Security will also be a CMS Rate Security. The Interest Amount 
payable on each Range Accrual (Expanded) Security will be determined and calculated 
in accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.3(a) (Interest Amount). 
(g) 
Maximum/Minimum Interest Amount 
If any Maximum Interest Amount or Minimum Interest Amount (or both) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms in respect of an Interest Payment Date, then if the Interest Amount for 
such Interest Payment Date is (1) greater than such Maximum Interest Amount, the Interest 
Amount shall be such Maximum Interest Amount, the Maximum Interest Amount shall be 
subject to the usury limits permitted by the law of the State of New York, or (2) less than such 
Minimum Interest Amount, the Interest Amount shall be such Minimum Interest Amount. 
If more than one Maximum Interest Amount or Minimum Interest Amount (or both) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms for different Interest Payment Dates, then if the Interest Amount 
for an Interest Payment Date is (1) greater than the Maximum Interest Amount specified for 
such Interest Payment Date, the Interest Amount shall be such Maximum Interest Amount, or 
(2) is less than such Minimum Interest Amount specified for such Interest Payment Date, the 
Interest Amount shall be such Minimum Interest Amount. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Issue Terms, the Minimum Interest Amount shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
(h) 
Range Accrual Table 
If a Range Accrual Table is set out in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of each Interest 
Period ending on (but excluding) an Interest Period End Date: 
(A) 
the Barrier will be each amount specified in the Range Accrual Table in the column 
entitled "Barrier"; 
(B) 
the Lower Range will be each amount specified in the Range Accrual Table in the 
column entitled "Lower Range"; 
(C) 
the Upper Range will be each amount specified in the Range Accrual Table in the 
column entitled "Upper Range"; 
(D) 
the relevant Reference Observation will be specified in the Range Accrual Table in the 
column entitled "Reference Observation" and if the Reference Observation is not 
expressed as a single Reference Rate, any Reference Rate, Reference Rate 1 or 
Reference Rate 2 will be specified in the Reference Observation Table in the column 
entitled "Reference Rate(s)" (or if applicable, the columns entitled "Reference Rate 1" 
and "Reference Rate 2"); 
(E) 
the relevant Interest Rate for such Interest Period will be specified in the Range Accrual 
Table in the column entitled "Interest Rate"; and 
(F) 
the relevant "Lev", "Adj", "RA Cap", "RA Floor" and "Protection Level" for such 
Interest Period will be specified in the Range Accrual Table in the applicable column, 
in each case, in the row corresponding to the date (specified in the column "Interest Period End 
Date(s)") on which such Interest Period End Date is scheduled to fall. 
(i) 
Additional Definitions Relating to Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities  
The following terms shall have the meanings set out below (and terms not defined in this 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5 shall have the meanings given to such terms in the 
Conditions: 
Accrual Business Day means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and

--- Page 808 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
780 
 
foreign currency deposits) in each Accrual Business Day Centre specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, and if "Accrual Business Day Centre" is specified to be or to include: (i) "U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day", then "Accrual Business Day" shall also be any day 
except a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association (or any successor) recommends that the fixed income departments of its members 
be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities; or (ii) 
"TARGET", then "Accrual Business Day" shall also be a day on which the TARGET2 System 
is open. 
Accrual Condition has the meaning given in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5(b) 
(Determination of Accrual Condition). 
Accrual Condition 1 means an Accrual Condition specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms, determined in accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5(b) 
(Determination of Accrual Condition) as though each reference therein to: (a) "Accrual 
Condition" was a reference to "Accrual Condition 1", (b) "Reference Observation" was a 
reference to "Reference Observation 1", (c) "Barrier" was a reference to "Barrier 1", (d) "Lower 
Range" was a reference to "Lower Range 1", and (e) "Upper Range" was a reference to "Upper 
Range 1". 
Accrual Condition 2 means an Accrual Condition specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms, determined in accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5(b) 
(Determination of Accrual Condition) as though each reference therein to: (a) "Accrual 
Condition" was a reference to "Accrual Condition 2", (b) "Reference Observation" was a 
reference to "Reference Observation 2", (c) "Barrier" was a reference to "Barrier 2", (d) "Lower 
Range" was a reference to "Lower Range 2", and (e) "Upper Range" was a reference to "Upper 
Range 2". 
Accrual Condition 3 means an Accrual Condition specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms, determined in accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5(b) 
(Determination of Accrual Condition) as though each reference therein to: (a) "Accrual 
Condition" was a reference to "Accrual Condition 3", (b) "Reference Observation" was a 
reference to "Reference Observation 3", (c) "Barrier" was a reference to "Barrier 3", (d) "Lower 
Range" was a reference to "Lower Range 3", and (e) "Upper Range" was a reference to "Upper 
Range 3". 
Accrual Cut-Off Date means, in respect of an Interest Period, the day falling on the Specified 
Accrual Cut-Off Date (or if "Default Accrual Cut-Off Date" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the fifth Accrual Day) immediately preceding the Interest Period End Date falling at the 
end of such Interest Period. 
Accrual Days means calendar days or Business Days specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms (each an Accrual Day). 
Adj means the adjustment factor specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms provided that 
if the applicable Issue Terms specifies that Adj is Not Applicable, Adj shall be zero. 
Barrier has the meaning given in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5(e) (Barrier, Upper 
Range and Lower Range). 
Barrier 1 means the Barrier specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, and each reference 
in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5(e) (Barrier, Upper Range and Lower Range) and 
4.5(h) (Range Accrual Table) to "Barrier" shall be construed as a reference to "Barrier 1". 
Barrier 2 means the Barrier specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, and each reference 
in Valuation and Settlement Conditions 4.5(e) (Barrier, Upper Range and Lower Range) and 
4.5(h) (Range Accrual Table) to "Barrier" shall be construed as a reference to "Barrier 2". 
Barrier 3 means the Barrier specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, and each reference 
in Valuation and Settlement Conditions 4.5(e) (Barrier, Upper Range and Lower Range) and 
4.5(h) (Range Accrual Table) to "Barrier" shall be construed as a reference to "Barrier 3".

--- Page 809 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
781 
 
days accrued means: 
(A) 
if the applicable Issue Terms specify "Single Reference Observation" to be applicable, 
the number of Accrual Days in the relevant Interest Period in respect of which the 
Accrual Condition is satisfied on the related Interest Observation Date; 
(B) 
if the applicable Issue Terms specify "Dual Reference Observation" to be applicable, 
the number of Accrual Days in the relevant Interest Period in respect of which Accrual 
Condition 1 and Accrual Condition 2 are both satisfied on the related Interest 
Observation Date; and 
(C) 
if the applicable Issue Terms specify "Triple Reference Observation" to be applicable, 
the number of Accrual Days in the relevant Interest Period in respect of which Accrual 
Condition 1, Accrual Condition 2 and Accrual Condition 3 are all satisfied on the 
related Interest Observation Date. 
days observed means the actual number of Accrual Days in the relevant Interest Period. 
Interest Observation Date has the meaning given in Valuation and Settlement Condition 
4.5(e). 
Lev means the leverage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms provided that if the 
applicable Issue Terms specifies that Lev is Not Applicable, Lev shall be 100 per cent. 
Lower Range has the meaning given in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5(e) (Barrier, 
Upper Range and Lower Range). 
Lower Range 1 means the Lower Range specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, and 
each reference in Valuation and Settlement Conditions 4.5(e) (Barrier, Upper Range and Lower 
Range) and (4.5(h) (Range Accrual Table) above to "Lower Range" shall be construed as a 
reference to "Lower Range 1". 
Lower Range 2 means the Lower Range specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, and 
each reference in Valuation and Settlement Conditions 4.5(e) (Barrier, Upper Range and Lower 
Range) and 4.5(h) (Range Accrual Table) above to "Lower Range" shall be construed as a 
reference to "Lower Range 2". 
Lower Range 3 means the Lower Range specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, and 
each reference in Valuation and Settlement Conditions 4.5(e) (Barrier, Upper Range and Lower 
Range) and 4.5(h) (Range Accrual Table) above to "Lower Range" shall be construed as a 
reference to "Lower Range 3". 
Max means, when followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, whichever is the greater of 
the amounts separated by a semi-colon inside those brackets. 
Min means, when followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, whichever is the lesser of 
the amounts separated by a semi-colon inside those brackets. 
RA Cap means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms provided that if 
the applicable Issue Terms specifies that the RA Cap is Not Applicable, the RA Cap shall be 
infinity. 
RA Floor means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms provided that 
if the applicable Issue Terms specifies that the RA Floor is Not Applicable, the RA Floor shall 
be zero. 
Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities means Securities specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
Range Accrual Table means the table specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 810 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
782 
 
Reference Observation has the meaning given in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5(c) 
(Determination of Reference Observation) above. 
Reference Observation 1 means the Reference Observation specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms, determined in accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5(c) 
(Determination of Reference Observation) as though each reference therein to "Reference 
Observation" was a reference to "Reference Observation 1". 
Reference Observation 2 means the Reference Observation specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms, determined in accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5(c) 
(Determination of Reference Observation) above as though each reference therein to "Reference 
Observation" was a reference to "Reference Observation 2". 
Reference Observation 3 means the Reference Observation specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms, determined in accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5(c) 
(Determination of Reference Observation) above. as though each reference therein to 
"Reference Observation" was a reference to "Reference Observation 3". 
Reference Observation Disrupted Day means, in respect of a Reference Observation, where 
the relevant Reference Observation is comprised of one or more Reference Rates, a Disrupted 
Day (as defined in Rate Condition 1) for any of the Reference Rates comprising such Reference 
Observation. 
Reference Observation Table means the table specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Scheduled Observation Date means, in respect of a Reference Observation where the relevant 
Reference Observation is comprised of one or more Reference Rates, a Scheduled Trading Day 
(as defined in Rate Condition 1) for all the Reference Rates comprising such Reference 
Observation. 
Specified Accrual Cut-Off Date means such number of calendar days or Accrual Business 
Days as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Upper Range has the meaning given in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.5(e) (Barrier, 
Upper Range and Lower Range). 
Upper Range 1 means the Upper Range specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, and 
each reference in Valuation and Settlement Conditions 4.5(e) (Barrier, Upper Range and Lower 
Range) and 4.5(h) (Range Accrual Table) above to "Upper Range" shall be construed as a 
reference to "Upper Range 1". 
Upper Range 2 means the Upper Range specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, and 
each reference in Valuation and Settlement Conditions 4.5(e) (Barrier, Upper Range and Lower 
Range) and 4.5(h) (Range Accrual Table) above to "Upper Range" shall be construed as a 
reference to "Upper Range 2". 
Upper Range 3 means the Upper Range specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, and 
each reference in Valuation and Settlement Conditions 4.5(e) )Barrier, Upper Range and Lower 
Range) and 4.5(h) (Range Accrual Table) above to "Upper Range" shall be construed as a 
reference to "Upper Range 3". 
4.6 
Definitions 
CMS Interest Rate means the rate of interest in respect of an Interest Period or any relevant 
day (including any Interest Payment Date) determined in accordance with Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 4.3 (Interest on CMS Rate Securities). 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any 
Security for any period of time, whether or not constituting an Interest Period (the Calculation 
Period):

--- Page 811 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
783 
 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of Fixed 
Rate Securities: 
(i) 
in the case of Securities where the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Calculation 
Period ends, the number of days in such Calculation Period divided by the product 
of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) that would occur 
in one calendar year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Securities where the Calculation Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Calculation Period ends, the sum of: 
(A) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Calculation Period begins divided by the product of 
(x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number 
of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that 
would occur in one calendar year; 
(b) 
if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any 
portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (x) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and 
(y) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-
leap year divided by 365); 
(c) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(d) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 or, in the case of a payment falling in a 
leap year, 366; 
(e) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(f) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of Fixed Rate Securities, 
the number of days in the Calculation Period (such number of days being calculated on 
the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360; 
(g) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in 
relation to Floating Rate Securities, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y 2 - Y1)] + [30 × (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1)
360
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;

--- Page 812 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
784 
 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(h) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 - Y1)] + [30 × (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1)
360
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number is 31, in which case D2 will be 
30; 
(i) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 - Y1)] + [30 × (M2 - M1)] + (D2 - D1)
360
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 
30; and

--- Page 813 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
785 
 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number is 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(j) 
if "RBA Bond Basis" or "Australian Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, one divided by the number of Interest Period End Dates in a year (or where the 
Calculation Period does not constitute an Interest Period, "Actual/Actual" as defined in 
sub paragraph (ii) above; 
(k) 
if 1/1 is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 1 
Determination Agent means the Calculation Agent or such other entity appointed by the Issuer 
and specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, or any successor or replacement entity 
appointed by the Issuer from time to time. 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement 
Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on 
the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, 
such date). 
Final Interest Period End Date means, for the purposes of calculating interest in respect of 
any Interest Period, the date the Interest Period End Date an Interest Period ends on but excludes. 
Fixed Interest Rate means the rate of interest applicable to Fixed Rate Securities in respect of 
an Interest Period determined in accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.1 
(Interest on Fixed Rate Securities). 
Floating Interest Rate means the rate of interest in respect of an Interest Period and/or any 
relevant day (including any Interest Payment Date) determined in accordance with Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Securities). 
Interest Commencement Date means the date of issue of the Securities (the Issue Date) or 
such other date as may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Interest Determination Date means the date specified as such in the Issue Terms or if none is 
so specified: 
(a) 
if the Reference Rate is LIBOR (other than Sterling or Euro LIBOR), the second day on 
which commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in London prior to the start of each Interest Period; 
(b) 
if the Reference Rate is Sterling LIBOR, the first day of each Interest Period; 
(c) 
if the Reference Rate is SONIA and (i) SONIA Floating Rate Determination (Non-Index 
Determination) is specified to be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the fifth day 
on which commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London prior to the end of each Interest 
Period, or (ii) SONIA Floating Rate Determination (Index Determination) is specified to 
be applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the day falling the Relevant Number of 
London Banking Days prior to the relevant Final Interest Period End Date; 
(d) 
if the Reference Rate is the SOFR and (i) Index Determination is specified to be 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the day falling the Relevant Number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day prior to the relevant Final Interest Period End Date, 
or (ii) Index Determination is specified to be not applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, 
the second U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior to the relevant Interest 
Payment Date; 
(e) 
if the Reference Rate is Euro LIBOR or EURIBOR, the second TARGET Business Day 
prior to the start of each Interest Period;

--- Page 814 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
786 
 
(f) 
if the Reference Rate is the Stockholm interbank offered rate (STIBOR), the second day 
on which commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Stockholm prior to the start of each Interest 
Period; 
(g) 
if the Reference Rate is the Norwegian interbank offered rate (NIBOR), the second day 
on which commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Oslo prior to the start of each Interest Period; 
(h) 
if the Reference Rate is the Copenhagen interbank offered rate (CIBOR), the first day of 
each Interest Period; 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is the Tokyo interbank offered rate (TIBOR), the second day on 
which commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in Tokyo prior to the start of each Interest Period; 
(j) 
if the Reference Rate is the Hong Kong interbank offered rate (HIBOR), the first day of 
each Interest Period; 
(k) 
if the Reference Rate is the Australian Bank Bill Swap Rate (BBSW), the first day of 
each Interest Period;  
(l) 
if the Reference Rate is the New Zealand Bank Bill reference rate (BKBM), the first day 
of each Interest Period;  
(m) 
if Daily Rate Determination is specified to be applicable in respect of a Reference Rate 
for any relevant day, the Interest Determination Date shall be such relevant day; or 
(n) 
if Periodic Rate Determination is specified to be applicable in respect of a Reference 
Rate for any Interest Period, the Interest Determination Date shall be any date specified 
as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Interest Period means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period End Date and each successive period 
beginning on (and including) an Interest Period End Date and ending on (but excluding) the 
next succeeding Interest Period End Date or the relevant payment date if the Securities are 
redeemed early other than on a scheduled date for redemption.  
Interest Period End Date means each date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, 
if none is so specified, each Interest Payment Date. 
Interest Rate means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Securities 
and which is either specified, or calculated in accordance with the provisions, herein or specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, and where more than one rate is so specified, the rate shall be that 
which is specified in respect of the relevant Interest Payment Date in the applicable Issue Terms. 
London Banking Day or LBD means any calendar day (other than a Saturday and Sunday) on 
which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in London. 
Margin means, in respect of any Interest Rate or Reference Rate (each a Relevant Rate) for a 
relevant day (including an Interest Payment Date) and/or for an Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) an Interest Period End Date, the percentage rate specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms in respect of such Relevant Rate for such day and/or such Interest Period, which 
shall be preceded with either a "+" (plus) or a "-" (minus) sign (provided that if the applicable 
Issue Terms specify Margin to be not applicable in respect of such Relevant Rate, it shall be 
deemed to be equal to zero), or if a Rate Table is set out in the applicable Issue Terms, each 
percentage rate specified in the Rate Table in the column entitled "Margin" (which shall be 
preceded with either a "+" (plus) or a "-" (minus) sign) in the row corresponding to such day or 
corresponding to the date (specified in the column "Interest Period End Date(s)") on which such 
Interest Period End Date is scheduled to fall. Where the applicable Issue Terms specify more 
than one Margin for different Relevant Rates, the Margin will be construed to apply to each

--- Page 815 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
787 
 
Relevant Rate for each relevant day (including an Interest Payment Date) and/or each Interest 
Period. 
Page means such display page as may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms for the purpose 
of providing a Reference Rate, or (i) any successor display page, other published source, 
information vendor or provider that has been officially designated by the sponsor of the original 
display page or (ii) if the sponsor has not officially designated a successor display page, other 
published source, information vendor or provider (as the case may be), the successor display 
page, other published source, information vendor or provider, if any, designated by the relevant 
information vendor or provider (if different from the sponsor). 
Rate Table means a table specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Reference Banks means (i) in the case of a determination of LIBOR, the principal London 
office of four major banks in the London interbank market; (ii) in the case of a determination of 
EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone interbank 
market; (iii) in the case of a determination of BBSW, the financial institutions authorised to 
quote on the Reuters Screen BBSW Page; (iv) in the case of a determination of BKBM, four 
major banks in the New Zealand money market and (v) in the case of a determination of a 
Reference Rate other than LIBOR, EURIBOR, BBSW or BKBM, the principal office in the 
Relevant Financial Centre of four major banks in the interbank market of the Relevant Financial 
Centre, in each case selected by the Calculation Agent or as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
Reference Rate means: (i) LIBOR, (ii) EURIBOR, (iii) STIBOR, (iv) NIBOR, (v) CIBOR, (vi) 
TIBOR, (vii) HIBOR, (viii) BBSW or (ix) BKBM, or (x) such other Reference Rate specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms in each case for the relevant period, as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
Reference Rate Interbank Market means the relevant market specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
Relevant Financial Centre means: (i) London, in the case of a determination of LIBOR, (ii) 
Brussels, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, (iii) Stockholm, in the case of a 
determination of STIBOR, (iv) Oslo, in the case of a determination of NIBOR, (v) Copenhagen, 
in the case of a determination of CIBOR, (vi) Tokyo, in the case of a determination of TIBOR, 
(vii) Hong Kong, in the case of a determination of HIBOR, (viii) Sydney, in the case of a 
determination of BBSW and (ix) Wellington, in the case of a determination of BKBM, or such 
other centre as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Specified Time means: (i) in the case of LIBOR, 11.00 a.m., (ii) in the case of EURIBOR, 11.00 
a.m., (iii) in the case of STIBOR, 11.00 a.m., (iv) in the case of NIBOR, 12.00 noon, (v) in the 
case of CIBOR, 11.00 a.m., (vi) in the case of TIBOR, 11.00 a.m., (vii) in the case of HIBOR, 
11.00 a.m., (viii) in the case of BBSW, 10.00 a.m. or (ix) in the case of BKBM, 11.00 a.m., in 
each case in the Relevant Financial Centre, or such other time as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
4.7 
Certificates and Notes – interpretation 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the Securities are Certificates, each reference in this Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 4 (Fixed Rate, Floating Rate, CMS Rate and Spread Rate Interest 
Amounts and Range Accrual (Expanded) Provisions) to "interest", "Interest Payment Date", 
"Interest Period", "Interest Rate" and "Interest Underlying" (and related expressions) shall be 
construed to be to, respectively, "coupon amount", "Coupon Payment Date", "Coupon Period", 
"Coupon Rate" and "Coupon Underlying". 
In the case of Notes, references to "Security" mean to "Note representing a principal amount 
thereof equal to the Calculation Amount". All related expressions herein or in the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement, any Global Registered Security Certificate and any Securities in definitive form 
shall be construed accordingly.

--- Page 816 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
788 
 
5. 
Physical Delivery Securities 
(a) 
This Condition will apply where the applicable Issue Terms specifies that the Securities are 
Physical Delivery Securities. If the applicable Issue Terms does not specify that the Securities 
are Physical Delivery Securities, then all references to the Entitlement in the General Conditions 
shall be disregarded. Where the Securities are Physical Delivery Securities and the Entitlement 
becomes deliverable pursuant to the Conditions:  
(i) 
Where Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Issuer shall, subject to the relevant Securityholder duly submitting an Asset 
Transfer Notice in accordance with the provisions hereof, deliver the Entitlement in 
respect of each Security through the Relevant Clearing System in accordance with the 
provisions hereof to the relevant Securityholder on the Maturity Date (or, if such date is 
not a Settlement Business Day, the immediately succeeding Settlement Business Day), 
subject as provided herein; or 
(ii) 
Where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Issuer shall pay the Equivalent Amounts to the Intermediary and, subject to 
the relevant Securityholder duly submitting an Asset Transfer Notice in accordance with 
the provisions hereof, the Issuer shall procure that the Intermediary (acting as principal) 
shall purchase the Entitlement Ratio at the Entitlement Price and shall deliver the 
Entitlement in respect of each Security through the Relevant Clearing System in 
accordance with the provisions hereof to the relevant Securityholder on the Maturity 
Date (or, if such date is not a Settlement Business Day, the immediately succeeding 
Settlement Business Day), subject as provided herein. Payment by the Issuer of the 
Equivalent Amounts to the Intermediary and procuring delivery of the Entitlement 
by the Intermediary shall fully discharge the Issuer's obligations in respect of the 
Securities. Whenever pursuant to the Conditions, the Intermediary is expressed to 
be making delivery to a holder, such holder will be deemed to have instructed the 
Intermediary as its agent to purchase the Relevant Assets comprising the 
Entitlement and make such delivery to it.  
THIS CONDITION ONLY APPLIES TO SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY A GLOBAL 
REGISTERED SECURITY CERTIFICATE HELD ON BEHALF OF EUROCLEAR AND 
CLEARSTREAM, LUXEMBOURG OR DTC. IF THE SECURITIES ARE ISSUED IN 
DEFINITIVE FORM THE ISSUER SHALL MAKE SUCH CHANGES TO THIS 
PROVISION AS IT DEEMS APPROPRIATE AND SHALL GIVE NOTICE TO THE 
HOLDERS IN ACCORDANCE WITH GENERAL CONDITION 15. 
(A) 
Asset Transfer Notices 
In order to obtain delivery of the Entitlement(s) in respect of any Security, the relevant 
holder must deliver a duly completed asset transfer notice (an Asset Transfer Notice) 
in the form set out in the Fiscal Agency Agreement (x) in respect of Securities cleared 
through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, with a copy to the Fiscal Agent and, where Settlement 
via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Intermediary, or (y) in respect of Securities cleared through DTC, to the Fiscal Agent 
and, where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Intermediary, not later than 10.00 a.m. (local time) on the date (the Cut-off 
Date) falling three Business Days prior to the Maturity Date (as defined below), in 
accordance with the provisions set out in this Condition. An Asset Transfer Notice may 
only be delivered to a Relevant Clearing System in such manner as is acceptable to such 
Relevant Clearing System, which (in the case of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg) is expected to be by authenticated SWIFT message.  
Notwithstanding that the Securities may in certain circumstances, be Cash Settled 
Securities, in order to receive the Entitlement on the Maturity Date (subject as 
provided in the Conditions), Securityholders should complete and deliver an Asset 
Transfer Notice in accordance with the Conditions in any event as it may not be 
known prior to the Cut-off Date whether the Securities will be cash settled or

--- Page 817 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
789 
 
whether the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Intermediary will deliver the 
Entitlement. 
Copies of the Asset Transfer Notice may be obtained during normal business hours from 
the specified office of each Paying Agent or the Registrar. 
The Asset Transfer Notice shall: 
(1) 
specify the name, address and contact telephone number of the relevant 
Securityholder and the person from whom the Issuer (where Settlement via 
Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the 
Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms) may obtain details for the delivery of the Entitlement if 
delivery is to be made otherwise than in the manner specified in this Valuation 
and Settlement Schedule; 
(2) 
specify the Series number of the Securities and the principal amount or number 
of the Securities which are the subject of such notice; 
(3) 
specify the number of the Securityholder's securities account at the Relevant 
Clearing System, as the case may be, to be debited with such Securities; 
(4) 
in respect of Securities cleared through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
irrevocably instruct the relevant clearing system to debit the relevant 
Securityholder's securities account with the relevant Securities on or before the 
Maturity Date; 
(5) 
include an undertaking to pay all Expenses and a confirmation that the delivery 
of the Entitlement is subject, inter alia, as provided herein and either (1) in respect 
of Securities cleared through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, an authority 
to the relevant clearing system to debit a specified account of the Securityholder 
with the applicable relevant clearing system in respect thereof and to pay such 
Expenses or (2) in respect of Securities cleared through any Relevant Clearing 
System, an authority to the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary (where 
Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms) either to deduct from any cash amount owing to the Securityholder an 
amount sufficient to pay such Expenses and to pay on behalf of the Securityholder 
such Expenses or to convert such amount of the Relevant Asset(s) due to be 
delivered to such Securityholder as is necessary to pay such Expenses and to pay 
on behalf of the Securityholder such Expenses, as referred to below, and a 
confirmation that delivery of any Entitlement is subject as provided below; 
(6) 
include details of the Securityholder's securities account of the Relevant Clearing 
System to be credited with the Entitlement and specify the name and number of 
the Securityholder's account with the Relevant Clearing System to be credited 
with any cash payable by the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary (where 
Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms), either in respect of any cash amount constituting (1) the Entitlement or 
any Fractional Entitlement (if applicable) or (2) any dividends relating to the 
Entitlement or (3) as a result of the occurrence of a Settlement Disruption Event 
and the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary (where Settlement via 
Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) electing to 
pay the Disruption Cash Redemption Amount or (4) as a result of the occurrence 
of a Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity and the Issuer (where Settlement via 
Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the 
Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms) electing to pay the Failure to Deliver Redemption 
Amount or (5) as a result of the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not

--- Page 818 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
790 
 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary (where 
Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms) electing to pay the Alternate Cash Redemption Amount; 
(7) 
certify either (i) in respect of Securities represented by a Regulation S Global 
Registered Security Certificate, that the beneficial owner of each Security the 
subject of the relevant Asset Transfer Notice is not a U.S. person (as defined in 
the Asset Transfer Notice), the Security is not being redeemed within the United 
States or on behalf of a U.S. person and no cash, securities or other property have 
been or will be delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, a U.S. person in connection with any redemption thereof or (ii) in 
respect of Notes represented by a Rule 144A Global Registered Security 
Certificate, that the beneficial owner of each Note the subject of the relevant Asset 
Transfer Notice is a QIB; and 
(8) 
authorise the production of such certification in any applicable administrative or 
legal proceedings, 
all as provided in the Fiscal Agency Agreement. 
In respect of Securities cleared through DTC, in addition to the submission of an Asset 
Transfer Notice as provided above, each Securityholder (i) may irrevocably instruct DTC 
to debit a specified account of the Securityholder with DTC in respect of any Expenses 
and (ii) shall irrevocably instruct DTC to debit the relevant Securityholder's securities 
account with the relevant Securities on or before the Maturity Date, in each case, in 
accordance with applicable DTC practice. 
As used above: 
Expenses means all costs, taxes, duties and/or expenses, including any applicable 
depositary charges, transaction or exercise charges, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax, 
issue, registration, securities transfer, withholding taxes or tax on income profits or gains 
and/or other costs, duties or taxes arising from the delivery of the Entitlement(s). 
Intermediary means the entity (if any) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
or, if no such entity is so specified and Settlement via Intermediary is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Calculation Agent. 
(B) 
Verification of the Holder and process to be followed by the Fiscal Agent on receipt of 
an Asset Transfer Notice 
Upon receipt of an Asset Transfer Notice, (x) in respect of Securities cleared through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, the relevant clearing system or (y) in respect of 
Securities cleared through DTC, the Fiscal Agent shall verify that the person specified 
therein as the accountholder is the holder of the Securities described therein according 
to its records. Subject thereto, in respect of Securities cleared through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, the relevant clearing system will confirm to the Fiscal Agent 
the Series number and principal amount or number of Securities the subject of such 
notice, the relevant account details and the details for the delivery of the Entitlement(s) 
in respect of each Security the subject of such notice. Upon receipt of such confirmation 
or, in respect of Securities cleared through DTC, upon receipt of an Asset Transfer 
Notice, the Fiscal Agent will inform the Issuer and, where Settlement via Intermediary 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Intermediary thereof. 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, as the case may be, will on or before the 
Maturity Date debit the securities account of the relevant Securityholder with the relevant 
Securities.  
(C) 
Determinations and Delivery 
Any determination as to whether an Asset Transfer Notice is duly completed and in 
proper form shall be made (x) in respect of Securities cleared through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, by the relevant clearing system in consultation with the Fiscal

--- Page 819 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
791 
 
Agent and, where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the Intermediary or (y) in respect of Securities cleared through DTC, by the 
Fiscal Agent and, where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Intermediary, and shall be conclusive and binding on the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) and the relevant Securityholder. Subject as 
set out below, any Asset Transfer Notice so determined to be incomplete or not in proper 
form, or, in respect of Securities cleared through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
which is not copied to the Fiscal Agent and, where Settlement via Intermediary is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Intermediary immediately after 
being delivered or sent to the relevant clearing system, as provided in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 5(a) above, shall be null and void. 
If such Asset Transfer Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of (x) in 
respect of Securities cleared through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, the relevant 
clearing system in consultation with the Fiscal Agent and, where Settlement via 
Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Intermediary 
or (y) in respect of Securities cleared through DTC, the Fiscal Agent and, where 
Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Intermediary, it shall be deemed to be a new Asset Transfer Notice submitted at the time 
such correction was delivered (x) in respect of Securities cleared through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, to the relevant clearing system and the Fiscal Agent and, 
where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Intermediary or (y) in respect of Securities cleared through DTC, to the Fiscal 
Agent and, where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the Intermediary. 
The Fiscal Agent or, where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Intermediary shall use reasonable endeavours promptly to 
notify the Securityholder submitting an Asset Transfer Notice, if it has been determined, 
as provided above, that such Asset Transfer Notice is incomplete or not in proper form. 
In the absence of negligence or wilful misconduct on its part, none of the Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor, the Paying Agents, the Agents, the 
Calculation Agent, the Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) and the Relevant Clearing System shall be 
liable to any person with respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in 
connection with such determination or the notification of such determination to a 
Securityholder. 
No Asset Transfer Notice may be withdrawn after receipt thereof by the Relevant 
Clearing System (where applicable) or the Fiscal Agent or the Intermediary, as the case 
may be, as provided above. After delivery of an Asset Transfer Notice, the relevant 
Securityholder may not transfer the Securities which are the subject of such notice. 
Subject as provided herein and subject to the payment of any Expenses, the Entitlement 
will be delivered at the risk of the relevant Securityholder, in the manner provided below 
on the Maturity Date (such date, subject to adjustment in accordance with this Condition, 
the Delivery Date), PROVIDED THAT the Asset Transfer Notice is duly delivered (x) 
in respect of Securities cleared through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to the 
relevant clearing system with a copy to the Fiscal Agent and where Settlement via 
Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the Intermediary; 
(y) in respect of Securities cleared through DTC, to the Fiscal Agent and, where 
Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Intermediary, as provided above on or prior to the Cut-off Date. 
If a Securityholder fails to give an Asset Transfer Notice, as provided herein on or prior 
to the Cut-off Date, then the Entitlement will be delivered as soon as practicable after the 
Maturity Date (in which case, such date of delivery shall be the Delivery Date) at the risk 
of such Securityholder in the manner provided below. For the avoidance of doubt, in 
such circumstances such Securityholder shall not be entitled to any payment, whether of

--- Page 820 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
792 
 
interest or otherwise, as a result of such Delivery Date falling after the Maturity Date and 
no liability in respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer or the Intermediary (if any). 
If a Securityholder fails to give an Asset Transfer Notice as provided herein on or 
prior to the date falling 180 days after the Cut-off Date, then the Issuer's and any 
Intermediary's obligations in respect of the Securities held by such Securityholder 
for which no Asset Transfer Notice has been given shall be discharged and the 
Issuer and the Intermediary (if any) shall have no further liability in respect 
thereof. 
The Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) shall, at the risk of the relevant 
Securityholder, deliver or procure the delivery of the Entitlement for each Security, 
pursuant to the details specified in the Asset Transfer Notice or in such commercially 
reasonable manner as the Calculation Agent shall determine and notify to the person 
designated by the Securityholder in the relevant Asset Transfer Notice. All Expenses 
arising from the delivery of the Entitlement in respect of such Securities shall be for the 
account of the relevant Securityholder and no delivery of the Entitlement shall be made 
until all Expenses have been paid to the satisfaction of the Issuer (where Settlement via 
Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the 
Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms) by the relevant Securityholder. Any such Expenses shall either 
be: 
(1) 
paid to the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary (where Settlement via 
Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) by such 
Securityholder prior to the delivery of the Entitlement; or 
(2) 
deducted by the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary (where Settlement 
via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) from 
any cash amount owing to such Securityholder and paid by the Issuer (where 
Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms) or the Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) on behalf of the Securityholder or paid 
by the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as applicable in 
the applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary (where Settlement via 
Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) on behalf 
of such Securityholder by converting such amount of the Relevant Assets due to 
be delivered as necessary to pay the Expenses, 
as specified by the Securityholder in the relevant Asset Transfer Notice. 
If any Expenses are not paid by a Securityholder pursuant to the above, the relevant 
Securityholder shall be deemed to authorise the Issuer (where Settlement via 
Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the 
Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms) to convert and the Issuer or the Intermediary, as applicable, may 
convert such amount of the Relevant Assets due to be delivered into cash sufficient to 
cover the Expenses in respect of the relevant Security from which the Issuer (where 
Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) 
or the Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms) shall deduct such Expenses. The Issuer's and, where Settlement 
via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Intermediary's obligations in respect of each Security will be satisfied in relation to the 
Maturity Date by delivery of the remaining Entitlement in respect of such Security. 
All deliveries will be subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws and regulations 
applicable thereto in the place of delivery.

--- Page 821 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
793 
 
(D) 
General 
Subject as provided below, Securities held by the same Securityholder will be aggregated 
for the purpose of determining the aggregate Entitlements in respect of such Securities, 
PROVIDED THAT the aggregate Entitlements in respect of the same Securityholder 
will be rounded down to the nearest whole Tradeable Amount of the Relevant Asset or 
each of the Relevant Assets, as the case may be, in such manner as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine. If the applicable Issue Terms specifies that Aggregation of Entitlements 
does not apply, the Entitlement in respect of each Security will be rounded down to the 
nearest whole multiple of the Tradeable Amount (as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms) of the Relevant Asset or each of the Relevant Assets, as the case may be, in such 
manner as the Calculation Agent shall determine. 
Therefore, fractions or numbers of the Relevant Asset or of each of the Relevant Assets, 
as the case may be, less than the relevant Tradeable Amount (the Fractional 
Entitlement) will not be delivered and no cash or other adjustment will be made in 
respect thereof unless "Cash Adjustment" is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms. If "Cash Adjustment" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) shall pay to the relevant 
Securityholder a cash amount in the Specified Currency (to be paid at the same time as 
delivery of the Entitlement) equal to the value (as determined by the Calculation Agent) 
of such Fractional Entitlement, calculated by reference to the Final Reference Level of 
the Entitlement Underlying (converted into the Specified Currency (being, in the case of 
Dual Currency Securities, the Denomination Currency) where relevant by dividing the 
Final Reference Level of the Entitlement Underlying by the applicable FX). 
Following the Delivery Date in respect of a Security where the Entitlement(s) includes 
securities, all dividends and/or other distributions on the relevant securities to be 
delivered will be payable to the party that would receive such dividend or distribution 
according to market practice for a sale of the relevant securities executed on the Delivery 
Date and to be delivered in the same manner as such relevant securities. Any such 
dividends or distributions to be paid to a Securityholder will be paid to the account 
specified by the Securityholder in the relevant Asset Transfer Notice as referred to above. 
If any Entitlement is delivered later than the date on which delivery would otherwise 
have taken place as provided herein, the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary (where 
Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or 
any person acting on behalf such relevant entity shall continue to be the legal owner of 
the assets comprising the Entitlement (the Intervening Period). None of the Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor, any Intermediary or any other person shall 
at any time (A) be under any obligation to deliver or procure delivery to any 
Securityholder any letter, certificate, notice, circular or any other document or, except as 
provided herein, any payment whatsoever received by that person in its capacity as the 
holder of such assets, (B) be under any obligation to exercise or procure exercise of any 
or all rights attaching to such assets or (C) be under any liability to a Securityholder in 
respect of any loss or damage which such Securityholder may sustain or suffer as a result, 
whether directly or indirectly, of that person being registered during such Intervening 
Period as legal owner of such assets. 
None of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor, any Intermediary, 
the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Agents shall under any circumstances 
be liable for any acts or defaults of any Relevant Clearing System in relation to the 
performance of its duties in relation to the Securities. 
(E) 
Settlement Disruption 
If, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, delivery of the Entitlement using the Delivery 
Method specified in this Valuation and Settlement Schedule or such other commercially

--- Page 822 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
794 
 
reasonable manner as the Calculation Agent has determined is not practicable by reason 
of a Settlement Disruption Event subsisting on the Maturity Date, then the Delivery Date 
shall be postponed to the first following Settlement Business Day in respect of which 
there is no such Settlement Disruption Event, PROVIDED THAT the Issuer (where 
Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) 
or the Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms) may elect to deliver the Entitlement using such other 
commercially reasonable manner as it may select and in such event the Delivery Date 
shall be such day as the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary (where Settlement via 
Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) deems appropriate 
in connection with delivery of the Entitlement in such other commercially reasonable 
manner. For the avoidance of doubt, where a Settlement Disruption Event affects some 
but not all of the Relevant Assets comprising the Entitlement, the Delivery Date for the 
Relevant Assets not affected by the Settlement Disruption Event will be the originally 
designated Delivery Date. For so long as delivery of the Entitlement is not practicable 
by reason of a Settlement Disruption Event, then in lieu of physical settlement and 
notwithstanding any other provision hereof the Issuer (where Settlement via 
Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the 
Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms) may elect, in lieu of delivering the Entitlement to pay to the 
relevant Securityholder the Disruption Cash Redemption Amount on the fifth Business 
Day following the date that notice of such election is given to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). Payment of the Disruption Cash 
Redemption Amount will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). The Calculation 
Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in accordance with 
General Condition 15 (Notices) that a Settlement Disruption Event has occurred. No 
Securityholder shall be entitled to any payment in respect of the relevant Security in the 
event of any delay in the delivery of the Entitlement due to the occurrence of a Settlement 
Disruption Event and no liability in respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer or any 
Intermediary.  
For the purposes hereof: 
Disruption Cash Redemption Amount, in respect of any relevant Security, means the 
fair market value of such Security on a day selected by the Issuer (where Settlement via 
Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the 
Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms) (taking into account, where the Settlement Disruption Event 
affected some but not all of the Relevant Assets comprising the Entitlement and such 
non-affected Relevant Assets have been duly delivered as provided above, the value of 
such Relevant Assets), less, except in the case of Italian Listed Certificates, the cost of 
unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
Settlement Business Day, in respect of each Security, means a day which is a Business 
Day and a day on which the Relevant Clearing System is open; and 
Settlement Disruption Event means, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, an event 
beyond the control of the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary (where Settlement via 
Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) as a result of which 
the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) cannot make delivery of the 
Relevant Asset(s) using the Delivery Method specified in this Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule.  
(F) 
Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity

--- Page 823 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
795 
 
If "Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms and in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, it is impossible or impracticable to 
deliver, when due, some or all of the Relevant Assets (the Affected Relevant Assets) 
comprising the Entitlement, where such failure to deliver is due to illiquidity in the 
market for the Relevant Assets (a Failure to Deliver), then: 
(1) 
subject as provided elsewhere in the Conditions, any Relevant Assets which are 
not Affected Relevant Assets, will be delivered on the originally designated 
Maturity Date in accordance with this Condition; and 
(2) 
in respect of any Affected Relevant Assets, in lieu of physical settlement and 
notwithstanding any other provision hereof, the Issuer (where Settlement via 
Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the 
Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms) may elect, in lieu of delivering the Affected Relevant 
Assets, to pay to the relevant Securityholder the Failure to Deliver Redemption 
Amount on the fifth Business Day following the date that notice of such election 
is given to the Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 15 
(Notices). Payment of the Failure to Deliver Redemption Amount will be made 
in such manner as shall be notified to the Securityholders in accordance with 
General Condition 15 (Notices). The Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is 
not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary 
(where Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms) shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Securityholders in 
accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices) that the provisions of this 
Valuation and Settlement Condition apply. 
For the purposes hereof, "Failure to Deliver Redemption Amount" in respect of any 
relevant Security shall be the fair market value of the Affected Relevant Assets on a day 
selected by the Calculation Agent, less, except in the case of Italian Listed Certificates, 
the cost of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent (acting in its sole and absolute discretion). 
(b) 
Issuer's or Intermediary's Option to Substitute Assets or to pay the Alternate Cash 
Redemption Amount 
The Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary is not specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary (where Settlement via Intermediary is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) may, in respect of Physical 
Delivery Securities, if the Calculation Agent determines that the Relevant Asset or 
Relevant Assets, as the case may be, comprises securities which are not freely tradeable 
and deliverable, elect either (i) to substitute for the Entitlement (or part thereof), an 
equivalent value (as determined by the Calculation Agent) of such other securities which 
the Calculation Agent determines are freely tradeable (each a Substitute Asset) or (ii) 
not to deliver the Entitlement or any Substitute Asset, as the case may be, to the relevant 
Securityholders, but in lieu thereof to make payment to each relevant Securityholder on 
the Maturity Date of an amount equal to the fair market value of the Entitlement (or part 
thereof) as determined by the Calculation Agent at such time and by reference to such 
sources as it considers appropriate (the Alternate Cash Redemption Amount). 
Notification of any such election will be given to Securityholders in accordance with 
General Condition 15 (Notices). 
For purposes hereof, a "freely tradeable" and deliverable security shall mean (i) with 
respect to the United States, a security which is registered under the United States 
Securities Act of 1993, as amended (the Securities Act) or not restricted under the 
Securities Act and which is not purchased from the issuer of such security and not 
purchased from an affiliate of the issuer of such security or which otherwise meets the 
requirements of a freely tradeable security for purposes of the Securities Act, in each 
case, as determined by the Calculation Agent or (ii) with respect to any jurisdiction, a 
security not subject to any other legal or regulatory restrictions on transfer in such 
jurisdiction.

--- Page 824 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
796 
 
(c) 
Rights of Securityholders 
The purchase of Securities does not confer on any holder of such Securities any rights 
(whether in respect of voting, distributions or otherwise) attaching to any Relevant Asset. 
(d) 
Issuer or Intermediary Option to Vary Settlement in respect of Physical Delivery 
Securities 
In respect of Physical Delivery Securities, the Issuer (where Settlement via Intermediary 
is not specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) or the Intermediary (where 
Settlement via Intermediary is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms) 
may, elect not to deliver or procure delivery of the Entitlement to the relevant 
Securityholders but in lieu thereof to make payment on the Maturity Date to the relevant 
Securityholders of an amount in respect of each Security equal to the fair market value 
of the Entitlement as determined by the Calculation Agent at such time and by reference 
to such sources as it considers appropriate. Notification of such election will be given to 
Securityholders in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
6. 
Dual Currency Security Provisions  
Where the Securities are Dual Currency Securities, then in order to determine amounts payable 
or assets deliverable in respect of the Securities, the Calculation Agent shall: 
(a) 
in respect of any payments in respect of the Securities, convert the relevant payment 
amount (as otherwise determined in accordance with the provisions of the General 
Conditions, this Valuation and Settlement Schedule and/or the applicable Issue Terms) 
from the Denomination Currency into the Relevant Currency by multiplying such 
amount by the Dual Currency Exchange Rate for the Valuation Date or, if more than one, 
the last occurring Valuation Date, relating to the date on which such payment is to be 
made; or 
(b) 
in order to determine any cash amounts due in respect of Physical Delivery Securities, 
convert any such cash amounts due from the Denomination Currency into the Relevant 
Currency by multiplying such amount by the Dual Currency Exchange Rate for the 
Valuation Date relating to the date on which such delivery is to be made. 
Where: 
Denomination Currency means the currency of the Security, as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
Dual Currency Exchange Rate means any Underlying which is an FX Rate and as is 
designated as the Dual Currency Exchange Rate for the relevant payment and/or delivery in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
Relevant Currency means the currency in respect of payments and/or deliveries, as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
7. 
Reference Rate Event Provisions 
This Valuation and Settlement Condition 7 shall apply in the circumstances specified in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 9. 
7.1 
Reference Rate Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, if the Calculation Agent or 
Determination Agent (as applicable) determines that a Reference Rate Event has occurred in 
respect of a Reference Rate, the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) will:  
(i) 
seek to identify a Replacement Reference Rate in respect of the Reference Rate; and 
(ii) 
if it identifies a Replacement Reference Rate in respect of the Reference Rate:

--- Page 825 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
797 
 
(a) 
calculate an Adjustment Spread that will be applied to the Replacement Reference 
Rate;  
(b) 
determine such other amendments to the Securities which it considers are 
necessary and/or appropriate in order to account for the effect of the replacement 
of the Reference Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate (as adjusted by the 
Adjustment Spread); and 
(c) 
determine the timing for when the Replacement Reference Rate, Adjustment 
Spread and such other adjustments will become effective in relation to the 
relevant Securities,  
PROVIDED THAT, if the relevant Reference Rate Event has occurred in respect of limb (i)(A) 
of the definition of Reference Rate Event (a Material Change Event Trigger), as an alternative 
to the procedure described in sub-paragraphs (i) and (ii) above, the Calculation Agent or 
Determination Agent (as applicable) may instead: (A) determine that no Replacement Reference 
Rate or other amendments to the terms of the Securities are required as a result of such material 
change (such determination being a No Material Change Adjustment Determination); or (B) 
make such adjustment(s) to the terms of the Securities as it determines necessary or appropriate 
to account for the effect of such material change (the Material Change Adjustments). 
In either such case, the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) shall notify 
the Issuer of any determination made by it in accordance with the above and the action that it 
proposes to take in respect of any such determination. The Issuer shall notify the Securityholders 
thereof as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter in accordance with General Condition 15 
(Notices). Failure by the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) to notify the 
Issuer or failure by the Issuer to notify the Securityholders of any such determination will not 
affect the validity of any such determination. 
Where "Reference Rate Early Redemption" is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms and if: 
(1) 
with respect to a Material Change Event Trigger, the Calculation Agent or Determination 
Agent (as applicable) has not made a No Material Change Adjustment Determination 
and the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) determines that it is 
not possible or commercially reasonable to determine any Material Change Adjustments; 
or 
(2) 
the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) determines that it is not 
possible or commercially reasonable to identify a Replacement Reference Rate; or 
(3) 
the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) determines that it is not 
possible or commercially reasonable to calculate an Adjustment Spread, 
the Issuer may redeem the Securities on a day selected by the Issuer, in which case each Security 
shall be redeemed by payment of an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount and the 
Issuer shall notify the Securityholders thereof as soon as reasonably practicable in accordance 
with General Condition 15 (Notices). 
7.2 
Interim Adjustments 
If, following a Reference Rate Event but prior to any replacement or amendment having become 
effective pursuant to Valuation and Settlement Condition 7.1 above, the relevant Reference Rate 
is required for any determination in respect of the Securities and at that time, no replacement or 
amendments have occurred in accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 7.1 and: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is still available, and it is still permitted under applicable law or 
regulation for the Securities to reference the Reference Rate and for the Issuer and/or the 
Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) to use the Reference Rate to 
perform its or their respective obligations under the Securities, the level of the Reference 
Rate shall be determined pursuant to the terms that would apply to the determination of 
the Reference Rate as if no Reference Rate Event had occurred; or

--- Page 826 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
798 
 
(ii) 
if the Reference Rate is no longer available or it is no longer permitted under applicable 
law or regulation applicable to the Issuer and/or to the Calculation Agent or 
Determination Agent (as applicable) for the Securities to reference the Reference Rate 
or for any such entity to use the Reference Rate to perform its or their respective 
obligations under the Securities, the level of the Reference Rate shall be determined by 
the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) in its sole and absolute 
discretion, after consulting any source it deems to be reasonable, as (a) a substitute or 
successor rate that it has determined is the industry-accepted (in the derivatives market) 
substitute or successor rate for the relevant Reference Rate or (b) if it determines there is 
no such industry-accepted (in the derivatives market) substitute or successor rate, a 
substitute or successor rate that it determines is a commercially reasonable alternative to 
the Reference Rate, taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related 
market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market). If such Reference Rate is 
determined as any such substituted or successor rate, the Calculation Agent or 
Determination Agent (as applicable) may determine such other amendments to the 
Securities which it considers are necessary and/or appropriate in order to reflect the 
replacement of the Reference Rate with such substituted or successor rate. 
(iii) 
The Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) shall notify the Issuer of 
any determination made by it in accordance with the above and the action that it proposes 
to take in respect of any such determination. The Issuer shall notify the Securityholders 
thereof as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter in accordance with General 
Condition 15. Failure by the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) 
to notify the Issuer or failure by the Issuer to notify the Securityholders of any such 
determination will not affect the validity of any such determination. 
7.3 
Certain Defined Terms 
For the purposes of the above: 
Adjustment Spread means the adjustment, if any, to a Replacement Reference Rate that the 
Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) determines is required in order to 
reduce any transfer of economic value from (i) the Issuer to the Securityholders or (ii) the 
Securityholders to the Issuer, in each case that would otherwise arise as a result of the 
replacement of the Reference Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate. Any such adjustment 
may take account of, without limitation, any anticipated transfer of economic value as a result 
of any difference in the term structure or tenor of the Replacement Reference Rate by 
comparison to the Reference Rate. The Adjustment Spread may be positive, negative or zero 
and/or determined pursuant to a formula or methodology. 
Corresponding Tenor with respect to a Replacement Reference Rate means a tenor (including 
overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as the 
applicable tenor for the then-current Reference Rate. 
Interpolated Reference Rate with respect to the Reference Rate means the rate determined for 
the Corresponding Tenor by interpolating on a linear basis between: (1) the Reference Rate for 
the longest period for which the Reference Rate is available that is shorter than the 
Corresponding Tenor and (2) the Reference Rate for the shortest period for which the Reference 
Rate is available that is longer than the Corresponding Tenor. 
Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate means, in respect of the relevant Reference 
Rate, the first of the indices, benchmarks or other price sources or rates specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms that is not subject to a Reference Rate Event. 
Reference Rate Event means:  
(i) 
the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) determines that (A) a 
material change in the relevant Reference Rate has occurred or will occur, (B) or the 
permanent or indefinite cancellation or cessation in the provision of such Reference Rate 
has occurred or will occur, or (C) a regulator or other official sector entity has prohibited 
or will prohibit the use of such Reference Rate in respect of the Securities;

--- Page 827 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
799 
 
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) determines that any 
authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or 
inclusion in any official register in respect of the relevant Reference Rate or the 
administrator or sponsor of the relevant Reference Rate has not been, or will not be, 
obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the 
relevant competent authority or other relevant official body, in each case with the effect 
that the Issuer or the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) or any 
other entity is not, or will not be, permitted under any applicable law or regulation to use 
the relevant Reference Rate to perform its or their respective obligations under the 
Securities; 
(iii) 
save where the relevant Issue Terms specify that "Reference Rate Event (Limb (iii))" is 
not applicable, the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) determines 
that it is not commercially reasonable to continue the use of the relevant Reference Rate 
in connection with the Securities as a result of any applicable licensing restrictions or 
changes in the cost of obtaining or maintaining any relevant licence (including, without 
limitation, where the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as 
applicable) or any other entity is required to hold a valid licence in order to issue or 
perform its obligations in respect of the Securities and for any reason such licence is 
either not obtained, not renewed or is revoked or there is a material change in the cost of 
obtaining or renewing such licence); or 
(iv) 
the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) determines that there has 
been a formal public statement or publication of information by the supervisor of the 
administrator or sponsor of the relevant Reference Rate, the central bank for the currency 
of the Reference Rate or another official body with applicable responsibility announcing 
that such Reference Rate is no longer representative, or as of a specified future date will 
no longer be capable of being representative, of any relevant underlying market(s) or 
economic reality that such Reference Rate is intended to measure.  
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a Reference Rate: (i) the central bank for the 
currency in which the Reference Rate is denominated or any central bank or other supervisor 
which is responsible for supervising either the Reference Rate or the administrator of the 
Reference Rate; or (ii) any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (a) 
the central bank for the currency in which the Reference Rate is denominated, (b) any central 
bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either the Reference Rate or the 
administrator of the Reference Rate, (c) a group of those central banks or other supervisors, or 
(d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
Replacement Reference Rate means, in respect of a Reference Rate, an index, benchmark or 
other price source or rate that the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) 
determines to be a commercially reasonable alternative for such Reference Rate, PROVIDED 
THAT the Replacement Reference Rate must be: 
(i) 
the Interpolated Reference Rate with respect to the then-current Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
if it is not possible or commercially reasonable for the Calculation Agent or 
Determination Agent (as applicable) to determine such Interpolated Reference Rate, a 
Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate; or 
(iii) 
if there is no Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate, an index, benchmark or other 
price source or rate (which may be formally designated, nominated or recommended by 
(a) any Relevant Nominating Body or (b) the administrator or sponsor of the Reference 
Rate (PROVIDED THAT such index, benchmark or other price source or rate is 
substantially the same as the Reference Rate) to replace the Reference Rate) which is 
recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard replacement for over-the-
counter derivative transactions which reference such Reference Rate (which recognition 
or acknowledgment may be in the form of a press release, a member announcement, 
member advice, letter, protocol, publication of standard terms or otherwise by ISDA). 
8. 
USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions

--- Page 828 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
800 
 
This Valuation and Settlement Condition 8 (USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions) shall apply in 
the circumstances specified in Valuation and Settlement Condition 9. 
8.1 
USD LIBOR Benchmark Transition Event 
Notwithstanding any other provision to the contrary in the Conditions, if the Calculation Agent 
or Determination Agent determines on or prior to any relevant Interest Determination Date or 
other date on which USD LIBOR of the relevant tenor is required to be determined under the 
terms of the Securities that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date (each, as defined below) have occurred with respect to a USD Benchmark, 
then (subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 8.3) the provisions set forth in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 8.2 below (the Benchmark Transition Provisions) will 
apply. 
8.2 
Effect of Benchmark Transition Event 
Benchmark Replacement: If the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent determines that a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior 
to the Reference Time in respect of any determination of the USD Benchmark on any date, then, 
subject as provided in Valuation and Settlement Condition 8.3, the Benchmark Replacement 
will replace the then-current USD Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Securities in 
respect of such determination on such date and all determinations on all subsequent dates 
(including without limitation, the determination of any Interest Rate or amount payable or 
deliverable in respect of the Securities determined by reference to the then current USD 
Benchmark). 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes: In connection with the implementation of a 
Benchmark Replacement, the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent will have the right to 
make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time. 
Decisions and Determinations: Any determination, decision or election that may be made by 
the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent pursuant to the Benchmark Transition Provisions 
described herein, including, without limitation, any determination with respect to tenor, rate or 
adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any 
decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding 
absent manifest error, will be made in the sole discretion of the Calculation Agent or 
Determination Agent, and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, shall 
become effective without consent from the Securityholders or any other party. 
Notification of Securityholders: Following any such determination, decision or election, the 
Calculation Agent or Determination Agent shall notify the Issuer of any determination made by 
it in accordance with the above and the action that it proposes to take in respect of any such 
determination, decision or election. The Issuer shall notify the Securityholders thereof as soon 
as reasonably practicable thereafter in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). Failure 
by the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent to notify the Issuer or failure by the Issuer to 
notify the Securityholders of any such determination will not affect the validity of any such 
determination.  
8.3 
Interim Adjustments 
If, following a Benchmark Transition Event but prior to any replacement or adjustments having 
occurred pursuant to Valuation and Settlement Condition 8.2, a USD Benchmark is required for 
any determination in respect of the Securities and, at the time of the relevant determination, a 
Benchmark Replacement and any Benchmark Replacement Adjustment have not been 
determined and relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes have not been made in 
accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 8.2 and: 
(a) 
if such USD Benchmark is still available, and it is still permitted under applicable law or 
regulation for the Securities to reference such USD Benchmark and for the Issuer and/or 
the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent to use such USD Benchmark to perform 
its or their respective obligations under the Securities, such USD Benchmark shall be

--- Page 829 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
801 
 
determined pursuant to the terms that would apply to the determination of such USD 
Benchmark as if no Benchmark Transition Event had occurred; or 
(b) 
if such USD Benchmark is no longer available or it is no longer permitted under 
applicable law or regulation applicable to the Issuer and/or to the Calculation Agent or 
Determination Agent for the Securities to reference such USD Benchmark or for any 
such entity to use such USD Benchmark to perform its or their respective obligations 
under the Securities, such USD Benchmark shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
or Determination Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, after consulting any source it 
deems to be reasonable, as (a) a substitute or successor rate that it has determined is the 
industry-accepted (in the derivatives market) substitute or successor rate for USD 
LIBOR of the relevant tenor or (b) if it determines there is no such industry-accepted (in 
the derivatives market) substitute or successor rate, a substitute or successor rate that it 
determines is a commercially reasonable alternative to such USD Benchmark, taking into 
account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without 
limitation, the derivatives market). If such USD Benchmark is determined as any such 
substituted or successor rate, the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent may make 
such other amendments to the Securities which it considers are necessary and/or 
appropriate to reflect the adoption of such substituted or successor rate.  
The Calculation Agent or Determination Agent shall notify the Issuer of any determination made 
by it in accordance with the above and the action that it proposes to take in respect of any such 
determination. The Issuer shall notify the Securityholders thereof as soon as reasonably 
practicable thereafter in accordance with General Condition 15 (Notices). Failure by the 
Calculation Agent or Determination Agent to notify the Issuer or failure by the Issuer to notify 
the Securityholders of any such determination will not affect the validity of any such 
determination. 
8.4 
Certain Defined Terms 
As used in this Valuation and Settlement Condition 8 (USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions): 
Benchmark Replacement means the Interpolated Benchmark with respect to the then-current 
USD Benchmark, plus the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment for such USD Benchmark; 
PROVIDED THAT if the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent cannot determine the 
Interpolated Benchmark as of the Benchmark Replacement Date, then "Benchmark 
Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by 
the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(1) 
the sum of: (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(2) 
the sum of: (a) Term SOFR and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(3) 
the sum of: (a) Compounded SOFR and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(4) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended by 
the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current USD 
Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor and (b) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; 
(5) 
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Calculation 
Agent or Determination Agent as the replacement for the then-current USD Benchmark 
for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current USD Benchmark for U.S. 
dollar-denominated floating rate securities at such time and (b) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment. 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means the first alternative set forth in the order below 
that can be determined by the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date:

--- Page 830 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
802 
 
(1) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback 
Rate, then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
(2) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, 
(which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement;  
(3) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected by the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent giving due consideration to 
any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such 
spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current USD Benchmark with the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating 
rate securities at such time. 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including without 
limitation, changes to determination dates, the timing and frequency of determining rates and 
making payments, rounding of amounts or tenors, the introduction of any time delay or lag 
between the calculation or observation period of a rate and the related payment dates and other 
administrative matters) that the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent decides may be 
appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially 
consistent with market practice (or, if the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent decides 
that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the 
Calculation Agent or Determination Agent determines that no market practice for use of the 
Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Calculation Agent or 
Determination Agent determines is reasonably necessary). 
Benchmark Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect 
to the then-current USD Benchmark: 
(1) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (1) or (2) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event", 
the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the USD Benchmark permanently 
or indefinitely ceases to provide the USD Benchmark; or 
(2) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (3) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event", the 
later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein and (b) the date on which the USD Benchmark ceases to be representative by 
reference to the most recent public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein or, if earlier, the date the USD Benchmark is no longer provided. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs 
on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the 
Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for 
such determination. 
Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events 
with respect to the then-current USD Benchmark: 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of 
the USD Benchmark announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to 
provide the USD Benchmark, permanently or indefinitely, PROVIDED THAT, at the 
time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the USD Benchmark; 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the USD Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of the USD 
Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the USD 
Benchmark, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the USD 
Benchmark or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over

--- Page 831 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
803 
 
the administrator for the USD Benchmark, which states that the administrator of the USD 
Benchmark has ceased or will cease to provide the USD Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely, PROVIDED THAT, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the USD Benchmark; or 
(3) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the USD Benchmark announcing that the USD Benchmark is no longer 
representative, or as of a specified future date will no longer be capable of being 
representative, of any relevant underlying market(s) or economic reality that such USD 
Benchmark is intended to measure. 
Compounded SOFR means the compounded average of SOFRs for the applicable 
Corresponding Tenor, with the rate, or methodology for this rate, and conventions for this rate 
being established by the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent in accordance with: 
(1) 
the rate, or methodology for this rate, and conventions for this rate selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for determining compounded SOFR; 
PROVIDED THAT: 
(2) 
if, and to the extent that, the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent determines that 
Compounded SOFR cannot be determined in accordance with the previous sub-
paragraph then the rate, or methodology for this rate, and conventions for this rate that 
have been selected by the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted market practice for U.S. dollar-denominated 
floating rate securities at such time. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the calculation of Compounded SOFR shall exclude the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment. 
Corresponding Tenor with respect to a Benchmark Replacement means a tenor (including 
overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as the 
applicable tenor for the then-current USD Benchmark. 
Interpolated Benchmark with respect to the USD Benchmark means the rate determined for 
the Corresponding Tenor by interpolating on a linear basis between: (1) the USD Benchmark 
for the longest period for which the USD Benchmark is available that is shorter than the 
Corresponding Tenor and (2) the USD Benchmark for the shortest period for which the USD 
Benchmark is available that is longer than the Corresponding Tenor.  
ISDA Fallback Adjustment means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative 
value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the Relevant ISDA 
Definitions to be determined in relation to the occurrence of an index cessation event with 
respect to the USD Benchmark for the applicable tenor. 
ISDA Fallback Rate means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing 
the Relevant ISDA Definitions to be effective in relation to the occurrence of an index cessation 
event with respect to the USD Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment. 
NY Federal Reserve means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
NY Federal Reserve's Website means the website of the NY Federal Reserve at 
http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source. 
Reference Time with respect to any determination of the USD Benchmark means (1) if the 
USD Benchmark is USD LIBOR, 11:00 a.m. (London time) on the date of such determination, 
and (2) if the USD Benchmark is not USD LIBOR, the time determined by the Calculation 
Agent or Determination Agent in accordance with the Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes.

--- Page 832 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
804 
 
Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the NY Federal 
Reserve, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or 
the NY Federal Reserve or any successor thereto. 
Relevant ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented 
from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published 
from time to time. 
SOFR with respect to any day means the secured overnight financing rate published for such 
day by the NY Federal Reserve, as the administrator of such rate (or a successor administrator), 
on the NY Federal Reserve's Website. 
Term SOFR means the forward-looking term rate for the applicable Corresponding Tenor 
based on SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body. 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
USD Benchmark means, initially, USD LIBOR of the appropriate tenor; PROVIDED THAT 
if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred 
with respect to USD LIBOR or the then-current USD Benchmark, then "USD Benchmark" 
means the applicable Benchmark Replacement. 
9. 
Hierarchy Provisions and Adjustments 
In relation to any event or circumstance affecting an interest rate, the fallback provisions 
described below must be applied in the order shown below, in each case where applicable for 
the relevant interest rate and the event or circumstance.  If the first applicable option shown does 
not apply to the relevant interest rate and the relevant event or circumstance then the next option 
set out below which does should be applied. Without limitation, the fallback provisions below 
may be applied in accordance with their terms in relation to any relevant interest rate which 
itself has been previously determined pursuant to these fallback provisions. For the avoidance 
of doubt, the provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 3 shall apply in 
accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 9.3 to a Benchmark (whether such 
Benchmark is an interest rate or otherwise). 
9.1 
USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions 
The USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 8 shall 
apply where the applicable Issue Terms specifies USD LIBOR (howsoever described and as 
amended from time to time pursuant to the provisions of the USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions) 
to be applicable in respect of the Securities. 
9.2 
Reference Rate Event Provisions 
The Reference Rate Event Provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 7 shall 
apply where the applicable Issue Terms specifies any Reference Rate to be applicable in respect 
of the Securities PROVIDED THAT the USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions set out in Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 8 do not apply to the relevant Reference Rate as a result of the relevant 
event or circumstance. 
For the purposes hereof and of the Reference Rate Event Provisions and notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in the Conditions: 
Reference Rate  means any interest rate (howsoever described in the Conditions and as 
amended from time to time pursuant to the provisions of the Reference Rate Event Provisions), 
which may include, without limitation, (i) any floating rate determined by reference to (a) 
Screen Rate Determination, (b) USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination, (c) ISDA 
Determination, (d) SONIA Floating Rate Determination (Non-Index Determination), (e) 
SONIA Floating Rate Determination (Index Determination), or (f) SOFR Floating Rate 
Determination, (ii) any swap rate, or (iii) any Underlying which is a Rate and, in each case will,

--- Page 833 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
805 
 
where appropriate, include any related component or underlying rate, tenor or compounded 
index rate. 
9.3 
Redemption or adjustment for an Administrator/Benchmark Event  
The provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 3 shall apply where the applicable 
Issue Terms specifies any Benchmark (as defined in Valuation and Settlement Condition 3) to 
be applicable in respect of the Securities, PROVIDED THAT the USD LIBOR Fallback 
Provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 8 and the Reference Rate Event 
Provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 7 do not apply to the relevant 
Benchmark as a result of the relevant event or circumstance. 
9.4 
Rate Conditions 
The provisions in respect of an Underlying which is a Rate set out in Underlying Schedule 13 
relating to the determination of the Underlying Closing Level of a Rate on any Scheduled 
Trading Day in the event of the occurrence of any Disrupted Day and the Substitute or Successor 
Rates provisions and the provisions relating to the consequences of any such Disrupted Day set 
out in the Conditions shall apply to any such Underlying, PROVIDED THAT none of the USD 
LIBOR Fallback Provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 8, the Reference Rate 
Event Provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 7 and the provisions set out in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 3 apply to the relevant rate as a result of the relevant event 
or circumstance. 
9.5 
Screen Rate Determination, USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination and ISDA 
Determination 
The provisions relating to the determination of relevant floating rates set out in the SRD Fallback 
Provisions in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(a), the USD LIBOR SRD Fallback 
Provisions in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(b) and the ISDA Determination 
provisions in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(c) shall apply where Screen Rate 
Determination, USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination and/or ISDA Determination 
(respectively) are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, PROVIDED THAT 
none of the USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 8, 
the Reference Rate Event Provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 7, the 
provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 3 and the Rate Conditions apply to the 
relevant floating rate as a result of the relevant event or circumstance.  
9.6 
SONIA Floating Rate Determination (Non-Index Determination), SONIA Floating Rate 
Determination (Index Determination) and SOFR Floating Rate Determination 
The provisions relating to the determination of relevant floating rates set out in the SFRD (Non-
Index) Fallback Provisions in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(d)(i), the SFRD (Index) 
Fallback Provisions in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(d)(ii) and the SOFR Fallback 
Provisions in Valuation and Settlement Condition 4.2(e)(iii) shall apply where SONIA Floating 
Rate Determination (Non-Index Determination), SONIA Floating Rate Determination (Index 
Determination) and/or SOFR Floating Rate Determination (respectively) are specified as 
applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, PROVIDED THAT none of the Reference Rate Event 
Provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 7, the provisions set out in Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 3 and the Rate Conditions apply to the relevant floating rate as a result 
of the relevant event or circumstance.  
9.7 
Adjustments 
Any adjustments to the Conditions (including the determination of any adjustment spread or 
factor, however defined) which the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) 
determines are necessary or appropriate pursuant to the provisions of the USD LIBOR Fallback 
Provisions set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 8, the Reference Rate Event Provisions 
set out in Valuation and Settlement Condition 7, the provisions set out in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 3 and the Substitute or Successor Rates provisions set out in the Rate 
Conditions:

--- Page 834 ---
VALUATION AND SETTLEMENT SCHEDULE 
806 
 
(a) 
shall be made to the extent reasonably practicable, but also taking into account prevailing 
industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives 
market); 
(b) 
may include, where applicable and without limitation, (i) technical, administrative or 
operational changes (including without limitation, changes to determination dates, 
timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments, rounding of amounts 
or tenors, the introduction of any time delay or lag between the calculation or observation 
period of a rate and the related payment dates and other administrative matters) that the 
Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) decides are appropriate, (ii) 
the application of any adjustment factor or adjustment spread (whether or not expressly 
referenced in the relevant provision and which may be positive or negative) and (iii) 
(subject to applicable laws) adjustments to reflect any increased costs to the Issuer of 
providing exposure to the replacement or successor rate(s) and/or benchmark(s); and 
(c) 
may be applied on more than one occasion, may be made as of one or more effective 
dates, may but does not have to involve the selection of a successor or replacement rate 
which is determined on a backwards-looking compounding basis by reference to a "risk-
free rate" and which, unless the context otherwise requires or it is inappropriate, will be 
the relevant rate in relation to the then current and all future determination days. 
9.8 
No duty to monitor 
In relation to any relevant rate and for the purposes of applying the provisions referred to in any 
of the paragraphs 9.1 to 9.7 above, inclusive, neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent or 
Determination Agent (as applicable) will have any duty to monitor or enquire as to whether any 
relevant event or circumstance in respect of any such rate has occurred to which such provisions 
might apply.

--- Page 835 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
807 
 
SECTION G.3 – PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS – [Other than with respect 
to offers of the Securities in [specify jurisdiction(s)] for which a PRIIPs KID is being prepared] [during 
the period[s] [⚫]-[⚫] (repeat periods as necessary),] [T]/[t]he Securities are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the EEA or in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, varied or replaced from time to time, MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the Prospectus Regulation). 
Consequently[, save as provided above,] no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA or in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA or 
in the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of 
Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA") - The Issuer has determined the 
classification of the Securities as prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products 
(as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice 
FAA- N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products)].2  
[The Base Prospectus is scheduled to expire on 17 December 2021 and the Issuer [and the Guarantor] 
intend[s] that the Base Prospectus will be updated immediately thereafter. The updated base prospectus 
will be available on [the website of Euronext Dublin (www.ise.ie)] [the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu)] [and] [the website of [⚫] ([⚫])].]3 
[PROHIBITION OF OFFER TO PRIVATE CLIENTS IN SWITZERLAND - [[Other than with 
respect to offers of the Securities [during the period[s] [⚫]-[⚫] (repeat periods as necessary),] for which 
a key information document according to the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act (FinSA) or an 
equivalent document under FinSA has been prepared] [or] [for the duration of the applicable transition 
period under FinSA and its implementing ordinance, for which a simplified prospectus pursuant to 
Article 5(2) of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes, as such article was in effect 
immediately prior to the entry into effect of FinSA, has been prepared],] [t][T]he Securities are not 
intended to be offered or recommended to private clients within the meaning of [the Swiss Federal 
Financial Services Act (FinSA)/FinSA] in Switzerland. For these purposes, a private client means a 
person who is not one (or more) of the following: (i) a professional client as defined in Article 4(3) FinSA 
(not having opted-in on the basis of Article 5(5) FinSA) or Article 5(1) FinSA; or (ii) an institutional 
client as defined in Article 4(4) FinSA; or (iii) a private client with an asset management agreement 
according to Article 58(2) FinSA.]4 
[This Final Terms has not been and will not be filed and deposited with a review body in Switzerland for 
entry on the list according to Article 64(5) of FinSA. Accordingly, the Securities may not be publicly 
offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of FinSA, other than pursuant to an 
 
1  
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Securities potentially constitute "packaged" products or the issuer wishes to 
prohibit offers to EEA or UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be 
"Applicable". 
2  
To insert notice if classification of the Securities is not "capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products", pursuant 
to Section 309B of the SFA or Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it 
/ they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the 
SFA. A notification of the product classification is required as long as an offer of securities is contemplated in Singapore and the offer 
is not, or not intended to be, restricted to persons specified in Regulation 2 of the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (i.e. an "accredited investor", "expert investor", "institutional investor" or "any other person that is not 
an individual"). 
3  
Include in respect of a Tranche of Securities for which the offer spans an update of the Base Prospectus. 
4  
Include if Securities are debt instruments with a "derivative character" for the purpose of FinSA and are offered in Switzerland.

--- Page 836 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
808 
 
exemption under Article 36(1) FinSA or where such offer does not qualify as a public offer in 
Switzerland. Neither this Final Terms nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the 
Securities constitutes a prospectus pursuant to FinSA, and neither this Final Terms nor any other offering 
or marketing material relating to the Securities may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly 
available in Switzerland.]5 
Final Terms dated [⚫] 
[Citigroup Inc./Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc./Citigroup Global Markets Funding 
Luxembourg S.C.A.]6 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
[6SHGI4ZSSLCXXQSBB395]/[82VOJDD5PTRDMVVMGV31]/[549300EVRWDWFJUNNP53] 
Issue of [Specify Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche/(specify aggregate number of Securities or 
Units of Tranche) Units of (specify principal amount of or number for each Unit)] [Title of Securities] 
[Guaranteed by Citigroup Inc.]7 [Guaranteed by Citigroup Global Markets Limited]8 
Under the Citi U.S.$60,000,000,000 Global Medium Term Note Programme 
[Subject as provided above, any]/[Any] person making or intending to make an offer of the Securities in 
any Member State of the EEA or in the United Kingdom may only do so[: 
(a) 
in those Public Offer Jurisdictions mentioned in item [10] of Part B below, provided such person 
is one of the persons mentioned in item [11] of Part B below and that such offer is made during 
the Offer Period specified for such purpose therein and that any conditions relevant to the use 
of the Base Prospectus are complied with; or 
(b) 
otherwise]9 in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
None of the Issuer[, the CGMHI Guarantor]10 [, the CGMFL Guarantor]11 and any Dealer has authorised, 
nor do any of them authorise, the making of any offer of Securities in any other circumstances. 
For the purposes hereof, the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as 
amended). 
The Securities [and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee]12 [and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee]13 have not 
been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities 
Act) or any state securities law. [The Securities [and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee]14 [and the CGMFL 
Deed of Guarantee]15 are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance 
on Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S) and may not be offered or sold within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S). Each purchaser 
of the Securities or any beneficial interest therein will be deemed to have represented and agreed that it 
 
5  
Include if Securities are offered in Switzerland and the Final Terms for the Securities is not filed and deposited with a review body in 
Switzerland for entry on the list according to Article 64(5) FinSA. 
6  
Delete as applicable. 
7  
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. 
8  
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI. 
9  
Consider including this legend where a Non-exempt Offer of Securities is anticipated. 
10 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. 
11 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI. 
12 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. 
13 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI. 
14 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. 
15 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI.

--- Page 837 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
809 
 
is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person and will not sell, pledge or otherwise transfer the 
Securities or any beneficial interest therein at any time within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, a U.S. person, other than the Issuer or any affiliate thereof.]16 [The Securities are being 
offered and sold solely to "qualified institutional buyers" (QIBs) in reliance on the exemption from 
registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A thereunder (Rule 144A). Each purchaser of 
the Securities or any beneficial interest therein will be deemed to have represented and agreed that it and 
each account for which it is purchasing (or holding) Securities is a QIB and that it will not sell, pledge 
or otherwise transfer the Securities or any beneficial interest therein at any time to any person other than 
(a) the Issuer or any affiliate thereof or (b) a person it reasonably believes to be a QIB purchasing the 
Securities for its own account or for the account of one or more QIBs in a transaction meeting the 
requirements of Rule 144A and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any State of the 
United States and any other jurisdiction.]]17 The Securities [and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee]18 [and 
the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee] 19 [and any Entitlements] 20 do not constitute, and have not been 
marketed as, contracts of sale of a commodity for future delivery (or options thereon) subject to the 
United States Commodity Exchange Act, as amended, and trading in the Securities has not been approved 
by the United States Commodity Futures Trading Commission under the United States Commodity 
Exchange Act, as amended. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Securities, see 
"General Information relating to the Programme and the Securities - Subscription and Sale and Transfer 
and Selling Restrictions" in the Base Prospectus. 
The Securities may not be offered or sold to, or acquired by, any person that is, or whose purchase and 
holding of the Securities is made on behalf of or with "plan assets" of, an employee benefit plan subject 
to Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA), a plan, 
individual retirement account or other arrangement subject to Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) or an employee benefit plan or other plan or arrangement subject 
to any laws, rules or regulations substantially similar to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
The Securities are [English Law Securities][Irish Law Securities][ that are also [Swedish Securities [(and 
therefore the Issuer shall have the right to obtain extracts from the register of creditors (Sw. skuldbok) 
from Euroclear Sweden)]] [and] [Finnish Securities [(and therefore the Issuer shall, subject to regulations 
of Euroclear Finland and applicable laws, be entitled to acquire from Euroclear Finland a list of the 
holders of Finnish Securities, PROVIDED THAT it is technically possible for Euroclear Finland to 
maintain such a list)][French Law Securities].21 [A Summary of the Securities is annexed to these Final 
Terms.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth 
under the section entitled "General Conditions of the Securities" [,/and] [the Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule] [and the Underlying Schedule[s] applicable to [the/each] Underlying] in the Base Prospectus 
[and the Supplement[s]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
[This Final Terms does not constitute final terms of the offer within the meaning of Article 8(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation and has not been deposited with the Central Bank. This Final Terms and the Base 
Prospectus [as so supplemented] have been filed and deposited with a review body in Switzerland for 
entry on the list according to Article 64(5) of FinSA for the purposes of an offer of the Securities to the 
public in Switzerland on the basis of the combination of this Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so 
supplemented]. For this purpose references in this Final Terms to "Non-exempt Offer" are to "non-
exempt public offer in Switzerland" and to "Public Offer Jurisdictions" mentioned in item [10] of Part B 
 
16  
Include for Securities offered on reliance on Regulation S. 
17  
Include for Notes offered in reliance on Rule 144A. 
18 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. 
19 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI. 
20  
Include for Physical Delivery Securities. 
21 
Delete as applicable.

--- Page 838 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
810 
 
below are to include Switzerland, regardless of Switzerland not being a Member State of the EEA.]22 / 
[This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Securities described herein for the purposes of Article 
8(4) of the Prospectus Regulation.]23 This Final Terms must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer[, the CGMHI Guarantor] 24 [, the 
CGMFL Guarantor]25 and the offer of the Securities is only available on the basis of the combination of 
this Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented].  
The Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s]] [and the translation of the Summary into [insert language 
required by any relevant Public Offer Jurisdictions]] [is] [are] available for viewing at the offices of the 
Paying Agents and on [the website of Euronext Dublin (www.ise.ie)] [the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu)] [and on the website of [⚫] at [⚫]]. [In addition, this Final Terms is 
available [[on the website of Euronext Dublin (www.ise.ie)] [on  the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu)] [and on the website of [⚫] at [⚫]]] [and] [insert method of publication 
required in any relevant Public Offer Jurisdiction(s) and/or any jurisdiction in which the securities are 
admitted to trading.]] (N.B. Consideration should be given as to how the Final Terms will be published 
in the event that the Securities are not listed on Euronext Dublin but are publicly offered)26.  
[Use this paragraph if the Base Prospectus has not been supplemented: For the purposes hereof, Base 
Prospectus means the [Citigroup Inc./CGMHI/CGMFL] Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus in 
relation to the Programme dated 18 December 2020.] 
[Use this paragraph if the Base Prospectus has been supplemented: For the purposes hereof, Base 
Prospectus means the [Citigroup Inc./CGMHI/CGMFL] Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus 
relating to the Programme dated 18 December 2020, as supplemented by a Supplement (No.[⚫]) dated [
⚫] ([the] Supplement [No. [⚫]]) [and a Supplement (No. [⚫]) dated [⚫] (Supplement No. [⚫] and, together 
with Supplement No. [⚫], the Supplements)].] 
[Insert the following if the Securities are listed on the Open Market of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange: 
The Open Market (Regulated Unofficial Market Freiverkehr) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Börse 
Frankfurt AG) is not a regulated market for the purpose of MiFID II.] 
[Insert the following if the Securities are listed on the multilateral trading facility of securitised 
derivatives financial instruments, organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (the SeDeX): The 
multilateral trading facility of securitised derivatives financial instruments, organised and managed by 
Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (the SeDeX) is not a regulated market for the purpose of MiFID II.] 
[Insert the following if the Securities are listed on the multilateral trading facility of EuroTLX managed 
by EuroTLX SIM S.p.A. (the EuroTLX): The multilateral trading facility of EuroTLX managed by 
EuroTLX SIM S.p.A. (the EuroTLX) is not a regulated market for the purpose of MiFID II.] 
[The following alternative language applies if (i) the first tranche of an issue which is being increased 
was issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date, (ii) a new Base Prospectus is published during 
the Offer Period of a Non-exempt Offer but prior to the Issue Date of the relevant Securities or (iii) a 
new Base Prospectus is published after the Offer Period of a Non-exempt Offer but prior to the Issue 
Date of the relevant Securities: 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions 
(the Conditions) set forth under the section entitled "General Conditions of the Securities" [, /and] [the 
Valuation and Settlement Schedule] [and the Underlying Schedule[s] applicable to [the/each] 
Underlying] in the Base Prospectus [as supplemented by the Supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus].  
[This Final Terms does not constitute final terms of the offer within the meaning of Article 8(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation and has not been deposited with the Central Bank. This Final Terms and [the Base 
 
22  
Include if Securities are offered in Switzerland and the Final Terms for the Securities is filed and deposited with a review body in 
Switzerland for entry on the list according to Article 64(5) FinSA but is not deposited with the Central Bank. 
23  
Include where the Final Terms are deposited with the Central Bank. 
24 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. 
25 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI. 
26 
Delete as applicable.

--- Page 839 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
811 
 
Prospectus [as so supplemented] and] the Current Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] have been filed 
and deposited with a review body in Switzerland for entry on the list according to Article 64(5) of FinSA 
for the purposes of an offer of the Securities to the public in Switzerland on the basis of the combination 
of this Final Terms and [the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] and] the Current Base Prospectus [as 
so supplemented]. For this purpose references in this Final Terms to "Non-exempt Offer" are to "non-
exempt public offer in Switzerland" and to "Public Offer Jurisdictions" mentioned in item [10] of Part B 
below are to include Switzerland, regardless of Switzerland not being a Member State of the EEA.]27 / 
[This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Securities described herein for the purposes of Article 
8(4) of the Prospectus Regulation.]28 This Final Terms must be read in conjunction with the Current Base 
Prospectus [and the Supplement[s] to the Current Base Prospectus], which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions which are 
extracted from the Base Prospectus [as supplemented by the Supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] and 
are incorporated by reference into the Current Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer[, the 
CGMHI Guarantor]29 [, the CGMFL Guarantor]30 and the offer of the Securities is only available on the 
basis of the combination of this Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s] to the Base 
Prospectus] and the Current Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s] to the Current Base Prospectus].  
The Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] [is/are] available for viewing at the 
offices of the Paying Agents and on [the website of Euronext Dublin (www.ise.ie)] [the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu)] [and on the website of [⚫] at [⚫]]. The Current Base 
Prospectus [and the Supplement[s] to the Current Base Prospectus [and the translation of the Summary 
into [insert language required by any relevant Public Offer Jurisdictions]]] [is/are] available for viewing 
at the offices of the Paying Agents and on [the website of Euronext Dublin (www.ise.ie)] [the website of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu)] [and on the website of the [⚫] at [⚫]]. [In addition, 
this Final Terms is available [[on the website of Euronext Dublin (www.ise.ie)] [on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu)] [and on the website of [⚫] at [⚫]]] [and] [⚫] [insert 
method of publication required in any relevant Public Offer Jurisdiction(s)].] (N.B. Consideration should 
be given as to how the Final Terms will be published in the event that the Securities are not listed on 
Euronext Dublin but are publicly offered).  
[Use this paragraph if the Conditions have not been amended by way of a Supplement to the Base 
Prospectus: For the purposes hereof, Base Prospectus means the [Citigroup Inc./CGMHI/CGMFL] 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus relating to the Programme dated [26 June 2013]/[25 
September 2013]/[25 September 2014]/[25 September 2015]/[4 February 2016]/[3 February 2017]/[2 
February 2018]/[25 January 2019]/[19 July 2019]/[8 May 2020].] 
[Use this paragraph if the Conditions have been amended by way of a Supplement to the Base Prospectus: 
For the purposes hereof, Base Prospectus means the [Citigroup Inc./CGMHI/CGMFL] Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus relating to the Programme dated [26 June 2013]/[25 September 2013]/[25 
September 2014]/[25 September 2015]/[4 February 2016]/[3 February 2017]/[2 February 2018]/[25 
January 2019]/[19 July 2019]/[8 May 2020], as supplemented by a Supplement (No.[⚫]) dated [⚫] ([the] 
Supplement [to the Base Prospectus] [No.[⚫]]) [and a Supplement (No.[⚫]) dated [⚫] (Supplement 
No. [●] and, together with Supplement No.[⚫], the Supplements to the Base Prospectus)].] 
[Use this paragraph if the Current Base Prospectus has not been supplemented: For the purposes hereof, 
Current Base Prospectus means the [Citigroup Inc./CGMHI/CGMFL] Underlying Linked Notes Base 
Prospectus relating to the Programme dated 18 December 2020.] 
[Use this paragraph if the Current Base Prospectus has been supplemented: For the purposes hereof, 
Current Base Prospectus means the [Citigroup Inc./CGMHI/CGMFL] Underlying Linked Notes Base 
Prospectus relating to the Programme dated 18 December 2020, as supplemented by a Supplement (No.[
⚫]) dated [⚫] ([the] Supplement [to the Current Base Prospectus] [No.[⚫]]) [and a Supplement (No.[
 
27  
Include if Securities are offered in Switzerland and the Final Terms for the Securities is filed and deposited with a review body in 
Switzerland for entry on the list according to Article 64(5) FinSA but is not deposited with the Central Bank. 
28  
Include where the Final Terms are deposited with the Central Bank. 
29 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. 
30 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI.

--- Page 840 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
812 
 
⚫]) dated [⚫] (Supplement No. [●] and, together with Supplement No.[⚫], the Supplements to the 
Current Base Prospectus)].]] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub 
paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms/Pricing Supplement.] 
[When completing any final terms consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
1. 
(i) 
Issuer: 
[Citigroup 
Inc./Citigroup 
Global 
Markets 
Holdings 
Inc./Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg 
S.C.A.]31 
 
(ii) 
Guarantor: 
[Citigroup Inc./Citigroup Global Markets Limited/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. Only Securities issued by Citigroup Global Markets 
Holdings Inc. are guaranteed by Citigroup Inc.  Only 
Securities issued by Citigroup Global Markets Funding 
Luxembourg S.C.A. are guaranteed by Citigroup Global 
Markets Limited) 
2. 
(i) 
Type of Security: 
[Note[s]] [Certificate[s]] 
 
 
[Exercise 
style: 
the 
Certificates 
are 
[European 
style]/[Multiple Exercise] Certificates [and Automatic 
Exercise applies]] (applicable in the case where 
"Certificate[s]" is specified above") 
 
 
[Notes, but referred to as "Certificates"] (if applicable, 
complete the Final Terms as if the Securities were Notes 
save to replace references in the Final Terms to "Note(s)" 
with "Certificates(s)")  
(for Swedish Securities in the form of Certificates, 
Automatic Exercise shall apply) 
 
 
[Italian Listed Certificates] (if Applicable, replace 
references in the Final Terms to redemption with references 
to termination, references to interest with references to 
premium and references to maturity date with references to 
final termination date)] 
 
(ii) 
Series Number: 
[⚫] 
 
(iii) 
Tranche Number: 
[⚫] 
 
 
(If fungible with an existing Series, details of that Series, 
including the date on which the Securities become fungible) 
 
(iv) 
Date on which the Securities 
will be consolidated and form 
a single Series: 
[Not Applicable] [The [identify present Tranche] will be 
consolidated and form a single Series with [identify earlier 
Tranches] on [⚫]/[the Issue Date]]  
3. 
Specified Currency or currencies:  
[⚫]/[The Securities are Dual Currency Securities. Specified 
Currency means: 
 
31  
Delete as applicable.

--- Page 841 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
813 
 
 
 
(a) 
in respect of the Specified Denomination (if 
applicable) and the Calculation Amount (the 
Denomination Currency): [⚫]  
 
 
(b) 
in respect of payments and/or deliveries (the 
Relevant Currency): [⚫]] 
[Euro] (Payments to be made in France under French Law 
Securities must be made in Euro exclusively) 
 
[Resultant 
figure(s) 
in 
Euro of 
amount(s) 
specified 
herein 
denominated in a currency other than 
Euro:32  
(Relevant for certain issues of French Law Securities only, 
delete if not relevant) 
[The Aggregate Principal Amount, Specified Denomination 
and any other amount(s) specified herein have been 
translated into Euro at the exchange rate of [⚫] [specify 
currency other than euro] equal to EUR1.00, producing a 
sum of: EUR [⚫]]  
 
[Method for translating into Euro any 
amount(s) denominated in a currency 
other than Euro payable under the 
Securities: 
(Relevant for certain issues of French Law Securities only, 
delete if not relevant and if payments to be made under the 
Securities are to be made in Euro)  
[The 
[specify 
relevant 
amount(s) 
specified 
herein 
denominated in a currency other than Euro] will be 
translated into Euro at the [specify currency other than 
Euro]/EUR exchange rate (spot/bid) prevailing at the date of 
settlement of such amount(s) at the time or times as the 
[Calculation 
Agent]/[Determination 
Agent] 
deems 
appropriate and the resultant figure will be rounded to the 
nearest euro 0.01 (with Euro 0.005 being rounded 
upwards)]] 
4. 
[Aggregate Principal 
Amount]/[Number of Securities]: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[ ⚫][Securities][Units (each Unit being [ ⚫] in principal 
amount of the Securities)] [per cent. of the Aggregate 
Principal Amount converted into the Relevant Currency at 
the Initial FX Rate, being [specify in Relevant Currency] in 
respect of the Aggregate Principal Amount. Initial FX Rate 
means [⚫]]/(each Unit consisting of [⚫] Securities)] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[ ⚫][Securities][Units (each Unit being [ ⚫] in principal 
amount of the Securities)]/[(each Unit consisting of [ ⚫] 
Securities)] 
 
 
[The Securities are issued in Units. Accordingly, references 
herein to Units shall be deemed to be references to [[⚫] in 
principal amount of the]/[a number of [⚫]] Securities and all 
references in the Conditions to payments and/or deliveries 
being made in respect of a Security shall be construed to 
such payments and/or deliveries being made in respect of a 
Unit] 
(For fungible issues, specify the Aggregate Principal 
Amount / Number of Securities in respect of each Tranche) 
 
32  
For domestic issues whose settlement is made from an account located in France, payments with respect to the French Law Securities 
shall be made in euros (pursuant to Article 1343-3 of the French Code civil).

--- Page 842 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
814 
 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[[⚫] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date](insert for fungible issues, 
if applicable)]/[[⚫] per Security] 
(For fungible issues, specify the Issue Price in respect of 
each Tranche) 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[⚫]/[Unit]/[Not Applicable] (only applicable for Notes – 
specify "Not Applicable" for Certificates) 
 
 
(in the case of Registered Securities, this means the 
minimum integral amount in which transfers can be made) 
 
 
(The minimum Specified Denomination/principal amount 
represented by a Unit is EUR1,000) 
 
 
(In respect of Swedish Securities, Finnish Securities and 
French Law Securities which are Notes, there shall be one 
denomination only.) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[⚫][Unit][per Certificate] 
 
 
(If the Securities are Notes with only one Specified 
Denomination, insert the Specified Denomination. If more 
than one Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor. N.B. There must be a common factor in the 
case of two or more Specified Denominations.) 
 
 
(For Certificates, the Calculation Amount does not reflect a 
principal amount, but the term must be specified as it is 
necessary for use in the Valuation and Settlement Schedule 
and other places.) 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[[⚫]]/[[⚫] Business Days following the Initial Preference 
Share Reference Date, which is expected to be [⚫]] (Specify 
for Preference Share Linked Securities only) 
(For fungible issues, specify the Issue Date in respect of 
each Tranche) 
 
(ii) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date: 
[[⚫]/Issue Date/Not Applicable]  
8. 
[Maturity Date: 
(If the Securities are Credit Linked 
Notes or Index Skew Notes, replace 
"Maturity 
Date" 
above 
with 
"Scheduled Maturity Date") 
[ ⚫][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
[Modified][Preceding][Following] 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Interest Payment Date falling on or nearest to 
[⚫]][⚫] where EMTA provisions are applicable in respect of 
any FX Rate: or, if later, the Number of Settlement Business 
Days following the [last occurring] Final Valuation Date] 
 
 
[The Final Valuation Date] (Specify for Preference Share 
Linked Securities only)] 
 
(If the Securities are Certificates, 
delete the above and insert the 
following: 
 
 
[Exercise Date(s): 
[Each] [Valuation Date]/[The Final Valuation Date] 
 
Settlement Date: 
[ ⚫][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
[Modified][Preceding][Following] 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Interest Payment Date falling on or nearest to

--- Page 843 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
815 
 
[⚫]][⚫] where EMTA provisions are applicable in respect of 
any FX Rate: or, if later, the Number of Settlement Business 
Days following the [last occurring] Final Valuation Date]] 
9. 
Type of Securities: 
[[Fixed Rate Securities/Floating Rate Securities/CMS Rate 
Securities/Spread 
Securities/Inflation 
Rate 
Securities/Interim Performance Interest Securities/Twin 
Win Interim Performance Interest Securities/Reverse 
Interim Performance Interest Securities] [and Range 
Accrual Securities/Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities 
/Multi-Chance 
Securities/Lookback 
Securities]] 
[The 
Securities do not bear or pay any interest] [if an Interest 
Barrier Event [does not] occur[s] [and]][The Securities do 
not pay any Coupon Amount if a Coupon Barrier Event 
[does not] occur[s] [and]]] (repeat as necessary) 
 
 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Provisions are applicable as 
specified in item 14[(iii)] below]  
 
 
The [Securities are Underlying Linked Securities and the] 
Redemption Amount of the Securities is determined in 
accordance with item 14(iv) [and, as the Underlying Linked 
Securities Redemption Provisions are applicable, item 
14(v)] below]  
 
 
The Securities are Cash Settled Securities [and/or may be 
Physical Delivery Securities] (Italian Listed Certificates 
may only be Cash Settled Securities) 
 
 
[The Securities are Dual Currency Securities] 
[In order to receive the Entitlement on the Maturity Date 
(subject as provided in the Conditions), Securityholders 
should complete and deliver an Asset Transfer Notice in 
accordance with the Conditions in any event as it may 
not be known prior to the Cut-off Date whether the 
Securities will be cash settled and/or settled by physical 
delivery of the Entitlement] 
10. Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Call as specified in item 14(i) below] 
 
 
[Investor Put as specified in item 14(ii) below] 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
11. (i) 
Status of the Securities: 
Senior 
 
(ii) 
Status of the CGMHI Deed of 
Guarantee: 
[Senior] [Not Applicable] 
(Not applicable for Securities issued by Citigroup Inc. or 
CGMFL) 
 
(iii) 
Status of the CGMFL Deed 
of Guarantee: 
[Senior][Not Applicable] 
(Not applicable for Securities issued by Citigroup Inc. or 
CGMHI) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO UNDERLYING LINKED SECURITIES AND EARLY 
REDEMPTION

--- Page 844 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
816 
 
12. Underlying 
Linked 
Securities 
Provisions: 
Applicable – the provisions in the Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule apply (subject as provided in any relevant 
Underlying Schedule) 
 
(i) 
Underlying:  
(the following information may be tabulated) 
 
(A) 
Description 
of 
Underlyings(s): 
[specify each Underlying including ISIN or other 
identification 
number 
where 
available, 
including 
definitions, as appropriate] 
 
(B) 
Classification: 
[Security 
Index/Inflation 
Index/Commodity 
Index/ 
Commodity/Share/Depositary Receipt/ETF Share/ Mutual 
Fund Interest/FX Rate (EMTA Provisions: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable])/[Warrant/]Proprietary Index/Dividend Futures 
Contract/Rate/Preference Share] 
 
 
(specify for each Underlying) 
 
 
(N.B.: Preference Share Linked Securities may only be 
issued by CGMFL) 
 
(C) 
Electronic Page: 
[⚫] (specify for each Underlying) 
 
(ii) 
Particulars in respect of each 
Underlying: 
(the following information 
may be tabulated) 
(Delete the sub-paragraphs which are not applicable) 
 
[Security Index/Indices: 
(specify for each Security Index) 
 
(A) 
Type of Index: 
[Single Exchange Index/Multiple Exchange Index][Bond 
Index] 
 
(B) 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫] 
 
 
(N.B.: Only required in relation to Single Exchange Indices) 
 
(C) 
Related 
Exchange(s): 
[[⚫]/All Exchanges] 
 
(D) 
Single 
Valuation 
Time: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Same 
Day 
Publication: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Specify Applicable where the level published on the 
relevant Valuation Date is taken. Specify Not Applicable 
where the level for a Valuation Date is taken regardless of 
which day it is published)] 
 
[Inflation Index/Indices: 
(specify for each Inflation Index) 
 
(A) 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable: The definition set out in Inflation Index 
Condition 1 (Definitions) shall apply/[⚫]][Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Revision of level of 
Inflation Index: 
[Revision/No Revision] 
 
 
(N.B.: If neither "Revision" nor "No Revision" is specified, 
"No Revision" will be deemed to apply)]

--- Page 845 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
817 
 
 
[Commodity Index/Indices: 
 
 
Same Day Publication: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Specify Applicable where the level published on the 
relevant Valuation Date is taken. Specify Not Applicable 
where the level for a Valuation Date is taken regardless of 
which day it is published)] 
 
[Commodity/Commodities: 
(specify for each Commodity) 
 
(A) 
Commodity Price: 
[[high price][low price][average of high and low 
prices][closing 
price][opening 
price][bid 
price][asked 
price][average of bid and asked prices][settlement 
price][official settlement price][official price][morning 
fixing][afternoon fixing][spot price][⚫] [per [insert unit]] of 
[insert commodity] on [the relevant Exchange/(specify other 
source)] [of the [relevant] Futures Contract for the [relevant] 
Delivery Date] as made public by [the [relevant] Exchange] 
on [the [relevant] Price Source]] [(specify price)][Fallback 
Commodity Dealers] 
 
(B) 
Delivery Date: 
[date] [month and year] [[First/Second/Third/other] Nearby 
Month][Either (i) the [First/Second/Third/other] Nearby 
Month or (ii) if the Calculation Agent determines that the 
relevant Valuation Date falls less than [[⚫]] Commodity 
Business Days prior to the earlier of (A) the last trading day 
of the relevant [First/Second/Third/other] Futures Contract; 
or (B) the first day on which notice of intent to deliver in 
respect of the relevant [First/Second/Third/other] Futures 
Contract may be submitted (howsoever defined in the terms 
of the relevant Futures Contract and/or the rules of the 
relevant Exchange), the [First/Second/Third/other] Nearby 
Month][specify date] 
 
(C) 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(D) 
Price Source: 
[The Electronic Page][⚫] 
 
 
(N.B.: Unless otherwise specified, Price Source shall be the 
Electronic Page) 
 
(E) 
Scheduled Trading 
Day: 
[⚫] 
 
 
(N.B.: Only applicable if the definition for Bullion 
Commodities in the Commodity Conditions is not 
applicable)] 
 
[Share(s): 
(specify for each Share) 
 
(A) 
Share Company: 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫]  
 
(C) 
Related 
Exchange(s): 
[[⚫]/All Exchanges]]  
 
(D) 
Stapled Share: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify for each Share which is a Stapled Share)

--- Page 846 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
818 
 
Component Share: [⚫] 
Component Share Company: [⚫] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
[Depositary Receipt(s): 
(specify for each Depositary Receipt) 
 
(A) 
Full Lookthrough: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Partial 
Lookthrough: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Depositary Receipt 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(D) 
Depositary Receipt 
Related 
Exchange(s): 
[[⚫]/All Exchanges] 
 
(E) 
Underlying 
Share 
Company: 
[⚫]  
 
(F) 
Underlying 
Share 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(G) 
Underlying 
Share 
Related 
Exchange(s): 
[[⚫]/All Exchanges]] 
 
[ETF Share(s): 
(specify for each ETF Share) 
 
(A) 
Fund: 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫]  
 
(C) 
Related 
Exchange(s): 
[[⚫]/All Exchanges]]  
 
[Mutual Fund Interest(s): 
(specify for each Fund Interest) 
 
(A) 
Mutual Fund: 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Scheduled Trading 
Day: 
[Scheduled Interim Valuation Date/Scheduled Redemption 
Valuation Date]] 
 
(D) 
Same 
Day 
Publication: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Specify Applicable where the value published on the 
relevant Valuation Date is taken. Specify Not Applicable 
where the value for a Valuation Date is taken regardless of 
which day it is published)] 
 
[FX Rate(s) where EMTA 
Provisions 
are 
Not 
Applicable: 
(specify for each FX Rate and each Exchange Rate 
comprising such FX Rate) 
 
(A) 
FX Rate: 
"cross-rate/formula": [Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 847 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
819 
 
 
 
[The FX Rate is [the inverse of] [[⚫]] / [the product of [⚫] 
and [[⚫]] / [the quotient of [[⚫]] (as numerator) and [[⚫]] (as 
denominator)]]] (delete or combine as applicable) 
 
(B) 
Exchange Rate: 
[⚫] 
 
- Base Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
- Quote Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
- Specified 
Financial Centres: 
[⚫] 
 
- Valuation Time: 
[⚫] 
 
(C) 
Dual 
Currency 
Securities: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable. The Dual Currency Exchange 
Rate is [specify FX Rate] [and for which purpose the 
Specified Valuation Date shall be (specify days) prior to (but 
excluding) each day on which payment is scheduled to be 
made under the Securities]] (specify for Dual Currency 
Securities where there would otherwise be no Specified 
Valuation Date) 
 
(D) 
FX Performance: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable. The FX Perf Rate is [specify 
FX Rate.]] 
 
[FX Rate(s) where EMTA 
Provisions are Applicable: 
(specify for each FX Rate and each Exchange Rate) 
 
(A) 
FX Rate Source: 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Valuation Time: 
(specify in respect of the Primary Rate and any fallback 
rates) 
 
 
[⚫] in respect of the Primary Rate 
 
 
[[⚫] in respect of the First Fallback Reference Price] 
 
 
[[⚫] in respect of the Second Fallback Reference Price] 
 
(C) 
Reference Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
(D) 
Settlement 
Currency: 
[⚫]  
 
(E) 
Reference Currency 
Business Centre(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(F) 
Settlement Currency 
Business Centre(s): 
[⚫]  
 
(G) 
Number 
of 
Settlement Business 
Days: 
[⚫]  
 
(H) 
Maximum Days of 
Postponement: 
[⚫] consecutive calendar days  
 
(I) 
Dual 
Currency 
Securities: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable. The Dual Currency Exchange 
Rate is [specify FX Rate] [and for which purpose the 
Specified Valuation Date shall be [(specify days)] prior to 
(but excluding) each day on which payment is scheduled to 
be made under the Securities]] (specify for Dual Currency

--- Page 848 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
820 
 
Securities where there would otherwise be no Specified 
Valuation Date) 
 
(J) 
FX Performance: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable. The FX Perf Rate is [specify 
FX Rate.].] 
 
[Proprietary Index/Indices: 
(This may not include an index composed or provided by the 
Issuers, by any legal entity belonging to their group or by a 
legal entity or a natural person acting in association with or 
on behalf of Issuers.) 
 
(A) 
[Index Sponsor: 
For the purposes hereof, the Index Sponsor in respect of the 
Proprietary Index is the Index Administrator (as defined in 
the Index Conditions)] 
 
(B) 
Scheduled Trading 
Day: 
(Specify for each Proprietary Index) [As defined in 
Proprietary Index Condition 1/A Scheduled Trading Day 
shall be an "Index Business Day" as defined in the Index 
Conditions]] 
 
[Dividend 
Futures 
Contract(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Relevant Price: 
["daily settlement price"/"final settlement price"][see 
specified item [⚫]]  
 
[Rate(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Valuation Time: 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Scheduled Trading 
Day: 
[A Business Day][A day on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in [ ⚫] (specify 
each)] [A U.S. Government Securities Business Day]] 
 
[Preference Share(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Preference 
Share 
Company: 
[Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A./[⚫
]] 
 
(B) 
Initial 
Preference 
Share 
Reference 
Date: 
[⚫], subject as provided in the Preference Share Conditions 
 
(C) 
Valuation Time: 
[[⚫]/As specified in Preference Share Condition 2] 
 
(D) 
Preference 
Share 
Valuation Date: 
[⚫], subject as provided in the Valuation and Settlement 
Conditions 
 
(E) 
Autocall 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[⚫][,[⚫] and [⚫]] subject as provided in the Preference 
Share Conditions/Not Applicable]]] 
 
(iii) 
Elections in respect of each 
type of Underlying: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs of 
this paragraph.) 
(If applicable, delete the sub-paragraphs which are not 
applicable.)

--- Page 849 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
821 
 
 
(the following information 
may be tabulated) 
(NB: for the purposes of the Additional Adjustment Events 
and Additional Early Redemption Events in respect of each 
type of Underlying, either the Additional Adjustment Events 
or the Additional Early Redemption Events (with the option 
to specify the Early Redemption Amount) must be 
applicable. Alternatively, both the relevant Additional 
Adjustment Events and the Additional Early Redemption 
Events may be applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, the 
Additional Adjustment Events should not be disapplied at 
the same time as the Additional Early Redemption Events.) 
 
[Security Index/Indices: 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Disruption Event(s): 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow][Loss of Stock Borrow] 
 
(B) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Security Index Condition 4: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Security Index Condition 4 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity][Monetisation with Holder Put Option]]/[Best of 
Amount]/[Other] (specify an amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/ Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)]  
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(C) 
Security 
Index 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Security 
Index 
Condition 
6(b)(i): 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Security Index Condition 6(b)(i) is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Monetisation with Holder Put Option]/[Best of 
Amount]/[Other] (specify an amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]

--- Page 850 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
822 
 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(D) 
Additional 
Early 
Redemption 
Event(s): 
[Security Index Condition 5: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Security Index Condition 5 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any)][ Monetisation with 
Holder Put Option][Best of Amount]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(E) 
Security 
Index 
Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Inflation Index/Indices: 
 
 
(A) 
Reference Month(s): 
[In respect of a Valuation Date [⚫]]  
 
(B) 
Manifest Error Cut-
off Date: 
[2 Business Days prior to the [relevant] Payment Date/[⚫]] 
 
 
(N.B.: If no Manifest Error Cut-off Date is specified, the cut-
off date will be 2 Business Days prior to any relevant 
Payment Date) 
 
(C) 
Revision 
Cut-off 
Date: 
[2 Business Days prior to the [relevant] Payment Date/[⚫]] 
 
 
(N.B.: If no Revision Cut-off Date is specified, the cut-off 
date will be 2 Business Days prior to any relevant Payment 
Date) 
 
(D) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Inflation Index Condition 4: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Inflation Index Condition 4 is Applicable:

--- Page 851 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
823 
 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(E) 
Additional 
Early 
Redemption 
Event(s): 
[Inflation Index Condition 5: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Inflation Index Condition 5 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity][Minimum 
Return Amount plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if 
any) at maturity with option for Fair Market Value at early 
redemption]/[Other] (specify an amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(F) 
Inflation 
Index 
Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Commodity Index/Indices: 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Commodity 
Index 
Condition 
4(a): 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Commodity Index Condition 4(a) is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any)]/[Minimum Return 
Amount plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) at 
maturity with option for Fair Market Value at early 
redemption]/[Other] (specify an amount only)]

--- Page 852 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
824 
 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Commodity 
Index 
Condition 
4(b): 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Commodity Index Condition 4(b) is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity][Minimum 
Return Amount plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if 
any) at maturity with option for Fair Market Value at early 
redemption]/[Other] (specify an amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
Tax Disruption: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Commodity 
Index 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Commodity 
Index 
Condition 
6(b)(i): 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Commodity Index Condition 6(b)(i) is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any)][Minimum Return 
Amount plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) at 
maturity with option for Fair Market Value at early 
redemption]/[Other] (specify an amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]

--- Page 853 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
825 
 
 
(C) 
Commodity 
Component 
Valuation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Additional 
Early 
Redemption 
Event(s): 
[Commodity 
Index 
Condition 
5: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Commodity Index Condition 5 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity][Minimum 
Return Amount plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if 
any) at maturity with option for Fair Market Value at early 
redemption]/[Other] (specify an amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(E) 
Commodity 
Index 
Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If Commodity Index Substitution is Applicable: 
 
 
Commodity Index Substitution Criteria: [[⚫]/As determined 
by Calculation Agent]]] 
 
[Commodity/Commodities: 
 
 
(A) 
Commodity Dealers 
[The definition set out in Commodity Condition 1 
(Definitions) shall apply/[⚫]]/Not Applicable 
 
 
(N.B.: If no Commodity Dealers are specified, the 
Commodity Dealers shall be four leading dealers in the 
relevant market selected by the Calculation Agent) 
 
 
(If Fallback Commodity Dealers is not applicable to the 
Securities, specify Not Applicable) 
 
(B) 
Disruption Event(s): 
[Commodity Condition 3(a) (Disrupted Day) applies] 
 
 
[Disappearance of Commodity Price] 
 
 
[Material Change in Content] 
 
 
[Material Change in Formula] 
 
 
[Price Source Disruption] 
 
 
[Tax Disruption] 
 
 
[Trading Disruption (specify any additional futures/options 
contracts)] 
 
(C) 
Disruption 
Fallback(s): 
[Commodity Condition 3(b) (Disruption Fallback) applies.] 
[The following Disruption Fallbacks apply, in the following 
order: 
 
 
[Fallback Commodity Price (specify alternative Commodity 
Price)]  
 
 
[Fallback Commodity Dealers]

--- Page 854 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
826 
 
 
 
[Delayed Publication and Announcement] 
 
 
[Postponement] 
 
 
[Calculation Agent Determination] 
 
 
[Cancellation]] 
 
(D) 
Additional 
Early 
Redemption Events: 
[Abandonment of Scheme (N.B. only applicable where the 
Underlying is an emission)] 
 
 
[Commodity Condition 5: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Commodity Condition 5 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Share(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Disruption Event(s): 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
 
(B) 
Share Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Substitution is Applicable: 
 
 
Share 
Substitution 
Criteria: 
[Reference 
Index/As 
determined by Calculation Agent]] 
 
(C) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Share 
Condition 
4 
– 
Corporate 
Action: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Condition 4 – Corporate Action is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]

--- Page 855 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
827 
 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Share Condition 4 – Delisting: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Condition 4 - Delisting is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Share 
Condition 
4 
– 
Insolvency: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Condition 4 - Insolvency is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any)]/[Minimum Return 
Amount plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) at 
maturity with option for Fair Market Value at early 
redemption]/[Other] (specify an amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Share 
Condition 
4 
– 
Merger 
Event: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Condition 4 – Merger Event is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]

--- Page 856 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
828 
 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Share 
Condition 
4 
– 
Nationalisation: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Condition 4 - Nationalisation is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Share 
Condition 
4 
– 
Tender 
Offer: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Condition 4 – Tender Offer is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any)]/[Minimum Return 
Amount plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) at 
maturity with option for Fair Market Value at early 
redemption]/[Other] (specify an amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]]

--- Page 857 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
829 
 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
[Share 
Condition 
4 
– 
De-stapling 
Event: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
[If Share Condition 4 – De-stapling Event is Applicable: 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any)]/[Minimum Return 
Amount plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) at 
maturity with option for Fair Market Value at early 
redemption]/[Other] (specify an amount only)] 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
[Share Condition 4 – Component Share Additional 
Adjustment Event: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
[If Share Condition 4 – Component Share Additional 
Adjustment Event is Applicable: 
Component Share Additional Adjustment Event(s): 
[Corporate Action]  
[Insolvency] 
[Merger Event]  
[Nationalisation]  
[Tender Offer] 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any)]/[Minimum Return 
Amount plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) at 
maturity with option for Fair Market Value at early 
redemption]/[Other] (specify an amount only)] 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]]

--- Page 858 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
830 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(repeat as necessary for each Component Share Additional 
Adjustment Event(s)) 
 
[Depositary Receipt(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Disruption Event(s): 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
 
(B) 
Depositary Receipt 
Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Substitution is Applicable: 
 
 
Depositary Receipt Substitution Criteria: Depositary 
Receipt: [Same Underlying Share and Currency/As 
determined by Calculation Agent]. 
 
 
Underlying Share: [Reference Index/As determined by 
Calculation Agent].] 
 
(C) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Corporate Action: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Corporate Action is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Delisting: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Delisting is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any)]/[Minimum Return

--- Page 859 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
831 
 
Amount plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) at 
maturity with option for Fair Market Value at early 
redemption]/[Other] (specify an amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Insolvency: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Condition 4 - Insolvency is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Merger Event: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Merger Event is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)][Depositary Receipt Condition 4 
– Nationalisation: Not Applicable/Applicable]

--- Page 860 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
832 
 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Condition 4 - Nationalisation is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any)]/[Minimum Return 
Amount plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) at 
maturity with option for Fair Market Value at early 
redemption]/[Other] (specify an amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Tender Offer: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Tender Offer is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Underlying Share Event: 
Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Underlying Share 
Event is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]

--- Page 861 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
833 
 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[ETF Share(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Disruption Event(s): 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
 
(B) 
ETF 
Share 
Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If ETF Share Substitution is Applicable: 
 
 
ETF Share Substitution Criteria: [Related Index. [To specify 
unless limb (b) of "Related Index" is being relied on: For 
which purpose, the Related Index is [⚫]] (specify for each 
ETF Share where there is a basket of ETF Shares)/As 
determined by Calculation Agent]] 
 
(C) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Corporate 
Action: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Corporate 
Action is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]

--- Page 862 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
834 
 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Delisting: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 - Delisting is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Insolvency: 
Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 - Insolvency 
is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Merger Event: 
Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Merger 
Event is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity][Minimum

--- Page 863 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
835 
 
Return Amount plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if 
any) at maturity with option for Fair Market Value at early 
redemption]/[Other] (specify an amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Tender Offer: 
Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Tender 
Offer is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange 
Traded 
Fund 
(ETF) 
Condition 
4 
– 
Nationalisation: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 - 
Nationalisation is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]

--- Page 864 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
836 
 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Fund 
Modification: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Fund 
Modification is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Strategy 
Breach: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Strategy 
Breach is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any)]/[Minimum Return 
Amount plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) at 
maturity with option for Fair Market Value at early 
redemption]/[Other] (specify an amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Regulatory 
Action: Not Applicable/Applicable]

--- Page 865 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
837 
 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Regulatory 
Action is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any)]/[Minimum Return 
Amount plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) at 
maturity with option for Fair Market Value at early 
redemption]/[Other] (specify an amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Cross 
Contamination: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – Cross 
Contamination is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Mutual Fund Interest(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Disruption Event(s): 
[Fees or Charges Event] 
 
 
[Fund Adviser Event [- for which purpose the AUM 
Threshold is [⚫] (specify AUM Threshold if different to the 
Conditions)] 
 
 
[Holding Ratio Change] 
 
 
[Limitation Event] 
 
 
[NAV Trigger Event (specify NAV Trigger Percentage, if 
applicable)] 
 
 
[New Information Event] 
 
 
[Non Currency Redemption]

--- Page 866 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
838 
 
 
 
[Related Agreement Termination [- for which purpose [⚫] 
shall be a relevant party] (specify other relevant party (if 
any))] 
 
 
[Asset Trigger Event] 
 
 
[Delisting]  
 
(B) 
Mutual 
Fund 
Interest 
Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If Mutual Fund Interest Substitution is Applicable: 
 
 
Mutual Fund Interest Substitution Criteria: [Equivalent 
Mutual Fund Interest. For which purpose, the Equivalent 
Mutual Fund Interest Criteria is: 
 
 
[Liquidity] 
 
 
[Similar Strategy] 
 
 
[Same Currency] 
 
 
[As determined by Calculation Agent]]]  
 
(C) 
Monetisation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Corporate Action: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Corporate Action is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual 
Fund 
Condition 
4 
– 
Insolvency: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 - Insolvency is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair

--- Page 867 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
839 
 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Merger Event: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Merger Event is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any)]/[Minimum Return 
Amount plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) at 
maturity with option for Fair Market Value at early 
redemption]/[Other] (specify an amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Nationalisation: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 - Nationalisation is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]

--- Page 868 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
840 
 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Advisor Resignation: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Advisor Resignation is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Fund Modification: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Fund Modification is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Strategy Breach: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Strategy Breach is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at

--- Page 869 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
841 
 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Regulatory Action: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Regulatory Action is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Reporting Disruption: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Reporting Disruption is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]

--- Page 870 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
842 
 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Cross Contamination: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Cross Contamination is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Failure by a Fund Service 
Provider: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Failure by a Fund Service 
Provider is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]

--- Page 871 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
843 
 
 
(E) 
Additional 
Early 
Redemption 
Event(s): 
[Mutual Fund Condition 5: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 5 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[FX Rate(s) where EMTA 
Provisions 
are 
Not 
Applicable: 
 
 
(A) 
Currency 
Disruption 
Event(s): 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
[General Inconvertibility] 
[General Non-Transferability] 
[Governmental Authority Default] 
[Illiquidity] 
[Material Change in Circumstances] 
[Nationalisation] 
[Price Materiality – for which purpose: 
Primary Rate: [⚫] 
Secondary Rate: [⚫] 
Price Materiality Percentage: [⚫]] 
[Specific Inconvertibility] 
[Specific Non-Transferability] 
 
(B) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[FX Rate Part A Condition 4: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If FX Rate Part A Condition 4 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]]

--- Page 872 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
844 
 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[FX Rate(s) where EMTA 
Provisions are Applicable: 
 
 
(A) 
Disruption Events: 
[Price Source Disruption] 
[Price Materiality. For which purpose: 
(i) 
Price Materiality Percentage is [[⚫]] per cent. 
 
 
(ii) 
Primary Rate is [the FX Rate/[⚫]] 
 
 
(iii) 
Secondary Rate is [the First Fallback Reference Rate 
[and the Second Fallback Reference Rate]/ [⚫]]] 
 
(B) 
Disruption 
Fallbacks: 
The following Disruption Fallbacks apply in the following 
order: 
 
 
[First Fallback Reference Price. For the purposes of the 
related First Fallback Reference Rate: 
 
 
(i) 
First Fallback Reference Rate: [⚫] 
 
(ii) 
First Fallback Rate Source: [⚫] 
 
(iii) 
First Fallback Valuation Time: [⚫] 
 
(iv) 
First Fallback Electronic Page: [⚫]] 
 
 
[Valuation Postponement] 
 
 
[Second Fallback Reference Price. For the purposes of the 
related Second Fallback Reference Rate: 
 
 
(i) 
Second Fallback Reference Rate: [⚫] 
 
(ii) 
Second Fallback Rate Source: [⚫] 
 
(iii) 
Second Fallback Valuation Time: [⚫] 
 
(iv) 
Second Fallback Electronic Page: [⚫]] 
 
 
 
[Calculation Agent Determination] 
 
 
 
(specify relevant fallbacks for each FX Rate and the order 
in which they apply) 
 
(C) 
Correction 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify for each FX Rate 
where different) 
 
(D) 
Settlement 
Disruption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[FX Rate Part B Condition 4: Not Applicable/Applicable]

--- Page 873 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
845 
 
 
 
[If FX Rate Part B Condition 4 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Warrants: 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Early 
Redemption 
Event(s): 
[Warrant Condition 5: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Warrant Condition 5 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Proprietary Index/Indices: 
(This may not include an index composed or provided by the 
Issuers, by any legal entity belonging to their group or by a 
legal entity or a natural person acting in association with or 
on behalf of Issuers.) 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Proprietary 
Index 
Condition 
4(a): 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Proprietary Index Condition 4(a) is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable]

--- Page 874 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
846 
 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
Tax Disruption: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Component 
Valuation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(C) 
[Component 
Valuation Roll: 
[⚫]/[Eight] 
 
(D) 
[Component 
Disrupted Day:] 
[A Component Disrupted Day in respect of a Component 
shall be a "Disrupted Day" as defined for such Component 
in the Index Conditions] 
 
(E) 
[Component 
Scheduled Trading 
Day:] 
[A Component Scheduled Trading Day in respect of a 
Component shall be a "Scheduled Trading Day" as defined 
for such Component in the Index Conditions]] 
 
(F) 
Additional 
Early 
Redemption 
Event(s): 
[Proprietary Index Condition 5: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Proprietary Index Condition 5 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)]

--- Page 875 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
847 
 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(G) 
Proprietary 
Index 
Substitution: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
(H) 
Proprietary 
Index 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Proprietary 
Index 
Condition 
6(b)(A): 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Proprietary Index Condition 6(b)(A) is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Dividend 
Futures 
Contract(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Dividend 
Futures 
Contract 
Condition 
4: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Dividend Futures Contract Condition 4 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]

--- Page 876 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
848 
 
 
(B) 
Dividend 
Futures 
Contract 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Dividend Futures Contract Condition 6(b)(A): Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Dividend Futures Contract Condition 6(b)(A) is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(C) 
Additional 
Early 
Redemption 
Event(s): 
[Dividend 
Futures 
Contract 
Condition 
5: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Dividend Futures Contract Condition 5 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(D) 
Dividend 
Futures 
Contract 
Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Rate(s): 
 
 
(A) 
ISDA 
Fallback 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 877 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
849 
 
 
 
(if not applicable, the following provisions are Not 
Applicable) 
 
(I)  Floating Rate 
Option: 
[[⚫]/Not Applicable] 
 
(II) Designated 
Maturity: 
[[⚫]/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Correction 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Trade Date: 
[⚫] 
 
(v) 
Realisation Disruption: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Underlying RMB Currency 
Event: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]]

--- Page 878 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
850 
 
 
Other provisions relating to an RMB Currency Event 
 
– 
[RMB 
Relevant 
 
Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
– 
RMB 
Relevant 
Currency Valuation 
Time: 
[⚫] 
 
– 
RMB Relevant Spot 
Rate Screen Page: 
[⚫] 
 
– 
RMB 
Settlement 
Centre: 
[⚫] (Specify)/ [Hong Kong]] 
 
(vi) 
Hedging Disruption Early 
Termination Event: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(vii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[As set out in Preference 
Share Condition 6(d)]/[Other] (specify an amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)]

--- Page 879 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
851 
 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(viii) 
Section 871(m) Event: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
[Section 
871(m) 
Event 
(Hedging 
Positions): 
Not 
Applicable] 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Monetisation with Holder Put Option]/[Best of 
Amount]/[As set out in Preference Share Condition 
6(d)]/[Other] (specify an amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(ix) 
Redemption 
for 
Taxation 
Reasons: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Monetisation with Holder Put Option]/[Best of 
Amount]/[As set out in Preference Share Condition 
6(d)]/[Other] (specify an amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(x) 
Change in Law: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable:

--- Page 880 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
852 
 
 
 
Illegality: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Material Increased Cost: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[As set out in Preference 
Share Condition 6(d)]/[Other] (specify an amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(xi) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Option: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount plus Option Value 
plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity with option for Fair 
Market Value at early redemption]/[As set out in Preference 
Share Condition 6(d)]/[Other] (specify an amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(xii) 
Illegality: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount 
plus 
accrued 
interest 
(if 
any) 
at 
maturity]/[Monetisation with Holder Put Option]/[Best of 
Amount]/[As set out in Preference Share Condition 
6(d)][Other] (specify an amount only)] (specify Early 
Redemption Amount here only if "Continuance of Securities 
Provision" is "Not Applicable"; otherwise specify the Early 
Redemption Amount under "Continuance of Securities 
Provision" below)

--- Page 881 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
853 
 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(xiii) 
Continuance of Securities 
Provision: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
[Illegality Event (Impossible Performance) 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: Fair Market Value 
 
 
Deduction of Hedge Costs: Not Applicable 
 
 
Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
Not Applicable 
 
 
Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: Not Applicable 
 
 
Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: Not 
Applicable 
 
 
Illegality Event (Possible Performance): [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Monetisation with Holder Put 
Option]/[Best of Amount] 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: Not 
Applicable 
 
(xiv) 
Event of Default 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market Value]/[Principal 
Amount plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity]/[As set 
out in Preference Share Condition 6(d)]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and Funding Costs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)]

--- Page 882 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
854 
 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(xv) 
Minimum Return Amount: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] [The definition in General Condition 
6(d)(iv) (Redemption and Purchase – Early Redemption 
Amount ) applies] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO ANY INTEREST AMOUNT, THE REDEMPTION AMOUNT 
AND ANY ENTITLEMENT DELIVERABLE 
(In the case of Certificates, Notes that are titled "Certificates" and Italian Listed Certificates, each 
reference below to "interest", "Interest Payment Date", "Interest Period", "Interest Rate" and "Interest 
Underlying" (and related expressions) shall be changed to (in the case of Certificates) "coupon amount", 
"Coupon Payment Date", "Coupon Period", "Coupon Rate" and "Coupon Underlying" or (in the case of 
Notes that are titled "Certificates" and Italian Listed Certificates) to "premium", "Premium Payment 
Date", "Premium Period", "Premium Rate" and "Premium Underlying".) 
13. Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable – the Securities do not 
bear or pay interest] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
[(if applicable in respect of different Underlyings, 
Interest Valuation Dates, Interest Payment Dates, 
Interest Barrier Event or Interest Lock-in Event, 
repeat item and insert: In respect of (insert 
Underlying, Interest Valuation Date, Interest 
Payment Date, Interest Barrier Event or Interest 
Lock-in Event as applicable):] 
 
(i) 
Interest 
Strike 
Level, 
Specified 
Valuation 
Date(s), 
Interest 
Amount/Rate, IPR, Interest Payment 
Date(s), Specified Interest Valuation 
Date(s), Lower Interest Barrier Level, 
Upper Interest Barrier Level, Interest 
Barrier 
Level, 
Specified 
Interest 
Barrier Observation Date: 
See Table below 
 
(ii) 
Non-Contingent Interest Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Non-Contingent 
Interest 
Amount: 
[⚫] per Security 
 
(B) 
Non-Contingent 
Interest 
Amount Payment Dates: 
[⚫] [subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
[Modified 
Following/Preceding/Following] 
Business Day Convention] 
 
(iii) 
Interest Strike Dates 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred][the 
Performance-Linked 
Interest 
Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred]:] 
(repeat 
and 
complete 
this 
subparagraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 883 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
855 
 
 
Specified Interest Strike Date: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[insert 
relevant 
Interest 
Underlying(s)]:] [Not Applicable] [⚫] [and [⚫]] [[⚫
] Scheduled Trading Days prior to [ ⚫]] each 
Scheduled Trading Day for the relevant Interest 
Underlying which is not a Disrupted Day for that 
Interest Underlying from [(and including)] [(but 
excluding)] [ ⚫] to [(but excluding)] [(and 
including)] [ ⚫]] (where a different Specified 
Interest Strike Date applies for any Interest 
Underlying, specify for each Interest Underlying) 
 
(iv) 
Underlying(s) relevant to interest, 
Interim Performance Provisions and 
provisions relating to levels of the 
Interest Underlying(s) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Underlying(s) relevant to interest: 
[(if applicable in respect of different Underlyings, 
Interest Valuation Dates, Interest Payment Dates, 
Interest Barrier Event, Interest Amounts or Interest 
Lock-in Event, repeat item and insert: In respect of 
(insert Underlying, Interest Valuation Date, 
Interest Payment Date, Interest Barrier Event, 
Interest Amount or Interest Lock-in Event as 
applicable):] 
 
(A) 
Interest Underlying: 
[[⚫]] [The Underlyings specified in item 12 above] 
[and [each] such Interest Underlying shall be an 
Interim Outperformance [A/B] Underlying (specify 
for 
each 
Interest 
Underlying 
where 
Outperformance Provisions apply in respect of the 
Interim Performance Provisions)] 
 
(B) 
Interest 
Barrier 
Underlying(s): 
[The Interest Underlying/All of the Interest 
Underlyings/Any Interest Underlying/The Interim 
Performance Underlying/Each Interest Underlying 
(subject to a minimum of [ ⚫] Interest 
Underlyings/Not Applicable)] 
 
Interim Performance Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(A) 
Single 
Underlying 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked Interest 
Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred]:] 
(repeat 
and 
complete 
this 
subparagraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 884 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
856 
 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Interim Performance 
Adjustment 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [+/-][⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Weighted 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked Interest 
Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred]:] 
(repeat 
and 
complete 
this 
subparagraph as necessary in respect of each 
Interest Barrier Event and Performance-Linked 
Interest Amount (denoted with a suffix, as 
applicable)) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Rainbow Weighting: 
[Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as 
set out below: 
 
 
Interest Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[Interest Underlying with highest (or 
equal highest) Interim Performance 
for that Interest Payment Date] 
[⚫]%

--- Page 885 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
857 
 
 
 
[Interest Underlying with [⚫] highest 
(or [ ⚫] equal [highest / lowest]) 
Interim Performance for that Interest 
Payment Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
(complete for each relevant Interest Underlying) 
 
 
[Interest Underlying with lowest (or 
equal lowest) Interim Performance 
for that Interest Payment Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
/Not Applicable. Therefore Wn shall 
be determined as set out below: 
 
 
 
Interest Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
(complete for each relevant Interest Underlying) 
 
II. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 886 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
858 
 
 
X. 
Interim Performance 
Adjustment 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [+/-][⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Best of Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked Interest 
Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred] [where Nth means (specify)]: [(i.e., the 
highest)]] (repeat and complete this subparagraph 
as necessary in respect of each Interest Barrier 
Event and Performance-Linked Interest Amount 
(denoted with a suffix, as applicable)) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Interim Performance 
Adjustment 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [+/-][⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 887 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
859 
 
 
X. 
Himalaya 
Interim 
Performance 
– 
European 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Worst 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked Interest 
Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred] [where Nth means (specify)]: [(i.e., the 
lowest)] (repeat and complete this subparagraph 
as necessary in respect of each Interest Barrier 
Event and Performance-Linked Interest Amount 
(denoted with a suffix, as applicable)) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Interim Performance 
Adjustment 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [+/-][⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 888 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
860 
 
 
X. 
Himalaya 
Interim 
Performance 
– 
European 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Outperformance 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked Interest 
Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred]:] 
(repeat 
and 
complete 
this 
subparagraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Interim 
Performance 
Provisions 
for 
Interim 
Outperformance 
A 
Underlying: 
 
 
I. 
Single 
Underlying 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Weighted 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 889 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
861 
 
 
Rainbow 
Weighting: 
[Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as 
set out below: 
 
 
Interim Outperformance A Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[Interim 
Outperformance 
A 
Underlying with highest (or equal 
highest) Interim Performance for that 
Interest Payment Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[Interim 
Outperformance 
A 
Underlying with highest (or equal 
highest) Interim Performance for that 
Interest Payment Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[Interim 
Outperformance 
A 
Underlying with [⚫] highest (or [⚫] 
equal 
[highest/lowest]) 
Interim 
Performance 
for 
that 
Interest 
Payment Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
(complete 
for 
each 
relevant 
Interim 
Outperformance A Underlying) 
 
 
[Interim 
Outperformance 
A 
Underlying with lowest (or equal 
lowest) Interim Performance for that 
Interest Payment Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
/Not Applicable. Therefore Wn shall 
be determined as set out below: 
[⚫]% 
 
 
Interim Outperformance A Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
(complete 
for 
each 
relevant 
Interim 
Outperformance A Underlying) 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 890 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
862 
 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Best 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Worst 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 891 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
863 
 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
A (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Interim 
Performance 
Provisions 
for 
Interim 
Outperformance 
B 
Underlying: 
 
 
I. 
Single 
Underlying 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 892 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
864 
 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Weighted 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Rainbow 
Weighting: 
[Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as 
set out below: 
 
 
Interim Outperformance A Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[Interim 
Outperformance 
B 
Underlying with highest (or equal 
highest) Interim Performance for that 
Interest Payment Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[Interim 
Outperformance 
B 
Underlying with highest (or equal 
highest) Interim Performance for that 
Interest Payment Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[Interim 
Outperformance 
B 
Underlying with [⚫] highest (or [⚫] 
equal 
[highest/lowest]) 
Interim 
Performance 
for 
that 
Interest 
Payment Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
(complete 
for 
each 
relevant 
Interim 
Outperformance B Underlying) 
 
 
[Interim 
Outperformance 
B 
Underlying with lowest (or equal 
lowest) Interim Performance for that 
Interest Payment Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
/Not Applicable. Therefore Wn shall 
be determined as set out below: 
[⚫]% 
 
 
Interim Outperformance B Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
(complete 
for 
each 
relevant 
Interim 
Outperformance B Underlying) 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 893 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
865 
 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Best 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 894 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
866 
 
 
IV. 
Worst 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf 
B (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(F) 
Arithmetic Mean Underlying 
Return: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked Interest 
Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred]:] 
(repeat 
and 
complete 
this 
subparagraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 895 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
867 
 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Interim Performance 
Adjustment 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [+/-][⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Underlying Return 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Underlying Return: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Underlying Return: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Single Cap – Single 
Valuation Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable: 
 
 
Single Cap: [⚫]] 
 
Single 
Floor 
– 
Single 
Valuation 
Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable: 
 
 
Single Floor: [⚫]] 
 
Single 
Cap 
– 
Multiple Valuation 
Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable: 
 
 
Single Cap: [⚫]]

--- Page 896 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
868 
 
 
Single 
Floor 
– 
Multiple Valuation 
Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable: 
 
 
Single Floor: [⚫]] 
 
Single Target: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If applicable: 
 
 
[[equal to or less than] [equal to or greater than] 
[less than] [greater than] (select one) 
 
 
Single Target Interest Threshold Percentage: [⚫]% 
 
 
Single Target Underlying Performance Percentage: 
[⚫]%] 
 
 
[Single 
Target 
(Barrier): 
[Barrier 
Event 
Satisfaction Required] [and] [Barrier Event 
Satisfaction Not Required] 
 
 
[Single Target Underlying Performance (Barrier 
Event [Not] Satisfied) Percentage: [⚫]] (repeat if 
necessary) 
 
Oasis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If applicable insert: 
 
 
Oasis – [Best Performing Only] [Multiple Best 
Performing] 
 
 
[Oasis 
Interest 
Underlying 
Performance 
Percentage: [⚫]%] 
 
 
[Insert and complete following table if Oasis – 
Multiple Best Performing applies: 
 
 
 
 
Best Oasis Performer 
Oasis Interest 
Underlying 
Performance 
Percentage 
1. 
Best Oasis Performer 1 
[⚫]% 
2 
Best Oasis Performer 2 
[⚫]% 
 
(repeat, as necessary, for 
each Best Oasis 
Performer up to Best 
Oasis Performer X) 
 
[X.] 
Best Oasis Performer [X] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
 
(G) 
Cliquet 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked Interest 
Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred]:] 
(repeat 
and 
complete 
this 
subparagraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 897 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
869 
 
 
I. 
Cliquet Underlying 
Return: 
[Sum of Underlying Return Cliquet] 
[Product of Underlying Return Cliquet] 
 
 
[Period Performance Less Cliquet Return – Sum] 
 
 
[Absolute Period Performance Less Cliquet Return 
– Sum] 
 
 
[Period Performance Less Cliquet Return – 
Product] 
 
 
[Absolute Period Performance Less Cliquet Return 
– Product] 
 
 
[Cliquet Return Less Period Performance – Sum] 
 
 
[Cliquet Return Less Absolute Period Performance 
– Sum] 
 
 
[Cliquet Return Less Period Performance – 
Product] 
 
 
[Cliquet Return Less Absolute Period Performance 
– Product] 
 
 
[Insert if Period Performance is applicable: 
 
 
[Period Performance [1/2/3] applies[, subject to a 
[Maximum Period Performance] [and] [Minimum 
Period Performance] [of [ ⚫]%] [and [ ⚫]%, 
respectively]. 
 
 
B is equal to [⚫].] 
 
 
A is equal to [⚫].] 
 
II. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 898 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
870 
 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
 
VIII. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Interim Performance 
Adjustment 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [+/-][⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
XI. 
Cliquet 
Interim 
Performance Floor: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable – [Cliquet Interim 
Performance Floor/Global Lock-in Floor]] 
[Insert 
the 
following 
if 
Cliquet 
Interim 
Performance Floor applies: 
 
 
[Cliquet Interim Performance Sum Integer: Highest 
(or equal highest) [positive] integer] [Lowest (or 
equal lowest) [positive] integer] 
 
 
[greater than] [greater than or equal to] [less than] 
[less than or equal to] 
 
 
Cliquet Interim Performance Sum Multiple: [⚫] 
[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Insert if Global Lock-in Floor applies: 
 
 
[greater than] [greater than or equal to] [less than] 
[less than or equal to] 
 
 
Global Lock-in Floor Trigger Level: [⚫] 
 
 
Global Lock-in Floor Percentage: [⚫]]] 
 
XII. 
Cliquet Underlying 
Return Provisions: 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(delete 
remaining 
sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph if N/A) 
 
 
[Cliquet A] [Cliquet B] [Cliquet C] [Cliquet A 
Absolute] [Cliquet B Absolute] [Cliquet C 
Absolute] 
 
 
[Insert if applicable and Cliquet B or Cliquet B 
Absolute applies: 
 
 
[Cliquet B Highest applies. 
 
 
U means [⚫].

--- Page 899 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
871 
 
 
 
Number 
of 
Specified 
Cliquet 
Interest Valuation 
Period: 
Relevant Specified 
Cliquet 
Interest 
Valuation Dates: 
Relevant 
Cliquet 
B 
Highest 
Return 
Decimal: 
1 
[insert dates] 
[insert 
decimal] 
[repeat 
rows 
for 
each 
Specified 
Cliquet 
Interest 
Valuation Period if 
more 
than 
1 
applies]] 
 
 
 
 
 
[Cliquet B Lowest applies. 
 
 
U means [⚫]. 
 
 
Number 
of 
Specified Cliquet 
Interest Valuation 
Period: 
Relevant Specified 
Cliquet 
Interest 
Valuation Dates: 
Relevant 
Cliquet 
B 
Lowest 
Return 
Decimal: 
1 
[insert dates] 
[insert 
decimal] 
[repeat rows for 
each 
Specified 
Cliquet 
Interest 
Valuation Period if 
more 
than 
1 
applies]] 
 
 
 
 
[Insert if applicable and Cliquet C or Cliquet C 
Absolute applies: 
 
 
[greater than] [greater than or equal to] [less than] 
[less than or equal to] 
 
 
Cliquet C Interest Target: [⚫] 
 
 
Cliquet C Lock-in Decimal: [⚫]]. 
 
 
[Insert if applicable: 
 
 
[Cliquet Underlying Return Cap: [⚫] 
 
 
[Cliquet Underlying Return Floor: [⚫]] 
 
(H) 
Himalaya 
Interim 
Performance 
– 
Asian 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked Interest 
Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred]:] (repeat and complete this sub 
paragraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable delete remaining sub paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 900 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
872 
 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance 
Percentage (Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Best of/Worst of: 
Best of Himalaya Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Worst of Himalaya Basket Observation: 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Provisions relating to levels of the 
Interest Underlying(s) 
 
 
(A) 
Interest Initial Level: 
[Insert as appropriate - For the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked Interest 
Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred][:]] [and] [[I/i]n respect of [insert relevant 
Interest Underlying]:] [Closing Level on Interest 
Strike Date/Closing Level on Interest Re-Strike 
Date IPD/ Closing Level on Interest Re-Strike Date 
IVD/Arithmetic Average Closing Level on Interest 
Strike Dates/Lowest Closing Level on Interest 
Strike Dates/Lowest Intra-day Level on Interest 
Strike Dates/Highest Closing Level on Interest 
Strike Dates/Highest Intra-day Level on Interest

--- Page 901 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
873 
 
Strike Dates/(specify (in table format, where 
appropriate) for each Interest Underlying)] 
 
 
(if no pre-determined level is specified, then 
Interest Strike Dates will need to be specified) 
 
 
(repeat this subparagraph as necessary in respect 
of each Interest Barrier Event and Performance-
Linked Interest Amount (denoted with a suffix, as 
applicable)) 
 
(B) 
Interest Reference Level: 
[Not Applicable][Insert as appropriate - For the 
purpose of determining [whether an Interest Barrier 
Event has occurred] [and] [the Performance-
Linked Interest Amount [if an Interest Barrier 
Event has [not] occurred][:]] [and] [[I/i]n respect of 
[insert relevant Interest Underlying]:] [Closing 
Level on Interest Valuation Date/Arithmetic 
Average Closing Level on Interest Valuation 
Dates/Lowest Closing Level on Interest Valuation 
Dates/Lowest Intra-day Level on Interest Valuation 
Dates/Highest Closing Level on Interest Valuation 
Dates/Highest 
Intra-day 
Level 
on 
Interest 
Valuation Dates] (specify for each Interest 
Underlying) 
(repeat 
this 
sub-paragraph 
as 
necessary in respect of each Interest Barrier Event 
and Performance-Linked Interest Amount (denoted 
with a suffix, as applicable)) 
 
(v) 
Provisions relating to an Interest 
Barrier Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Interest Barrier Event: 
[Insert as appropriate - In respect of (insert Interest 
Payment Date/Interest Valuation Date and/or 
Interest Underlying, as appropriate): [Interest 
Barrier Event European Observation/ Interest 
Barrier 
Event 
European 
Performance 
Observation/Interest Barrier Event American 
Performance Observation/Interest Barrier Event 
American Observation – Closing Level/Interest 
Barrier Event American Observation – Intra-Day 
Level/Interest Barrier Event American One-Touch 
Observation – Closing Level/Interest Barrier Event 
American One-Touch Observation – Intra-Day 
Level] 
 
 
["Sum of" applies.] (repeat sub paragraph as 
necessary in respect of each Interest Barrier Event 
(denoted with a suffix, as applicable)) 
 
(B) 
Interest Barrier Event Lock-
In: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Provisions relating to the rate or 
amount of interest due 
 
 
(A) 
Fixed 
Rate 
Security 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 902 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
874 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[EITHER: 
 
 
I. 
Accrual: 
Not Applicable 
 
II. 
Lookback 
Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]/[Applicable only in 
respect of the Interest Amount[s] payable in respect 
of the following Interest Payment Date[s]: [⚫]] 
 
III. 
Multi-Chance 
Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[OR: 
 
 
I. 
Accrual: 
Applicable 
 
II. 
[Range 
Accrual 
Securities: 
[Applicable. For which purpose: 
Range Accrual Determination Date means 
[Business Day/calendar day] 
 
 
Range Accrual Value What You Can 
Observation: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Range Accrual Move in Block Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Cut-off Number means [⚫] Business Days 
 
 
/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Range 
Accrual 
(Expanded) 
Securities: 
[Applicable: 
see 
paragraph 
13(vi)(E)]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
 
III. 
Interest Period End 
Date(s): 
[Interest Payment Date(s)/[ ⚫] in each year 
[adjusted in accordance with [specify Business Day 
Convention]/not adjusted]] 
 
IV. 
Interest Amount(s): 
[[⚫] per Security, payable on the Interest Payment 
Date falling [in/on] [⚫]][As set out in the Valuation 
and Settlement Schedule] 
 
V. 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[⚫] per Security, payable on the Interest Payment 
Date falling [in/on] [⚫]] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Insert particulars of any initial or final broken 
interest amounts which do not correspond with the 
Interest Amount)] 
 
VI. 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [x Accrual Rate] (Accrual Rate applies 
where the Securities are Range Accrual Securities) 
 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [x Accrual Rate] (Accrual 
Rate applies where the Securities are Range 
Accrual Securities) 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] [x Accrual Rate] (Accrual 
Rate applies where the Securities are Range 
Accrual Securities)

--- Page 903 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
875 
 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] [x Accrual Rate] (Accrual 
Rate applies where the Securities are Range 
Accrual Securities) 
 
 
[Actual/360] [x Accrual Rate] (Accrual Rate 
applies where the Securities are Range Accrual 
Securities) 
 
 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] [x Accrual Rate] 
(Accrual Rate applies where the Securities are 
Range Accrual Securities) 
 
 
[1/1] [x Accrual Rate] (Accrual Rate applies where 
the Securities are Range Accrual Securities) 
 
VII. [Determination Dates: 
[⚫] in each year (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon. N.B. 
only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))] 
 
(B) 
Floating 
Rate 
Security 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Interest Period End 
Date(s): 
[Interest Payment Date(s)/ [ ⚫] in each year 
[adjusted in accordance with [specify Business Day 
Convention]/not adjusted]] 
 
II. 
Manner in which the 
Interest 
Rate(s) 
is/are 
to 
be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/USD LIBOR Screen 
Rate Determination/ISDA Determination/SONIA 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination 
(Non-Index 
Determination)/SONIA 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination 
(Index 
Determination)/SOFR 
Floating Rate Determination]  
 
III. 
Party responsible for 
calculating 
the 
Interest 
Rate(s) 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s): 
[⚫] 
 
 
IV. 
Range 
Accrual 
(Expanded) 
Securities: 
[Applicable: 
see 
paragraph 
13(vi)(E)]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
 
V. 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[⚫] month [(the Designated Maturity) (include 
where Linear Interpolation is applicable)] [insert 
currency] 
[EURIBOR/LIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/CIBOR/TI
BOR/HIBOR][BBSW (being the Sydney average 
mid rate for AUD bills of exchange)][BKBM 
(being the Wellington rate for New Zealand Dollar 
bills of exchange)] 
 
• 
Specified Time: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 904 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
876 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[⚫][Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[(Specify e.g. any relevant Valuation Date(s))/[[⚫]] 
day on which commercial banks are open for 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in [[⚫]] prior to the 
start of each Interest Period/First day of each 
Interest Period/[[⚫]] day on which the TARGET2 
System is open prior to the start of each Interest 
Period] 
 
• 
Page: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Reference 
Banks 
[⚫] 
 
VI. 
USD LIBOR Screen 
Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[⚫] month [(the Designated Maturity) (include 
where Linear Interpolation is applicable)] USD 
LIBOR 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Second day on which commercial banks are open 
for business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London 
prior to the start of each Interest Period]/[⚫] 
 
• 
Page: 
[Reuters Screen LIBOR01]/[⚫] 
 
VII. 
ISDA 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[⚫][First day of the relevant Interest Period] 
 
VIII. 
SONIA 
Floating 
Rate Determination 
(Non-Index 
Determination): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[SONIA] 
 
• 
Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA 
(Shift): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA 
(Lag): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Page: 
[⚫]/[SONIAOSR=]

--- Page 905 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
877 
 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Fifth day on which commercial banks are open for 
business (including dealings in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in London prior to 
the end of each Interest Period]/[⚫] 
 
IX. 
SONIA 
Floating 
Rate Determination 
(Index 
Determination): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[SONIA] 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[The day falling the Relevant Number of London 
Banking Days prior to the relevant Final Interest 
Period End Date]/[⚫] 
 
• 
Relevant 
Number: 
[⚫] 
 
X. 
SOFR Floating Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[SOFR] 
 
• 
Observation 
Method: 
[Not Applicable/Lag/Shift] 
(Specify Lag or Shift for Compounded Daily SOFR, 
except where Index Determination is applicable) 
 
• 
Observation 
Look-Back 
Period: 
[Not Applicable]/[⚫] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days 
(Specify for Compounded Daily SOFR, except 
where Index Determination is applicable. N.B. 
must be at least two such relevant days to allow 
clearing system payments) 
 
• 
Index 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR – Non-Index 
Determination: 
Second 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities Business Days prior to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR – Index 
Determination: The day falling the Relevant 
Number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day prior to the relevant Final Interest Period End 
Date and Relevant Number means [insert number 
being two or greater]] 
 
XI. 
Linear Interpolation:
 
 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Interest Rate for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)] 
 
XII. 
Margin(s): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][⚫] per cent. per annum] 
 
XIII. 
Minimum 
Interest 
Rate: 
[[⚫]/See the Table below/Not Applicable]

--- Page 906 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
878 
 
[See paragraph 13(vi)(E)/Not Applicable] (insert 
for Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities) 
 
XIV. 
Maximum 
Interest 
Rate: 
[[⚫]/See the Table below/Not Applicable] 
[See paragraph 13(vi)(E)/Not Applicable] (insert 
for Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities) 
 
XV. 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[30/360] / [360/360] / [Bond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360] / [Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
[RBA Bond Basis] 
 
 
[Australian Bond Basis] 
 
 
[1/1] 
 
(C) 
CMS Rate Security: 
[Applicable]/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) in relation to 
CMS 
Rate 
Securities: 
[[⚫] [in each [year] [month] from, and including, [
⚫] to and including, [⚫]] [adjusted in accordance 
with [specify Business Day Convention]/not 
adjusted] [(See General Condition 8(h) (Business 
Day Convention))]] 
 
II. 
Interest Period End 
Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[ ⚫]] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [ ⚫] to and 
including, [ ⚫]] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]/not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 8(h) (Business Day 
Convention))] 
[As set out in the Rate Table below] (specify each 
Interest Period End Date by inserting a Rate Table 
below) 
 
III. 
Party responsible for 
calculating 
the 
Interest 
Rate(s) 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s): 
[Calculation Agent]/[⚫] 
 
IV. 
Range 
Accrual 
(Expanded) 
Securities: 
[Applicable: 
see 
paragraph 
13(vi)(E)]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
 
V. 
CMS Rate: 
[Single CMS Interest Rate/Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates/CMS Spread Interest Rate]

--- Page 907 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
879 
 
 
 
["CMS 
Reference 
Rate [1]"] (If CMS 
Interest Rate is "Worse 
of CMS Interest Rates" 
or 
"CMS 
Spread 
Interest Rate", insert 
heading 
"CMS 
Reference Rate 1") 
["CMS Reference Rate 
2"] (If CMS Interest Rate 
is 
"Worse 
of 
CMS 
Interest Rates" or "CMS 
Spread Interest Rate", 
insert this column) 
 
• 
Relevant Swap Rate: 
[EUR/GBP/USD/Mid
-Market] Swap Rate 
[[EUR/GBP/USD/Mid-
Market] Swap Rate 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[⚫] [month[s]/year[s]] 
[⚫] [month[s]/year[s]] 
 
• 
[Relevant 
Financial 
Centre:] 
(Insert 
if 
Relevant Swap Rate is 
Mid-Market Swap Rate) 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Reference Currency: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[[Daily/Periodic] Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable: [⚫]] [⚫] 
[[Daily/Periodic] 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable: [⚫]] [⚫] 
 
• 
Page: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Reference Banks: 
[ ⚫] [As specified in 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement Condition 
4.3(e) (CMS Reference 
Rate 
Fallback 
Provisions)] 
[ ⚫] [As specified in 
Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.3(e) (CMS 
Reference Rate Fallback 
Provisions)] 
 
• 
Minimum 
Reference 
Rate 
(for 
CMS 
Reference Rate): 
[ ⚫] [Not Applicable] 
(Specify 
for 
each 
Interest 
Payment 
Date/Interest Period if 
different by inserting a 
Rate Table below) 
[ ⚫] [Not Applicable] 
(Specify for each Interest 
Payment 
Date/Interest 
Period if different by 
inserting a Rate Table 
below) 
 
• 
Maximum 
Reference 
Rate 
(for 
CMS 
Reference Rate): 
[ ⚫] [Not Applicable] 
(Specify 
for 
each 
Interest 
Payment 
Date/Interest Period if 
different by inserting a 
Rate Table below) 
[ ⚫] [Not Applicable] 
(Specify for each Interest 
Payment 
Date/Interest 
Period if different by 
inserting a Rate Table 
below) 
 
VI. 
Linear Interpolation 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Interest Rate for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)] 
 
VII. 
Margin [1] (for CMS 
Reference Rate [1]): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][ ⚫] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Margin [1] if more than one by 
inserting a Rate Table below)

--- Page 908 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
880 
 
(If CMS Interest Rate is "Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate", insert the 
following sub-paragraph) 
 
[Margin 2 (for CMS 
Reference Rate 2):] 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][ ⚫] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Margin 2 if more than one by 
inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Interest 
Rate 
(for 
CMS 
Interest Rate): 
[⚫] [See paragraph 13(vi)(E)] (insert for Range 
Accrual (Expanded) Securities) [Not Applicable] 
(Specify for each Interest Payment Date/Interest 
Period if different by inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
IX. 
Maximum 
Interest 
Rate 
(for 
CMS 
Interest Rate): 
[⚫] [See paragraph 13(vi)(E)] (insert for Range 
Accrual (Expanded) Securities) [Not Applicable]  
(Specify for each Interest Payment Date/Interest 
Period if different by inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
X. 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] / [360/360] / [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] / [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
XI. 
Determination 
Dates: 
[[⚫] in each year (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or scheduled maturity 
date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day Count 
Fraction 
is 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA))] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
XII. 
Interest Participation 
Rate [1] (for CMS 
Reference Rate [1]): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
(specify each Interest Participation Rate [1] if 
more than one by inserting a Rate Table below) 
(If CMS Interest Rate is "Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate", insert the 
following sub-paragraph) 
 
XIII. 
Interest Participation 
Rate 2 (for CMS 
Reference Rate 2): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]  
(specify each Interest Participation Rate 2 if more 
than one by inserting a Rate Table below) 
(Insert table below if there is more than one Margin, Interest Participation Rate or Minimum/Maximum Interest Rate (as applicable) 
for different Interest Periods, as required) 
[Rate Table]

--- Page 909 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
881 
 
[Interest Period End 
Date(s)] 
[Interest Payment 
Date(s)] 
[Specified Rate 1 / 
Specified Rate 2] 
[Margin] 
[Interest 
Participation Rate] 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Interest Rate] 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Reference Rate] 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Interest Amount] 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) / [⚫] in each 
year 
[adjusted 
in 
accordance 
with 
[specify Business Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted]] 
[⚫] / [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
[Not Applicable / [+/-][⚫
] per cent. per annum] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫] / [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫] / [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
(Insert table below if "Worse of CMS Interest Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate" is applicable and there is more than one Margin 
1, Margin 2, Interest Participation Rate 1, Interest Participation Rate 2 or Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate (as applicable) in 
respect of CMS Referent Rate 1 and CMS Reference Rate 2 for different Interest Periods, as required) 
[Rate Table] 
 
CMS Reference Rate 1 
CMS Reference Rate 2 
[Interest 
Period End 
Date(s)] 
[Margin 1] 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate 1] 
[Minimum/ 
Maximum 
Reference Rate] 
[Margin 2] 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate 2] 
[Minimum/ 
Maximum 
Reference 
Rate] 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) / [⚫] in 
each 
year 
[adjusted 
in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/no
t adjusted]] 
[Not 
Applicable 
/ 
[+/-][ ⚫] per 
cent. 
per 
annum] (repeat 
as required) 
[ ⚫] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[
⚫
]/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[Not 
Applicable 
/ 
[+/-][ ⚫] per 
cent. 
per 
annum] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[ ⚫] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[ ⚫] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
 
 
(D) 
Spread Securities: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Interest 
Period(s) in 
relation to 
Spread 
Securities: 
[Each Interest Period falling during the period from, 
and including, [⚫] to but excluding, [⚫]] [⚫] 
 
II. 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[⚫] [in each [year] [month] from, and including, [⚫] 
to, and including, [⚫]] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]/not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 8(h) (Business Day 
Convention))] 
 
III. 
Interest Period 
End Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[⚫]] [in each [year] 
[month] from, and including, [⚫] to, and including, [⚫
]] [adjusted in accordance with [specify Business Day 
Convention]/not adjusted] [(See General Condition 
8(h) (Business Day Convention))]

--- Page 910 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
882 
 
[As set out in the Rate Table] (Interest Period End 
Date(s) may be set out in a "Rate Table" if required) 
 
IV. 
[Day 
Count 
Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [(ICMA)] [(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[1/1] 
[Determination Dates: [⚫] in each year (insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
scheduled maturity date in the case of a long or short 
first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))] [Not 
Applicable]] 
(Insert if not specified elsewhere) 
 
V. 
Margin(s) 
(Spread Interest 
Rate): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-] [ ⚫] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Margin (Spread Interest Rate) if more 
than one by inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
VI.  
Interest 
Participation 
Rate(s) (Spread 
Interest Rate): 
[ ⚫]/[Not Applicable] (specify each Interest 
Participation Rate (Spread Interest Rate) if more than 
one by inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
VII. 
Relevant Spread 
Rate: 
[Option One] [No Option One] [Spread Cap] 
 
VIII. 
Spread Cap: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
V% 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Multiplier: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Spread 
Cap 
Margin: 
[Not Applicable/[+/-] [ ⚫] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Spread Cap Margin if more than one by 
inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
• 
Rate X: 
Spread Rate [1/2/3] 
 
• 
Rate Y: 
Spread Rate [1/2/3] 
 
• 
Rate Z: 
Spread Rate [1/2/3] 
 
IX. 
Spread Rate 1: 
[Spread Reference Rate] [plus/minus] [Spread Rate 1 
Margin][, and multiplied by Spread Rate 1 Interest 
Participation Rate] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 911 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
883 
 
(Specify whether the Spread Reference Rate for 
Spread Rate 1 is (i) one Reference Rate or (ii) the sum 
of two or more specified Reference Rates or (iii) 
Reference Rate One minus Reference Rate Two and, 
in each case, whether each such rate is (a) a Fixed 
Interest Rate, or (b) a Floating Interest Rate and 
whether Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination applies, or (c) a CMS Interest Rate, 
and in all cases specify details of all other relevant 
terms for each such rate e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination 
Date, 
Margin, 
any 
Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or Maximum Reference Rate, by inserting the 
details set out below as sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph, as required) 
 
• 
Spread Rate 1 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Spread Rate 1 
Margin: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Spread Rate 2: 
[Spread Reference Rate] [plus/minus] [Spread Rate 2 
Margin][, and multiplied by Spread Rate 2 Interest 
Participation Rate] [Not Applicable] 
(Specify whether the Spread Reference Rate for 
Spread Rate 2 is (i) one Reference Rate or (ii) the sum 
of two or more specified Reference Rates or (iii) 
Reference Rate One minus Reference Rate Two and, 
in each case, whether each such rate is (a) a Fixed 
Interest Rate, or (b) a Floating Interest Rate and 
whether Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination applies, or (c) a CMS Interest Rate, 
and in all cases specify details of all other relevant 
terms for each such rate e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination 
Date, 
Margin, 
any 
Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or Maximum Reference Rate, by inserting the 
details set out below as sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph, as required) 
 
• 
Spread Rate 2 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Spread Rate 2 
Margin: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
XI. 
Spread Rate 3: 
[Spread Reference Rate] [plus/minus] [Spread Rate 3 
Margin][, and multiplied by Spread Rate 3 Interest 
Participation Rate] [Not Applicable] 
(Specify whether the Spread Reference Rate for 
Spread Rate 3 is (i) one Reference Rate or (ii) the sum 
of two or more specified Reference Rates or (iii) 
Reference Rate One minus Reference Rate Two and, 
in each case, whether each such rate is (a) a Fixed

--- Page 912 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
884 
 
Interest Rate, or (b) a Floating Interest Rate and 
whether Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination applies or (c) a CMS Interest Rate, and 
in all cases specify details of all other relevant terms 
for each such rate e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination 
Date, 
Margin, 
any 
Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or Maximum Reference Rate, by inserting the 
details set out below as sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph, as required) 
 
• 
Spread Rate 3 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Spread Rate 3 
Margin: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
XII. 
Minimum 
Interest 
Rate 
(for the Spread 
Interest Rate): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
XIII. 
Maximum 
Interest 
Rate 
(for the Spread 
Interest Rate): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]  
(Insert the following if any relevant rate is determined 
by reference to provisions relating to Spread Security 
or specified as Spread Reference Rate) 
 
XIV. 
[Spread 
Reference Rate: 
(Specify whether Spread Reference Rate is (i) one 
Reference Rate or (ii) the sum of specified Reference 
Rates or (iii) Reference Rate One minus Reference 
Rate Two and, in each case, whether each such rate is 
(a) a Fixed Interest Rate, or (b) a Floating Interest 
Rate and whether Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination applies or (c) a CMS Interest Rate, and 
in all cases specify details of all other relevant terms 
for each such rate e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination 
Date, 
Margin, 
any 
Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or Maximum Reference Rate, by inserting the 
details set out below as sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph, as required)] 
 
(insert if any Reference Rate is a Fixed 
Interest Rate) [Specified Fixed Rate: 
(delete if not applicable) 
[⚫] per cent. per annum 
 
[Margin (for the Specified Fixed Rate):] 
(delete if not applicable) 
[⚫] 
 
[Interest Participation Rate 
(for the 
Specified Fixed Rate):] (delete if not 
applicable) 
[⚫] 
 
(insert if any Reference Rate is a Floating 
Interest Rate) [Manner in which the 
Floating Interest Rate(s) is/are to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination / ISDA Determination] 
applies]

--- Page 913 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
885 
 
 
(insert if any Reference Rate is a Floating 
Interest 
Rate 
and 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination is applicable) [Screen Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[Reference Rate: 
[insert currency] [EURIBOR / LIBOR / STIBOR / 
NIBOR / CIBOR / ROBOR / TIBOR / HIBOR] 
[BBSW (being the Sydney average mid rate for AUD 
bills of exchange)] [BKBM (being the Wellington rate 
for New Zealand Dollar bills of exchange)] (if more 
than one interest rate, specify Interest Period End 
Dates to which each interest rate applies by inserting 
a Reference Rate Table below) 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[ ⚫] month[s] [(the Designated Maturity) (include 
where Linear Interpolation is applicable)] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
Specified Time: 
[ ⚫][As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.6 (Definitions)][Not Applicable] 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[⚫][As specified Valuation and Settlement Condition 
4.6 (Definitions)][Not Applicable] 
 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[Daily/Periodic] Rate Determination is applicable 
[(Specify 
e.g. 
any 
relevant 
Valuation 
Date(s))/[(specify)] day on which commercial banks 
are open for business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in [(specify)] 
prior to the start of each Interest Period/First day of 
each Interest Period/[(specify)] day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open prior to the start of each 
Interest Period] [As specified in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 4.6 (Definitions)] 
 
Page: 
[⚫] 
 
Reference Banks: 
[ ⚫][As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.6 (Definitions)] 
 
[Margin (for the Screen Rate):] (delete if 
not applicable) 
[⚫] 
 
[Interest Participation Rate (for the Screen 
Rate):] (delete if not applicable) 
[⚫] 
 
(insert if any Reference Rate is a Floating 
Interest Rate and ISDA Determination is 
applicable) [ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[⚫] 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[⚫] 
 
Reset Date: 
[⚫][First day of the relevant Interest Period]] 
 
[Margin (for the ISDA Rate):] (delete if not 
applicable) 
[⚫]

--- Page 914 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
886 
 
 
[Interest Participation Rate (for the ISDA 
Rate):] (delete if not applicable) 
[⚫] 
 
(insert if Reference Rate is a CMS Interest 
Rate) [CMS Interest Rate: 
[Single CMS Interest Rate/Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates/CMS Spread Interest Rate] 
 
 
["CMS Reference Rate [1]"] (If CMS Interest Rate is 
"Worse of CMS Interest Rates" or "CMS Spread 
Interest Rate", insert heading "CMS Reference Rate 
1") 
 
 
["CMS Reference Rate 2"] (If CMS Interest Rate is 
"Worse of CMS Interest Rates" or "CMS Spread 
Interest Rate", insert this column) 
 
Relevant Swap Rate: 
[EUR/GBP/USD/ Mid-
Market] Swap Rate 
[[EUR/GBP/USD/ Mid-
Market] Swap Rate 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[⚫][month[s]/year[s]] 
[⚫][month[s]/year[s]] 
 
[-Relevant Financial Centre:] (Insert if 
Relevant Swap Rate is Mid-Market Swap 
Rate) 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
Relevant Time: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
Reference Currency: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[[Daily/Periodic] 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable: [⚫]][⚫] 
[[Daily/Periodic] 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable: [⚫]][⚫] 
 
Page: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
Reference Banks: 
[ ⚫][As specified in 
Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.3(e) (CMS 
Reference Rate Fallback 
Provisions)] 
[ ⚫][As specified in 
Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.3(e) (CMS 
Reference Rate Fallback 
Provisions)] 
 
(insert if any Reference Rate is subject to a 
Minimum Reference Rate) [Minimum 
Reference Rate: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable]] 
[⚫] [Not Applicable]] 
 
(insert if any Reference Rate is subject to a 
Maximum Reference Rate) [Maximum 
Reference Rate: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable]] 
[⚫] [Not Applicable]] 
 
Margin [1] (for CMS Reference Rate [1]): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][⚫] per cent. per annum] (specify 
each Margin [1] if more than one by inserting a Rate 
Table below) 
 
 
(If CMS Interest Rate is "Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate", insert the 
following sub-paragraph) 
 
[Margin 2 (for CMS Reference Rate 2):] 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][⚫] per cent. per annum] (specify 
each Margin 2 if more than one by inserting a Rate 
Table below) 
 
Interest Participation Rate [1] (for CMS 
Reference Rate [1]): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 915 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
887 
 
(specify each Interest Participation Rate [1] if more 
than one by inserting a Rate Table below) 
(If CMS Interest Rate is "Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate", insert the 
following sub-paragraph) 
 
Interest Participation Rate 2 (for CMS 
Reference Rate 2): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
(specify each Interest Participation Rate 2 if more 
than one by inserting a Rate Table below)] 
(insert table below if Relevant Spread Rate, or the Margin (Spread Interest Rate), Interest Participation Rate (Spread 
Interest Rate), Minimum Interest Rate and/or Maximum Interest Rate in respect of the Relevant Spread Rate for each 
Interest Period is different) 
[Rate Table for Spread Securities] 
[Interest Period End 
Date(s)] 
[Relevant Spread Rate] 
[Margin (Spread Interest Rate)] 
[Interest Participation Rate 
(Spread Interest Rate)] 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Interest Rate] 
[Interest Payment Date(s) / 
[⚫] in each year [adjusted 
in accordance with [specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not adjusted]] 
[No] 
[Option 
One] 
/ 
[Spread Cap] applicable 
[Not Applicable / [+/-][ ⚫] per 
cent. per annum] (repeat as 
required) 
[⚫] / [Not Applicable] (repeat 
as required) 
(insert table below if Spread Rate 1 Margin, Spread Rate 2 Margin, Spread Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate, 
Spread Rate 2 Interest Participation Rate, Minimum Reference Rate and/or Maximum Reference Rate for each 
Interest Period is different) 
 
[Spread Rate 1] 
[Spread Rate 2] 
[Spread Rate 3]* 
Interest 
Period 
End Date(s) 
[Spread Rate 1 
Margin] 
[Spread Rate 1 Interest 
Participation Rate] 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Reference Rate]* 
[Spread 
Rate 2 
Margin]* 
[Spread 
Rate 3 
Margin]* 
[Spread Rate 2 Interest 
Participation Rate] 
[Spread Rate 3 Interest 
Participation Rate] 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Reference Rate]* 
[insert 
date(s)] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
+/- [specify] (repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required) 
+/- [specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required)] 
*insert, if applicable, an additional column for "Spread Rate 3", and additional columns for "Spread Rate 3 Margin", 
"Spread Rate 3 Interest Participation Rate" and/or "Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate" if different for each 
Interest Period. 
 
 
(E) 
Range 
Accrual 
(Expanded) Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Interest 
Period(s) and/or 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) 
in 
relation 
to 
Range Accrual 
(Expanded) 
Securities: 
[⚫] [in each [year] [month] from, and including, [⚫] 
to and including, [⚫]] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]/not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 8(h) (Business Day 
Convention))]

--- Page 916 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
888 
 
 
II. 
Interest Rate[s]: 
[Fixed Interest Rate: see paragraph 13(vi)(A)) 
above/Floating Interest Rate: see paragraph 13(vi)(B) 
above/CMS Interest Rate: see paragraph 13(vi)(C) 
above] 
(specify each rate of interest if more than one by 
inserting a Range Accrual Table below) 
 
III. 
Single 
Reference 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Dual Reference 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Reference 
Observation [1] 
(insert 
"Reference 
Observation 1" 
if 
Dual 
Reference 
Observation or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation is 
applicable): 
[specify what the Reference Observation will be from 
the options set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.5(c)] 
[if applicable specify details of the or each Reference 
Rate and where there is more than one Reference 
Rate, whether the Barrier is different for each 
Reference Rate for each relevant interest period.] 
[If Dual Reference Observation is specified to be 
applicable, specify what the Reference Observation 
will be for each of Reference Observation 1 and 
Reference Observation 2 below and if Triple 
Reference Observation is specified to be applicable, 
specify what the Reference Observation will be for 
each of Reference Observations 1, Reference 
Observation 2 and Reference Observation 3 below] 
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table below] 
(If Reference Observation (or if Dual Reference 
Observation or Triple Reference Observation is 
applicable, Reference Observation 1) is different for 
each 
Interest 
Period, 
insert 
the 
Reference 
Observation Table) 
 
 
Barrier 
[1] 
(insert "Barrier 
1" 
if 
Dual 
Reference 
Observation or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation is 
applicable): 
[⚫] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] [specify 
for each relevant interest period by inserting the 
Range Accrual Table below, and where there is more 
than one Reference Rate, whether the Barrier [1] is 
different for each Reference Rate] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Barrier 
Reference: 
[Greater than the Barrier [1]/Greater than or equal to 
the Barrier [1]/Less than the Barrier [1]/Less than or 
equal to the Barrier [1]] (insert "Barrier 1" if Dual 
Reference 
Observation 
is 
applicable) 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
Lower 
Range 
[1] 
(insert 
"Lower Range 
1" 
if 
Dual 
[⚫] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] [specify 
for each relevant interest period by inserting the 
Range Accrual Table below] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 917 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
889 
 
Reference 
Observation or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation is 
applicable): 
 
 
Lower 
Range 
[1] 
Option 
(insert "Lower 
Range 
1 
Option" if Dual 
Reference 
Observation or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation is 
applicable): 
[[Greater than or equal to/Greater than] the Lower 
Range [1]] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Upper 
Range 
[1] 
(insert 
"Upper 
Range 
1" 
if 
Dual 
Reference 
Observation or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation is 
applicable): 
[⚫] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] [specify 
for each relevant interest period by inserting the 
Range Accrual Table below] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Upper 
Range 
[1] 
Option 
(insert "Upper 
Range 
1 
Option" if Dual 
Reference 
Observation or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation is 
applicable): 
[[Less than or equal to/Less than] the Upper Range 
[1]] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Reference Rate 
One 
(for 
Reference 
Observation 
[1]): 
(insert 
"Reference 
Observation 1" 
if 
Dual 
Reference 
Observation or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation is 
applicable) 
[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest Rate/Relevant Spread 
Rate/Spread 
Reference 
Rate: 
see 
paragraph 
13(vi)(D)] [Not Applicable] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate [One], 
including any Margin, Interest Participation Rate, 
any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate. If the Reference Rate is a Fixed 
Interest Rate, Floating Interest Rate or CMS Interest 
Rate, insert the details set out below as sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph, as required. If there is 
more than one Reference Rate [One], repeat this 
paragraph for each Reference Rate [One])  
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table below] 
(If Reference Rate [One] is different for each Interest 
Period, insert the Reference Observation Table)

--- Page 918 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
890 
 
 
 
[Reference Rate 
Two 
(for 
Reference 
Observation 
[1]):] (insert if 
applicable) 
[[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest Rate/Relevant Spread 
Rate/Spread 
Reference 
Rate: 
see 
paragraph 
13(vi)(D)] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate Two by 
repeating sub-paragraphs of the paragraph above for 
Reference Rate Two, including any Margin, Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate and/or 
any Maximum Reference Rate. If there is more than one 
Reference Rate Two, repeat this paragraph for each 
Reference Rate Two)  
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table below] 
(If Reference Rate Two is different for each Interest 
Period, insert the Reference Observation Table)] 
 
(insert and re-number the following paragraphs if "Dual Reference Observation" or "Triple 
Reference Observation" is applicable) 
 
VII. 
[Reference 
Observation 2: 
[specify what the Reference Observation 2 will be 
from the options set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.5(c)] 
[If applicable, and specify details of the or each 
Reference Rate and where more than one Reference 
Rate whether the Barrier is different for each 
Reference Rate for each relevant interest period] 
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table below] 
(If Reference Observation 2 is different for each 
Interest Period, insert the Reference Observation 
Table) 
 
 
[Barrier 
2:] 
(insert if Barrier 
1 is specified) 
[⚫] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] [specify 
for each relevant interest period by inserting the 
Range Accrual Table below, and where there is more 
than one Reference Rate, whether the Barrier 2 is 
different for each Reference Rate] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Barrier 
Reference:] 
(insert 
if 
Barrier 
2 
is 
specified) 
[Greater than the Barrier 2/Greater than or equal to the 
Barrier 2/Less than the Barrier 2/Less than or equal to 
the Barrier 2]  
 
 
[Lower Range 
2:] 
(insert 
if 
Lower Range 1 
is specified) 
[⚫] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] [specify 
for each relevant interest period by inserting the 
Range Accrual Table below] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Lower Range 2 
Option:] (insert 
if Lower Range 
2 is specified) 
[[Greater than or equal to/Greater than] the Lower 
Range 2] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Upper 
Range 
2:] 
(insert 
if 
Upper Range 1 
is specified) 
[⚫] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] [specify 
for each relevant interest period by inserting the 
Range Accrual Table below] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 919 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
891 
 
 
 
[Upper Range 2 
Option:] (insert 
if Upper Range 
2 is specified) 
[[Less than or equal to/Less than] the Upper Range 2] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
Reference Rate 
One 
(for 
Reference 
Observation 2): 
[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest Rate/Relevant Spread 
Rate/Spread 
Reference 
Rate: 
see 
paragraph 
13(vi)(D)] [Not Applicable] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate [One], 
including any Margin, Interest Participation Rate, 
any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate. If the Reference Rate is a Fixed 
Interest Rate, Floating Interest Rate or CMS Interest 
Rate, insert the details set out below as sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph, as required. If there is 
more than one Reference Rate [One], repeat this 
paragraph for each Reference Rate [One])  
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table below] 
(If Reference Rate [One] is different for each Interest 
Period, insert the Reference Observation Table) 
 
 
[Reference Rate 
Two 
(for 
Reference 
Observation 2):] 
(insert 
if 
applicable) 
[[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest Rate/Relevant Spread 
Rate/Spread 
Reference 
Rate: 
see 
paragraph 
13(vi)(D)] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate Two by 
repeating sub-paragraphs of the paragraph above for 
Reference Rate Two, including any Margin, Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or any Maximum Reference Rate. If there is more 
than one Reference Rate Two, repeat this paragraph 
for each Reference Rate Two)  
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table below] 
(If Reference Rate Two is different for each Interest 
Period, insert the Reference Observation Table)] 
(insert and re-number the following paragraphs if "Triple Reference Observation" is 
applicable) 
 
VIII. 
[Reference 
Observation 3: 
[specify what the Reference Observation 3 will be 
from the options set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.5(c)] 
[If applicable specify details of the or each Reference 
Rate and where more than one Reference Rate 
whether the Barrier is different for each Reference 
Rate for each relevant interest period] 
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table below] 
(If Reference Observation 3 is different for each 
Interest Period, insert the Reference Observation 
Table) 
 
 
[Barrier 
3:] 
(insert 
if 
[⚫] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] [specify 
for each relevant interest period by inserting the 
Range Accrual Table below, and where there is more

--- Page 920 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
892 
 
Barrier 
1 
is 
specified) 
than one Reference Rate, whether the Barrier 3 is 
different for each Reference Rate] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Barrier 
Reference:] 
(insert 
if 
Barrier 
3 
is 
specified) 
[Greater than the Barrier 3/Greater than or equal to the 
Barrier 3/Less than the Barrier 3/Less than or equal to 
the Barrier 3]  
 
 
[Lower Range 
3:] 
(insert 
if 
Lower Range 1 
is specified) 
[⚫] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] [specify 
for each relevant interest period by inserting the 
Range Accrual Table below] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Lower Range 3 
Option:] (insert 
if Lower Range 
3 is specified) 
[[Greater than or equal to/Greater than] the Lower 
Range 3] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Upper 
Range 
3:] 
(insert 
if 
Upper Range 1 
is specified) 
[⚫] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] [specify 
for each relevant interest period by inserting the 
Range Accrual Table below] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Upper Range 3 
Option:] (insert 
if Upper Range 
3 is specified) 
[[Less than or equal to/Less than] the Upper Range 3] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
Reference Rate 
[One] 
(for 
Reference 
Observation 3): 
[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest Rate/Relevant Spread 
Rate/Spread 
Reference 
Rate: 
see 
paragraph 
13(vi)(D)] [Not Applicable] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate [One], 
including any Margin, Interest Participation Rate, 
any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate. If the Reference Rate is a Fixed 
Interest Rate, Floating Interest Rate or CMS Interest 
Rate, insert the details set out in below as sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph, as required. If there is 
more than one Reference Rate [One], repeat this 
paragraph for each Reference Rate [One])  
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table below] 
(If Reference Rate [One] is different for each Interest 
Period, insert the Reference Observation Table) 
 
 
[Reference Rate 
Two 
(for 
Reference 
Observation 3):] 
(insert 
if 
applicable) 
[[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest Rate/Relevant Spread 
Rate/Spread 
Reference 
Rate: 
see 
paragraph 
13(vi)(D)] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate Two by 
repeating sub-paragraphs of the paragraph above for 
Reference Rate Two, including any Margin, Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or any Maximum Reference Rate. If there is more 
than one Reference Rate Two, repeat this paragraph 
for each Reference Rate Two)

--- Page 921 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
893 
 
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table below] 
(If Reference Rate Two is different for each Interest 
Period, insert the Reference Observation Table)] 
 
IX. 
Lev: 
[[ ⚫]%] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
(Specify for each relevant interest period by inserting 
the Range Accrual Table below) [Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Adj: 
[[ ⚫]%] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
(Specify for each relevant interest period by inserting 
the Range Accrual Table below) [Not Applicable] 
 
XI. 
RA Cap: 
[[ ⚫]%] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
(Specify for each relevant interest period by inserting 
the Range Accrual Table below) [Not Applicable] 
 
XII. 
RA Floor: 
[[ ⚫]%] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
(Specify for each relevant interest period by inserting 
the Range Accrual Table below) [Not Applicable] 
 
XIII. 
Protected Range 
Accrual 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable: 
Protection Level: [[⚫]%] [As set out in the Range 
Accrual Table] (Specify for each 
relevant interest period by inserting 
the Range Accrual Table below)] 
 
XIV. 
Accrual Days: 
[calendar days/Business Days] 
 
XV. 
Accrual 
Business 
Day 
Centre: 
[ ⚫] [Not Applicable] (N.B. this relates to the 
definition of "Accrual Business Day", specify this if 
the Specified Accrual Cut-Off Date is a specified 
number of Accrual Business Days. This is not 
applicable if the Accrual Cut-Off Date is the 
Default Accrual Cut-Off Date) 
 
XVI. 
Accrual Cut-Off 
Date 
(the 
"Accrual 
Cut-
Off Date" is the 
specified 
number 
of 
calendar 
days 
or 
Accrual 
Business Days 
preceding 
the 
last day of the 
relevant Interest 
Period 
(Specified 
Accrual Cut-Off 
Date) and shall 
be five Accrual 
Days if "Default 
Accrual Cut-Off 
Date" 
is 
specified): 
[Specified 
Accrual 
Cut-Off 
Date] 
[Default 
Accrual Cut-Off Date]

--- Page 922 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
894 
 
 
 
- 
Specified 
Accrual 
Cut-Off 
Date: 
[ ⚫] [calendar day/Accrual Business Day] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
XVII. 
Any or All: 
[Any][All][Not Applicable] 
 
XVIII. Minimum 
Interest Rate: 
[See paragraph [13(vi)(B)/13(vi)(C) above] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
XIX. 
Maximum 
Interest Rate: 
[See paragraph [13(vi)(B)/13(vi)(C) above] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
XX. 
Minimum 
Interest 
Amount: 
[[⚫] per Calculation Amount] [As set out in the Rate 
Table] [Not Applicable] 
(If there is more than one Minimum Interest Amount 
for different Interest Periods, this information may be 
set out in a "Rate Table") 
 
XXI. 
Maximum 
Interest 
Amount: 
[[⚫] per Calculation Amount] [As set out in the Rate 
Table] [Not Applicable] 
(If there is more than one Maximum Interest Amount 
for different Interest Periods, this information may be 
set out in a "Rate Table") 
 
 
(insert if any 
Reference Rate 
is 
a 
Fixed 
Interest 
Rate) 
[Specified 
Fixed 
Rate: 
(delete if not 
applicable) 
[⚫] per cent. per annum 
 
 
[Margin 
(for 
the 
Specified 
Fixed 
Rate):] 
(delete if not 
applicable) 
[⚫] 
 
 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate (for the 
Specified Fixed 
Rate):] (delete 
if 
not 
applicable) 
[⚫] 
 
 
(insert if any 
Reference Rate 
is a Floating 
Interest 
Rate) 
[Manner 
in 
which 
the 
Floating 
Interest Rate(s) 
is/are 
to 
be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination / ISDA Determination] 
applies]

--- Page 923 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
895 
 
 
 
(insert if any 
Reference Rate 
is a Floating 
Interest 
Rate 
and 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable) 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Reference 
Rate: 
[insert currency] [EURIBOR / LIBOR / STIBOR / 
NIBOR / CIBOR / ROBOR / TIBOR / HIBOR] 
[BBSW (being the Sydney average mid rate for AUD 
bills of exchange)] [BKBM (being the Wellington rate 
for New Zealand Dollar bills of exchange)] (if more 
than one interest rate, specify Interest Period End 
Dates to which each interest rate applies by inserting 
a Reference Rate Table below) 
 
 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[ ⚫] month[s] [(the Designated Maturity) (include 
where Linear Interpolation is applicable)] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
Specified Time: 
[ ⚫][As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.6 (Definitions)][Not Applicable] 
 
 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[ ⚫][As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.6 (Definitions)][Not Applicable] 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Daily/Periodic] Rate Determination is applicable: 
[(Specify 
e.g. 
any 
relevant 
Valuation 
Date(s))/[(specify)] day on which commercial banks 
are open for business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in [(specify)] 
prior to the start of each Interest Period/First day of 
each Interest Period/[(specify)] day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open prior to the start of each 
Interest Period] [As specified in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 4.6 (Definitions)] 
 
 
Page: 
[⚫] 
 
 
Reference 
Banks: 
[ ⚫][As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.6 (Definitions)] 
 
 
[Margin 
(for 
the 
Screen 
Rate):] (delete 
if 
not 
applicable) 
[⚫] 
 
 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate (for the 
Screen Rate):] 
(delete if not 
applicable) 
[⚫]

--- Page 924 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
896 
 
 
 
(insert if any 
Reference Rate 
is a Floating 
Interest 
Rate 
and 
ISDA 
Determination 
is 
applicable) 
[ISDA 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[⚫] 
 
 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[⚫] 
 
 
Reset Date: 
[⚫][First day of the relevant Interest Period]] 
 
 
[Margin 
(for 
the 
ISDA 
Rate):] (delete 
if 
not 
applicable) 
[⚫] 
 
 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate (for the 
ISDA 
Rate):] 
(delete if not 
applicable) 
[⚫] 
 
 
(insert 
if 
Reference Rate 
is 
a 
CMS 
Interest 
Rate) 
[CMS Interest 
Rate: 
[Single CMS Interest Rate/Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates/CMS Spread Interest Rate] 
 
 
["CMS Reference Rate 
[1]"] (If CMS Interest 
Rate is "Worse of CMS 
Interest Rates" or "CMS 
Spread Interest Rate", 
insert 
heading 
"CMS 
Reference Rate 1") 
["CMS Reference Rate 
2"] (If CMS Interest Rate 
is 
"Worse 
of 
CMS 
Interest Rates" or "CMS 
Spread Interest Rate", 
insert this column) 
 
 
Relevant Swap 
Rate: 
[EUR/GBP/USD/ Mid-
Market] Swap Rate 
[[EUR/GBP/USD/ Mid-
Market] Swap Rate 
 
 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[⚫][month[s]/year[s]] 
[⚫][month[s]/year[s]] 
 
 
[-Relevant 
Financial 
Centre:] (Insert 
if 
Relevant 
Swap Rate is 
Mid-Market 
Swap Rate) 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
 
Relevant Time: 
[⚫] 
[⚫]

--- Page 925 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
897 
 
 
 
Reference 
Currency: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
 
Interest 
Determination  
Date(s): 
[[Daily/Periodic] 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable: [⚫]][⚫] 
[[Daily/Periodic] Rate 
Determination is 
applicable: [⚫]][⚫] 
 
 
Page: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
 
Reference 
Banks: 
[ ⚫][As specified in 
Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.3(e) (CMS 
Reference Rate Fallback 
Provisions)] 
[⚫][As specified in 
Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 
4.3(e) (CMS Reference 
Rate Fallback 
Provisions)] 
 
 
(insert if any 
Reference Rate  
is subject to a 
Minimum 
Reference Rate) 
[Minimum 
Reference Rate: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable]] 
[⚫] [Not Applicable]] 
 
 
(insert if any 
Reference Rate 
is subject to a 
Maximum 
Reference Rate) 
[Maximum 
Reference Rate:
 
 
[⚫] [Not Applicable]] 
[⚫] [Not Applicable]] 
 
 
Margin [1] (for 
CMS Reference 
Rate [1]): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][⚫] per cent. per annum] (specify 
each Margin [1] if more than one by inserting a Rate 
Table below) 
 
 
 
(If CMS Interest Rate is "Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate", insert the 
following sub-paragraph) 
 
 
[Margin 2 (for 
CMS Reference 
Rate 2):] 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][⚫] per cent. per annum] (specify 
each Margin 2 if more than one by inserting a Rate 
Table below) 
 
 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate [1] (for 
CMS Reference 
Rate [1]): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]  
(specify each Interest Participation Rate [1] if more 
than one by inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
 
(If CMS Interest Rate is "Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate", insert the 
following sub-paragraph) 
 
 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate 
2 
(for 
CMS Reference 
Rate 2): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]  
(specify each Interest Participation Rate 2 if more 
than one by inserting a Rate Table below)]

--- Page 926 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
898 
 
(Insert the table below if more than one Floating Interest Rate and Screen Rate Determination is 
applicable or, if more than one forward rate is applicable, as required) 
 
[Reference Rate Table] 
Interest Period End Date(s) 
Reference Rate 
[Page 
[Relevant Financial 
Centre] 
[Interest Determination 
Date(s)] 
[Forward 
Rate][Reference 
Banks] 
[Specified Time] 
[Interest Payment Date(s) / [⚫] 
in each year [adjusted in 
accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention]/not 
adjusted]] [(See General 
Condition 8(h) (Business Day 
Convention))] 
[[⚫] month [(the 
"Designated Maturity") 
(include where Linear 
Interpolation is 
applicable)] [insert 
currency] [EURIBOR / 
LIBOR / STIBOR / 
NIBOR / CIBOR / 
ROBOR / TIBOR / 
HIBOR] [BBSW (being 
the Sydney average mid 
rate for AUD bills of 
exchange)] [BKBM 
(being the Wellington rate 
for New Zealand Dollar 
bills of exchange)]][insert 
details of implied forward 
rate] 
[⚫]] 
[⚫] 
 
[⚫] 
 
(Insert table below if "Worse of CMS Interest Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate" is applicable and 
there is more than one Margin 1, Margin 2, Interest Participation Rate 1, Interest Participation Rate 2 
or Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate (as applicable) in respect of CMS Referent Rate 1 and CMS 
Reference Rate 2 for different Interest Periods, as required) 
[Rate Table] 
 
CMS Reference Rate 1 
CMS Reference Rate 2 
[Interest Period 
End Date(s)] 
[Margin 
1] 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate 1] 
[Minimum/Maximu
m Reference Rate] 
[Margin 
2] 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate 2] 
[Minimum/Maximu
m Reference Rate] 
[Interest Payment 
Date(s) / [●]in 
each year [adjusted 
in accordance with 
[specify Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted]] 
[Not 
Applicab
le / [+/-
][●]per 
cent. per 
annum] 
(repeat 
as 
required
) 
[●] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[●]/ [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
[Not 
Applicable 
/ [+/-][●] 
per cent. 
per 
annum] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[●] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
 
(Insert table below if there is more than one Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate for different Interest 
Periods, as required) 
Interest Period End 
Date(s) 
[reference rate][one[s]] 
[reference rate][two[s]] 
[Specified Rate 1] 
[Specified Rate 2] 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Reference Rate] 
[Minimum/Maximum Reference 
Rate] 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Reference Rate] 
[insert date(s)] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫] / [Not Applicable] (repeat as 
required) 
[⚫] / [Not Applicable] (repeat as 
required) 
[⚫] / [Not Applicable] (repeat 
as required) 
 
(Insert the table below if the Interest Rate, the Barrier or the Upper Range and Lower Range is different 
for each Interest Period, as required)  
[Range Accrual Table] 
[Interest Period End Date(s) 
[Reference Observation]* 
[Interest Rate]* 
[Barrier] [Upper Range] 
[Lower Range] 
[insert date(s)] (repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat as required) 
[specify] (repeat as required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required)] 
*insert additional columns for "Interest Rate" and "Reference Observation" for each Interest Period if different

--- Page 927 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
899 
 
(insert table below into if Dual Reference Observation or Triple Reference Observation is applicable, 
and if the Interest Rate, Barrier 1 and Barrier 2, or the Upper Range 1 and Lower Range 1, Upper Range 
2 and Lower Range 2, as applicable, is different for each Interest Period, as required) 
[Range Accrual Table] 
[Interest 
Period End 
Date(s) 
[Interest 
Rate] 
Accrual Condition 1 
Accrual Condition 2 
[Accrual Condition 3 
[Barrier 1] 
[Lower 
Range 1] 
[Reference 
Observation 
1]* 
[Upper 
Range 
1] 
[Barrier 2] [Lower 
Range 2] 
[Reference 
Observation 2]* 
[Upper Range 
2] 
[Barrier 3] 
[Lower 
Range 3] 
[Reference 
Observation 
3]* 
[Upper 
Range 3] 
[insert date(s)] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat 
as required) 
[specify] (repeat 
as required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required)] 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required)] 
*insert additional columns for "Reference Observation 1" under the heading "Accrual Condition 1", "Reference Observation 2" 
under the heading "Accrual Condition 2" and "Reference Observation 3" under the heading "Accrual Condition 3", for each 
Interest Period if different. 
 
(insert table below if "Lev", Adj", "RA Cap", "RA Floor" and/or "Protection Level" are different for each 
Interest Period, as required) 
 
[Range Accrual Table] 
[Interest Period 
End Date(s) 
Lev 
Adj 
RA Cap 
RA Floor 
[Protection Level 
[insert date(s)] 
(repeat as required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat 
as required)] 
 
(Insert if Reference Observation (or if Dual Reference Observation or Triple Reference Observation is applicable, Reference 
Observation 1 and Reference Observation 2) is different for each Interest Period) 
[Reference Observation Table] 
 
Reference Observation [1] [2] [3]* 
 
Reference Rate [One[s]]  
(repeat as required if more than one Reference Rate One) 
Interest Period End 
Date(s) 
Specified Fixed Rate/Reference 
Rate/Floating Rate 
Option/Relevant Swap Rate 
[Page] 
[Relevant Financial 
Centre] 
[Reset Date] 
[Interest Determination 
Date(s)] 
[Reference Banks] 
[Specified 
Time/Relevant 
Time] 
 
[Interest Payment 
Date(s) / [⚫] in each 
year [adjusted in 
accordance with [specify 
Business Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted]] (See General 
Condition 8(h) (Business 
Day Convention)) 
[Specified Fixed Rate: [⚫] % per 
annum] 
[Reference Rate: [⚫] month[s] 
[(the Designated Maturity) 
(include where Linear 
Interpolation is applicable)] [insert 
currency] [EURIBOR / LIBOR / 
STIBOR / NIBOR / CIBOR / 
ROBOR / TIBOR / HIBOR] 
[BBSW (being the Sydney average 
mid rate for AUD bills of 
exchange)] [BKBM (being the 
Wellington rate for New Zealand 
Dollar bills of exchange)]] 
[Floating Rate Option: [⚫]] 
month[s] (the Designated 
Maturity) [⚫]] 
[Relevant Swap Rate: 
[month[s]/year[s]] (the Designated 
Maturity) [EUR/GBP/USD/Mid-
Market] Swap Rate 
Reference Currency: [⚫]] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
[Reference Rate Ones] 
 
Specified Fixed Rate/Reference 
Rate/Floating Rate 
Option/Relevant Swap Rate 
[Page] 
[Relevant Financial 
Centre] 
[Reset Date] 
[Interest Determination 
Date(s)] 
[Reference Banks] 
 
[Specified 
Time/Relevant 
Time] 
 
[Reference Rate Two[s]]  
(repeat as required if more than one Reference Rate Two)

--- Page 928 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
900 
 
 
Specified Fixed Rate/Reference 
Rate/Floating Rate 
Option/Relevant Swap Rate 
[Page] 
[Relevant Financial 
Centre] 
[Reset Date] 
[Interest Determination 
Date(s)] 
[Reference Banks] 
[Specified 
Time/Relevant 
Time] 
 
[Reference Rate Two[s]] 
 
Specified Fixed Rate/Reference 
Rate/Floating Rate 
Option/Relevant Swap Rate 
[Page] 
[Relevant Financial 
Centre] 
[Reset Date] 
[Interest Determination 
Date(s)] 
[Reference Banks] 
[Specified 
Time/Relevant 
Time] 
* Insert additional columns for Reference Observation 2 and/or Reference Observation 3 if different for each Interest Period 
 
 
(F) 
Inflation Rate Security 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Interest Amount 
Inflation Index: 
(specify Underlying) 
 
II.  
Margin(s): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][⚫] per cent. per annum] 
 
III. 
UCL Relevant 
Months Prior: 
[⚫] months 
 
IV. 
UCL 
12 
+ 
Relevant 
Months Prior: 
[⚫] months 
 
V. 
DCF: 
[30/360] 
 
 
[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[1/1] 
 
(G) 
Interim 
Performance 
Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[if applicable: 
Type of Interim Performance Interest Security: [Twin 
Win/Reverse] Interim Performance Security][if an 
Interest Barrier Event has [not] occurred] [and]] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
(vii) 
Interest 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Valuation 
Disruption 
(Scheduled 
Trading 
Days): 
[Move in Block/Value What You Can/Range Accrual 
[Value What You Can/Move In Block] Observation is 
Applicable (as specified above)/Not Applicable][The 
provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 
2(c)(i) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled 
Trading Days)) [apply/do not apply.]

--- Page 929 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
901 
 
[Modified Following/Preceding Scheduled Trading 
Day] (specify for a Rate only and where the provisions 
of 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 
2(c) 
(Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading 
Days)) do not apply to that Rate) 
 
(B) 
Valuation 
Disruption 
(Disrupted Days): 
[Move in Block/Value What You Can/ Range Accrual 
[Value What You Can/Move In Block] Observation is 
Applicable (as specified above)/Not Applicable] [The 
provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 
2(d)(i) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted 
Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) apply] 
 
(C) 
Valuation Roll: 
[⚫]/[Eight] [Not Applicable] 
(If no Valuation Roll is stated, Specified Maximum 
Days of Disruption will be equal to eight) 
 
TABLE 
[[Interest 
[Period] 
Strike Level] 
[Specified 
[Interest] 
Valuation 
Date(s) 
[Lower 
/Upper] 
Interest 
Barrier Level 
[1] (%) 
[Lower 
/Upper] 
Interest 
Barrier 
Level 
[2] 
(%) 
[Lower 
/Upper] 
Interest Lock-
in Level (%) 
[Specified 
Interest 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date 
Interest 
[Amount/Rate
] if an Interest 
Barrier Event 
[1] [does not 
occur][or] 
[occurs] 
in 
respect of the 
relevant 
Interest 
Payment 
Date] [and] [in 
each 
case][Minimu
m 
Interest 
[Amount/ 
Rate] 
[and] 
[Maximum 
Interest 
[Amount/ 
Rate] 
Interest 
[Amount/Ra
te] 
if 
an 
Interest 
Barrier 
Event 
[2] 
[does 
not 
occur][or] 
[occurs] 
in 
respect 
of 
the relevant 
Interest 
Payment 
Date] [and] 
[in 
each 
case][Minim
um Interest 
[Amount/ 
Rate] [and] 
[Maximum 
Interest 
[Amount/ 
Rate] 
[IPR/FX 
Performance/
Interest 
Adjustment/Z
%] 
Interest 
Payment Date 
[[⚫] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[⚫]  
[Interest 
[Period] Initial 
Level] 
(specify 
for 
each 
Interest 
underlying, 
performance-
linked interest 
amount, 
Interest 
Barrier Level 
and 
Interest 
Period, where 
different and as 
appropriate) 
[[⚫]  
[[
⚫
] 
Scheduled 
Trading Days 
prior to [⚫]] 
[Each 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
for the Interest 
Underlying 
which is not a 
Disrupted Day 
for the Interest 
Underlying 
from 
[(and 
including)] 
[(but 
excluding)] [⚫
] 
to 
[(but 
excluding)] 
[(and 
including)][ ⚫
]]  
[As set out in 
Valuation and 
Settlement 
Condition 1.1 
(Definitions) 
(Range 
Accrual 
Securities 
only)]] 
[greater 
than 
[(or equal to)] [
⚫]% and less 
than [(or equal 
to)] [⚫]% of 
the 
Interest 
Initial Level of 
[the 
relevant 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying] [
⚫]] [greater 
than] [greater 
than or equal 
to] [less than] 
[less than or 
equal to] [⚫]% 
of the Interest 
Initial Level of 
]the 
relevant 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying] [
⚫] 
(specify 
where different 
for 
different 
Interest 
Barrier 
Underlyings, 
each 
Interest 
Barrier Event 
and 
relevant 
Performance-
Linked Interest 
Amount, 
as 
applicable) 
[greater than 
[(or 
equal 
to)] [ ⚫]% 
and less than 
[(or 
equal 
to)] [⚫]% of 
the 
Interest 
Initial Level 
of 
[the 
relevant 
Interest 
Barrier 
Underlying] 
[⚫]] [greater 
than] 
[greater than 
or equal to] 
[less 
than] 
[less than or 
equal to] [⚫
]% 
of 
the 
Interest 
Initial Level 
of 
]the 
relevant 
Interest 
Barrier 
Underlying] 
[⚫] (specify 
where 
different for 
different 
Interest 
Barrier 
Underlyings, 
each Interest 
Barrier 
Event 
and 
relevant 
Performance
-Linked 
Interest 
[greater 
than 
(or equal to) [
⚫]% and less 
than (or equal 
to) [ ⚫]% of 
the 
Interest 
Initial Level of 
[the 
relevant 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying] [
⚫]] [greater 
than] [greater 
than or equal 
to] [less than] 
[less than or 
equal to] [⚫]% 
of the Interest 
Initial Level of 
]the 
relevant 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying] [
⚫] 
(specify 
where different 
for 
different 
Interest 
Barrier 
Underlyings) 
[[⚫] 
[[
⚫
] 
Scheduled 
Trading Days 
prior to [⚫]] 
Each 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
[for 
all 
the 
Interest Barrier 
Underlyings] 
which is not a 
Disrupted Day 
[for 
any 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying] 
from 
[(and 
including)] 
[(but 
excluding)] [⚫
] 
to 
[(but 
excluding)] 
[(and 
including)] [⚫
]] 
[As set out in 
Valuation and 
Settlement 
Condition 1.1 
(Definitions) 
(Range 
Accrual 
Securities 
only)] 
 
[[[⚫][%] [per 
annum payable 
[annually 
/ 
semi-annually / 
quarterly 
/ 
monthly 
/ 
weekly / other 
(specify)]] 
in 
arrear][As set 
out 
in 
item 
13(vi)(G) 
above] if an 
Interest Barrier 
Event [1] [does 
not] occur[s] in 
respect of the 
relevant 
Interest 
Payment Date] 
[Maximum 
Interest 
[Amount/ 
Rate]: [ ⚫]] 
[and] 
[Minimum 
Interest 
[Amount/ 
Rate]: [⚫] ] / [
⚫
] 
per 
Security]]  
[Either: (i)] if 
an 
Interest 
Barrier Event 
[1] 
has 
occurred 
in 
respect of [⚫] 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying(s) 
[only] [or less], 
[⚫]] [or (ii) if 
an 
Interest 
[[[ ⚫][%] 
[per annum 
payable 
[annually 
/ 
semi-
annually 
/ 
quarterly 
/ 
monthly 
/ 
weekly 
/ 
other 
(specify)]] in 
arrear][As 
set 
out 
in 
item 
13(vi)(G) 
above] if an 
Interest 
Barrier 
Event 
[2] 
[does 
not] 
occur[s] 
in 
respect of the 
relevant 
Interest 
Payment 
Date] 
[Maximum 
Interest 
[Amount/ 
Rate]: [⚫]] 
[and] 
[Minimum 
Interest 
[Amount/ 
Rate]: [⚫] ] / 
[ ⚫] 
per 
Security]]  
[Either: (i)] if 
an 
Interest 
Barrier 
Event [2] has 
[IPR: [⚫]] 
[FX 
Performance [
⚫]]: 
[Interest 
Adjustment: 
[ ⚫] [Barrier 
Event 
Applicable: 
Barrier Event 
Satisfied 
Interest 
Adjustment: [
⚫]. 
Barrier Event 
Not 
Satisfied 
Interest 
Adjustment: [
⚫].]] 
[Z: [⚫]%] (in 
each 
case, 
specify 
alternatives 
where 
an 
interest barrier 
event 
has 
occurred 
or 
has 
not 
occurred, 
if 
applicable) 
[adjusted 
in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business Day 
Convention]/ 
not 
adjusted] 
[where EMTA 
provisions are 
applicable 
in 
respect of any 
FX Rate: or, if 
later, 
the 
Number 
of 
Settlement 
Business Days 
following 
the 
[last occurring] 
Interest 
Valuation Date 
relating to such 
Interest 
Payment Date]

--- Page 930 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
902 
 
Amount, 
as 
applicable) 
Barrier Event 
[1] 
has 
occurred 
in 
respect of [⚫] 
[or 
more] 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying(s) 
[only] [or less], 
[ ⚫]] (specify 
for the relevant 
number 
of 
Interest 
Barrier 
Underlying(s) 
where 
the 
Securities are 
Multi-Chance 
Securities] (in 
each 
case, 
specify 
as 
necessary 
for 
each 
applicable 
Interest 
Amount) 
occurred 
in 
respect of [
⚫] Interest 
Barrier 
Underlying(s
) [only] [or 
less], [ ⚫]] 
[or (ii) if an 
Interest 
Barrier 
Event [2] has 
occurred 
in 
respect of [
⚫] [or more] 
Interest 
Barrier 
Underlying(s
) [only] [or 
less], [ ⚫]] 
(specify 
for 
the relevant 
number 
of 
Interest 
Barrier 
Underlying(s
) where the 
Securities 
are 
Multi-
Chance 
Securities] 
(in 
each 
case, specify 
as necessary 
for 
each 
applicable 
Interest 
Amount) 
 
(specify for each interest payment date and delete the relevant column if not applicable) (repeat this Table and/or the applicable 
columns as necessary where there are different Interest Barrier Events occurring in respect of different Interest Payment Dates 
resulting in different Interest Amounts payable) 
 
 
14. Redemption Provisions: 
 
 
(i) 
Issuer Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[[⚫]] [Each date set out under the heading "Optional 
Redemption Date" in the Table below: 
Optional Redemption 
Date 
Optional Redemption 
Amount 
[⚫] 
[⚫]] 
(Repeat as necessary) 
 
(B) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[ ⚫] per Security] [In respect of an Optional 
Redemption Date, the amount per Security specified 
under the heading "Optional Redemption Amount" in 
the Table in item 14(i)(A) above] 
 
(C) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
I. 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[⚫] per Security 
 
II. 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[⚫] per Security 
 
(D) 
Notice period: 
[As set out in the General Conditions] [Not less than 
[⚫] Business Days]

--- Page 931 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
903 
 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different to 
those provided in the General Conditions, the Issuer 
is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
business days' notice for a call) and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Fiscal Agent). 
 
(ii) 
Investor Put 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[[⚫]] [Each date set out under the heading "Optional 
Redemption Date" in the Table below: 
(Repeat as necessary) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date 
Optional Redemption 
Amount 
[⚫] 
[⚫]] 
 
(B) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[ ⚫]per Security] [In respect of an Optional 
Redemption Date, the amount per Security specified 
under the heading "Optional Redemption Amount" in 
the Table in item 14(ii)(A) above] 
 
(C) 
Notice period: 
[As set out in the General Conditions] [Not less than 
[⚫] Business Days] 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different to 
those provided in the General Conditions, the Issuer 
is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
business days' notice for a put) and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Fiscal Agent) 
 
(iii) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
General: 
 
 
(A) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Strike 
Level, Specified MER 
Valuation 
Date, 
Specified MER Upper 
Barrier Event Valuation 
Date, 
Lower 
MER 
Barrier 
Level, 
Upper 
MER 
Barrier 
Level, 
MER 
Barrier 
Level, 
Specified MER Barrier 
Observation Date, MER 
See Table below

--- Page 932 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
904 
 
Amount, 
Upper 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Amount and 
Lower Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Amount, 
MERPR, MERPR Call, 
MERPR Put, MER Date 
(as relevant): 
 
(B) 
Specified 
Mandatory 
Early Redemption Strike 
Date: 
[Insert as appropriate - For the purpose of 
determining [whether a MER Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked MER 
Redemption Amount [if a MER Redemption Barrier 
Event has [not] occurred]:] [Not Applicable][⚫] [and 
[⚫]]] [[⚫] Scheduled Trading Days prior to [⚫]] each 
Scheduled Trading Day for the relevant Mandatory 
Early Redemption Underlying which is not a 
Disrupted Day for that Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying from [(and including)] [(but excluding)] [
⚫] to [(but excluding) [(and including)] [⚫]] (where a 
different Specified Mandatory Early Redemption 
Strike Date applies for any Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying, specify for each Mandatory 
Early Redemption Underlying) 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Underlying(s) 
relevant 
to 
Mandatory Early Redemption, 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Provisions and levels 
of 
the 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Underlying(s) 
 
 
(A) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Underlying: 
[[⚫]] [The Underlyings specified in item 12 above] 
[and [each] such Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying shall be an Mandatory Early Redemption 
Outperformance [A/B] Underlying (specify for each 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying where 
Outperformance Provisions apply in respect of the 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Provisions)] 
 
(B) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Underlying(s): 
[The Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying/All of 
the Mandatory Early Redemption Underlyings/Any 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Underlying/The 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Underlying/Each Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying (subject to a minimum of [⚫] Mandatory 
Early Redemption Underlyings)] 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Single 
Underlying 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a MER Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked MER

--- Page 933 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
905 
 
Redemption Amount [if a MER Redemption Barrier 
Event has [not] occurred]:] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 934 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
906 
 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Weighted 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a MER Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked MER 
Redemption Amount [if a MER Redemption Barrier 
Event has [not] occurred]:] 
(repeat and complete this subparagraph as necessary 
in respect of each MER Barrier Event and 
Performance-Linked MER Redemption Amount 
(denoted with a suffix, as applicable)) (If not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Rainbow 
Weighting: 
[Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as set 
out below: 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying 
Wn 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying with highest (or 
equal highest) Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
for that Mandatory Early Redemption Date] 
[⚫]%
[Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying with [ ⚫] 
highest (or [⚫] equal [highest/lowest]) Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance for that Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date] 
[⚫]%
(complete for each relevant Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying) 
 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying with lowest (or 
equal lowest) Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
for that Mandatory Early Redemption Date] 
[⚫]%
/Not Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as set 
out below: 
 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying 
Wn 
[⚫] 
[⚫]%
[⚫] 
[⚫]%
(complete for each relevant Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying) 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]%
 
II. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 935 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
907 
 
 
III. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 936 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
908 
 
 
(C) 
Best 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a MER Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked MER 
Redemption Amount [if a MER Redemption Barrier 
Event has [not] occurred] [where Nth means 
(specify)]: [(i.e., the highest)]] 
(repeat and complete this subparagraph as necessary 
in respect of each MER Barrier Event and 
Performance-Linked MER Redemption Amount 
(denoted with a suffix, as applicable)) (If not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 937 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
909 
 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Worst 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a MER Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked MER 
Redemption Amount [if a MER Redemption Barrier 
Event has [not] occurred] [where Nth means 
(specify)]: [(i.e., the lowest)] 
(repeat and complete this subparagraph as necessary 
in respect of each MER Barrier Event and 
Performance-Linked MER Redemption Amount 
(denoted with a suffix, as applicable)) (If not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 938 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
910 
 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Outperformance 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a MER Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked MER 
Redemption Amount [if a MER Redemption Barrier 
Event has [not] occurred]:] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Provisions 
for 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance 
A 
Underlying: 
 
 
I. 
Single 
Underlying 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 939 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
911 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
Maximum 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Weighted 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Rainbow 
Weighting: 
[Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as set 
out below: 
Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance A 
Underlying 
Wn 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance A 
Underlying with highest (or equal highest) Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance for that Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date] 
[⚫]%
[Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance A 
Underlying with [ ⚫] highest (or [ ⚫] equal 
[highest/lowest]) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance for that Mandatory Early Redemption 
Date] 
[⚫]%
(complete for each relevant Mandatory Early Redemptio
Outperformance A Underlying) 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance A 
Underlying with lowest (or equal lowest) Mandatory 
[⚫]%

--- Page 940 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
912 
 
Early Redemption Performance for that Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date] 
/Not Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as set out below: 
Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance A 
Underlying 
Wn 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
(complete for each relevant Mandatory Early Redemption 
Outperformance A Underlying) 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Best of Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 941 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
913 
 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Worst of Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 942 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
914 
 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Provisions 
for 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance 
B 
Underlying: 
 
 
I. 
Single 
Underlying 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Weighted 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Rainbow 
Weighting: 
[Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as set 
out below:

--- Page 943 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
915 
 
Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance B 
Underlying 
Wn 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance B 
Underlying with highest (or equal highest) Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance for that Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date] 
[⚫]% 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance B 
Underlying with [ ⚫] highest (or [ ⚫] equal 
[highest/lowest]) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance for that Mandatory Early Redemption Date] 
[⚫]% 
(complete 
for 
each 
relevant 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Outperformance B Underlying) 
 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance B 
Underlying with lowest (or equal lowest) Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance for that Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date] 
[⚫]% 
/Not Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as set out below: 
Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance B 
Underlying 
Wn 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
(complete 
for 
each 
relevant 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Outperformance B Underlying) 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
Maximum 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 944 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
916 
 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
 
III.  
Best of Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Worst of Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
B 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 945 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
917 
 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Provisions relating to levels of the 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Underlying(s) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Initial 
Level: 
[Insert as appropriate - For the purpose of 
determining [whether a MER Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and/,] [MER Performance Amount] [and] 
[the Performance-Linked MER Redemption Amount 
[if a MER Redemption Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred]:] [Closing Level on Mandatory Early 
Redemption Strike Date/Closing Level on MER Re 
Strike Date/Arithmetic Average Closing Level on 
Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Dates/Lowest 
Closing Level on Mandatory Early Redemption 
Strike Dates/Lowest Intra-day Level on Mandatory 
Early Redemption Strike Dates/Highest Closing 
Level on Mandatory Early Redemption Strike 
Dates/Highest Intra-day Level on Mandatory Early 
Redemption Strike Dates/(specify, in table form, 
where appropriate, for each Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying) [Not Applicable]] 
 
 
(if no pre-determined level is specified, then 
Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Dates will need 
to be included) 
(repeat as necessary in respect of each MER Barrier 
Event and Performance-Linked MER Redemption 
Amount (denoted with a suffix, as applicable)) 
 
(B) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Reference 
Level: 
[Not Applicable][Insert as appropriate - For the 
purpose of determining [whether a MER Barrier 
Event has occurred] [and/,] [MER Performance 
Amount] [and] [the Performance-Linked MER 
Redemption Amount [if a MER Redemption Barrier 
Event has [not] occurred] [and] [[I/i]n respect of 
[insert relevant MER Underlying]:]:] [Closing Level 
on 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date/Arithmetic 
Average 
Closing 
Level 
on 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Dates/Lowest Closing Level on Mandatory Early 
Redemption Valuation Dates/Lowest Intra-day Level

--- Page 946 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
918 
 
on 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Dates/Highest Closing Level on Mandatory Early 
Redemption Valuation Dates/Highest Intra-day Level 
on Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Dates] 
(repeat as necessary in respect of each MER Barrier 
Event and Performance-Linked MER Redemption 
Amount (denoted with a suffix, as applicable)) 
 
Provisions relating to a Mandatory 
Early Redemption Barrier Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event: 
[Insert if appropriate. In respect of [insert relevant 
MER 
Underlying 
and/or 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event]:] 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable 
– 
[Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
European 
Observation/Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Event 
European 
Performance 
Observation/Mandatory Early Redemption Event 
American 
Performance 
Observation/Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
American 
Observation – Closing Level/Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event American Observation – 
Intra-Day 
Level/Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier Event American One-Touch Observation – 
Closing Level/Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Event American One-Touch Observation – Intra-Day 
Level/Target Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Event and, for which purpose: 
 
 
Target 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
(Capped) 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
Target 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Threshold Amount: (specify aggregate 
amount in respect of all Interest Payment 
Dates and a Calculation Amount)]]] (repeat 
as necessary in respect of each MER Barrier 
Event (denoted with a suffix, as applicable)) 
 
Provisions relating to a Mandatory 
Early Redemption Upper Barrier 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Upper 
Barrier Event: 
[Insert if appropriate. In respect of [insert relevant 
MER Underlying]:] [Mandatory Early Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
European 
Performance 
Observation/Mandatory Early Redemption Upper 
Barrier Event European Observation]] 
 
(B) 
MER 
Upper 
Barrier 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [greater than] [greater than or equal to] 
[less than] [less than or equal to] [[⚫]%] [of [the 
Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Level of the 
relevant Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Underlying / [ ⚫] (specify, in table format, where 
appropriate where different for different Mandatory

--- Page 947 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
919 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Underlyings)]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
Provisions 
relating 
to 
the 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
 
 
(A) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Amount due 
where 
MER 
Upper 
Barrier Percentage is Not 
Applicable: 
[The 
Performance-Linked 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Amount determined in accordance with 
the [Put] [Call] [Call Spread – Put Spread] [Twin 
Win] Option Provisions/See MER Amount in Table 
below/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Amount due 
where 
MER 
Upper 
Barrier 
Percentage 
is 
Applicable: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Upper 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[The 
Performance-Linked 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Amount determined in accordance with 
the [Put] [Call] [Call Spread – Put Spread] [Twin 
Win] Option Provisions/See Table below/Not 
Applicable] 
 
II.  
Lower 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[The 
Performance-Linked 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Amount determined in accordance with 
the [Put] [Call] [Call Spread – Put Spread] [Twin 
Win] Option Provisions/See Table below Not 
Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Performance-Linked 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Relevant 
Percentage: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred:][[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred:][[⚫]/ Not Applicable]  
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred:] [[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred:] [[⚫]]/ Not Applicable]

--- Page 948 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
920 
 
Adjustment 
Amount: 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Participation 
Rate: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred: ] [[⚫]/ Not Applicable]  
(repeat as necessary) 
 
II. 
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub paragraphs)] 
 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred: ] [[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred: ] [[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Adjustment 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred:] [[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Participation 
Rate: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred: ] [[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
III. 
Call Spread – 
Put 
Spread 
Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub paragraphs)] 
 
Call Cap: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred: ] [⚫] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Put Cap: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred: ] [⚫] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Call Floor: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred: ] [⚫] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Put Floor: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred: ] [⚫]

--- Page 949 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
921 
 
 
Global 
Participation 
Rate: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred:] [⚫] 
 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred: ] [⚫] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred: ] [⚫] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Adjustment 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred: ] [[⚫]/] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Participation 
Rate Call: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred: ] [⚫] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Participation 
Rate Put: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred: ] [⚫] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
IV. 
Twin 
Win 
Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable (If Not Applicable, 
delete the remaining sub paragraphs)] 
 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred:] [[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Adjustment 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred: ] [[⚫]/ Not Applicable]  
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Participation 
Rate: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred: ] [[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Underlying Valuation Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 950 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
922 
 
 
(A) 
Valuation 
Disruption 
(Scheduled 
Trading 
Days): 
[Move 
in 
Block/Value 
What 
You 
Can/Not 
Applicable][The 
provisions 
of 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement Condition 2(c)[(i)] (Adjustments to 
Valuation 
Dates 
(Scheduled 
Trading 
Days)) 
[apply/do not apply.] 
[Modified Following/Preceding Scheduled Trading 
Day] (specify for a Rate only and where the 
provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(c) 
(Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading 
Days)) do not apply to that Rate) 
 
(B) 
Valuation 
Disruption 
(Disrupted Days): 
[Move 
in 
Block/Value 
What 
You 
Can/Not 
Applicable/[ ⚫]] [The provisions of Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(d)[(i)] (Adjustments to 
Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying 
Closing Levels)) [apply/do not apply]] 
 
(C) 
Valuation Roll: 
[⚫]/[Eight] [Not Applicable]  
(If no Valuation Roll is stated, Specified Maximum 
Days of Disruption will be equal to eight) 
 
TABLE 
MER Strike 
Level 
Specified MER 
Valuation 
Date(s) 
Specified MER 
Upper Barrier 
Event 
Valuation Date 
[Lower / 
Upper] MER 
Barrier Level 
(%) 
Specified MER 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date 
MER 
Amount/Upper 
Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Amount And 
Lower 
Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
MERPR (%) 
MER Date 
[Insert 
as 
appropriate 
- 
For the purpose 
of 
determining 
[whether a MER 
Barrier 
Event 
has 
occurred] 
[and] 
[the 
Performance-
Linked 
MER 
Redemption 
Amount 
[if 
a 
MER 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
has 
[not] 
occurred]:] 
[Not Applicable] 
[[⚫]] 
[MER 
Initial 
Level] 
(specify for each 
MER 
Underlying 
where different)] 
[Not Applicable] 
[[⚫]] 
[[⚫] Scheduled 
Trading 
Days 
prior to [⚫]] 
[Each Scheduled 
Trading Day for 
the 
MER 
Underlying 
which is not a 
Disrupted 
Day 
for 
the 
MER 
Underlying from 
[(and including)] 
[(but excluding)] 
[ ⚫] to [(but 
excluding)] 
[(and including)] 
[⚫]] 
[Not Applicable] 
[[⚫]] 
[[Each] 
[Any] 
Scheduled 
Trading Day [for 
all 
the 
MER 
Underlyings 
which is not a 
Disrupted 
Day 
[for any MER 
Underlying] 
from 
[(and 
including)] [(but 
excluding)] [⚫] 
to 
[(but 
excluding)] 
[(and including)] 
[⚫]] 
[Not Applicable] 
[[⚫]] 
[Insert 
as 
appropriate 
- 
For the purpose 
of 
determining 
[whether a MER 
Barrier 
Event 
has 
occurred] 
[and] 
[the 
Performance-
Linked 
MER 
Redemption 
Amount 
[if 
a 
MER 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
has 
[not] 
occurred]:] [Not 
Applicable] 
[[⚫]] 
[[⚫] Scheduled 
Trading 
Days 
prior to [⚫]] 
[Each Scheduled 
Trading Day [for 
all 
the 
MER 
Barrier 
Underlyings] 
which is not a 
Disrupted 
Day 
[for any MER 
Barrier 
Underlying] 
from 
[(and 
including)] [(but 
excluding)] [⚫] 
to 
[(but 
excluding)] 
[Not Applicable] 
[⚫] 
[(subject 
to 
a 
Maximum 
Amount (cap) of [
⚫]] [and] [subject 
to 
a 
Minimum 
Amount (floor) of 
[⚫]] 
[Insert 
as 
appropriate - 
For 
the 
purpose 
of 
determining 
[whether 
a 
MER 
Barrier 
Event 
has 
occurred] 
[and] 
[the 
Performance-
Linked 
MER 
Redemption 
Amount [if a 
MER 
Redemption 
Barrier Event 
has 
[not] 
occurred]:] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[[⚫]] 
[[⚫] being the 
MERPR 
Call 
and [⚫] being 
the 
MERPR 
Put] 
[⚫] 
[adjusted 
in 
accordance with 
[specify Business 
Day 
Convention]/ not 
adjusted] [where 
EMTA 
provisions 
are 
applicable 
in 
respect of any 
FX Rate: or, if 
later, 
the 
Number 
of 
Settlement 
Business 
Days 
following 
the 
[last occurring] 
MER Valuation 
Date relating to 
such MER Date]

--- Page 951 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
923 
 
[(and including)] 
[⚫]] 
 
(specify for each MER date where relevant and delete the relevant column if not applicable) 
(repeat this Table and/or the applicable columns as necessary where there are different MER 
events occurring in respect of different MER dates resulting in different MER amounts payable) 
 
 
 
(iv) 
Redemption Amount: 
[[⚫] per Security/See item (v) below] 
 
(v) 
Underlying 
Linked 
Securities 
Redemption Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph or, if the Securities 
are Preference Share Linked Securities, delete all 
the following sub paragraphs of this paragraph 
except the sub paragraph entitled "Provisions 
relating 
to 
the 
Preference 
Share-Linked 
Redemption Amount in respect of Preference Share 
Linked Securities") 
 
Dates 
 
 
(A) 
Specified 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date: 
[[Insert as appropriate - For the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] 
Barrier 
Event 
has 
occurred] 
[and] 
[the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount [if a 
Redemption Barrier Event has [not] occurred]:] [[⚫
]] [[⚫] Scheduled Trading Days prior to [⚫]] [Each 
Scheduled Trading Day [for all the Redemption 
Underlyings] which is not a Disrupted Day [for any 
Redemption Underlying] from [(and including)] 
[(but excluding)] [ ⚫] to [(but excluding)] [(and 
including)][⚫]]] [Not Applicable] 
(repeat and complete this subparagraph as 
necessary) 
 
(B) 
Specified Final Valuation 
Date(s): 
[Insert as appropriate - For the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] 
Barrier 
Event 
has 
occurred] 
[and] 
[the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount [if a 
Redemption Barrier Event has [not] occurred]:] [[⚫
]] [[ ⚫] Scheduled Trading Days prior to [ ⚫]] 
[Expiry Date]  
(repeat and complete this subparagraph as 
necessary) 
 
 
(specify "Expiry Date" for Securities linked to 
Dividend Futures Contracts where the Relevant 
Price for the Specified Final Valuation Date is 
specified to be the "final settlement price" in item 
12(ii) above) 
 
(C) 
Specified 
Redemption 
Strike Date: 
[[Insert as applicable - [In respect of [insert 
relevant Interest Underlying, Redemption Barrier 
Event or Performance Linked Interest Amount]:] 
[Not Applicable/[[⚫]] [[⚫] [and [⚫]] [[⚫] Scheduled 
Trading Days prior to [⚫]]/ Each Scheduled Trading 
Day for the relevant Redemption Underlying which

--- Page 952 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
924 
 
is not a Disrupted Day for that Redemption 
Underlying 
from 
[(and 
including)] 
[(but 
excluding)] [ ⚫] to [(but excluding)] [(and 
including)] [⚫]] [Not Applicable] (where a different 
Specified Redemption Strike Date applies for any 
Redemption Underlying, Redemption Barrier Event 
and/or Performance Linked Redemption Amount, 
repeat 
and 
specify 
for 
each 
Redemption 
Underlying, Redemption Barrier Event and/or 
Performance Linked Redemption Amount, as 
appropriate)] [Not Applicable] 
[See also Market Timer Redemption Strike Date(s) 
below] 
 
Underlying(s) 
relevant 
to 
redemption, Final Performance 
provisions and levels of the 
Redemption Underlying(s) 
 
 
(A) 
Redemption 
Underlying(s): 
[⚫] [The Underlyings specified in item 12 above] 
[and [each] such Redemption Underlying shall be 
the Final Outperformance [A/B] Underlying 
(specify for each Redemption Underlying where 
Outperformance Provisions apply in respect of the 
Final Performance Provisions)] (repeat for each 
Redemption Underlying, as appropriate) 
 
(B) 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Underlying(s): 
[ ⚫] [The Redemption Underlying/All of the 
Redemption 
Underlyings/Any 
Redemption 
Underlying/The Final Performance Underlying] 
[specify Underlying(s)] [Not Applicable] 
 
Final Performance Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Single 
Underlying 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Redemption [Upper] 
Barrier 
Event 
has 
occurred] 
[and] 
[the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount [if a 
Redemption Barrier Event has [not] occurred]:] 
(repeat and complete this subparagraph as 
necessary) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 953 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
925 
 
 
IV. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Final 
Performance 
Adjustment 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [+/-][⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Weighted 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] 
Barrier 
Event 
has 
occurred] 
[and] 
[the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount [if a 
Redemption Barrier Event has [not] occurred]:] 
(repeat and complete this subparagraph as 
necessary) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Rainbow 
Weighting: 
[Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as 
set out below: 
Redemption Underlying 
Wn 
[Redemption Underlying with highest (or equal highest) 
Final Performance] 
[⚫]%
[Redemption Underlying with [⚫] highest (or [⚫] equal 
[highest/lowest]) Final Performance] 
[⚫]%
(complete for each relevant Redemption Underlying) 
 
[Redemption Underlying with lowest (or equal lowest) 
Final Performance] 
[⚫]%
/Not Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as set out bel

--- Page 954 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
926 
 
Redemption Underlying 
Wn 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
(complete for each relevant Redemption Underlying) 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
II. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Final 
Performance 
Adjustment 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [+/-][⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Best 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] 
Barrier 
Event 
has 
occurred] 
[and] 
[the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount [if a

--- Page 955 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
927 
 
Redemption Barrier Event has [not] occurred] 
[where Nth means (specify)]: [(i.e., the highest)]]  
(repeat and complete this subparagraph as 
necessary) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Worst 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] 
Barrier 
Event 
has 
occurred] 
[and] 
[the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount [if a 
Redemption Barrier Event has [not] occurred] 
[where Nth means (specify)]: [(i.e., the lowest)]  
(repeat and complete this subparagraph as 
necessary)

--- Page 956 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
928 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Outperformance 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] 
Barrier 
Event 
has 
occurred] 
[and] 
[the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount [if a 
Redemption Barrier Event has [not] occurred]:] 
(repeat and complete this subparagraph as 
necessary) 
(If Not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Final Performance Provisions 
for Final Outperformance A 
Underlying:

--- Page 957 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
929 
 
 
I. 
Single 
Underlying 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Weighted 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Rainbow 
Weighting: 
[Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as 
set out below: 
 
 
 
Final Outperformance A Underlying 
Wn 
[Final Outperformance A Underlying with highest (or 
equal highest) Final Performance] 
[⚫]%
[Final Outperformance A Underlying with [⚫] highest 
(or [⚫] equal [highest/lowest]) Final Performance] 
[⚫]%
(complete for each relevant Final Outperformance A 
Underlying) 
 
Final Outperformance A Underlying with lowest (or 
equal lowest) Final Performance] 
[⚫]%
(complete for each relevant Final Outperformance A 
Underlying)

--- Page 958 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
930 
 
Final Outperformance A Underlying 
Wn 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
(complete for each relevant Final Outperformance A 
Underlying) 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]  
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Best of Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 959 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
931 
 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Worst of Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 960 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
932 
 
 
Final Performance Provisions 
for Final Outperformance B 
Underlying: 
 
 
I. 
Single 
Underlying 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Weighted 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Rainbow 
Weighting: 
[Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as 
set out below: 
 
 
 
Final Outperformance B Underlying 
Wn 
[Final Outperformance B Underlying with highest (or 
equal highest) Final Performance] 
[⚫]%
[Final Outperformance B Underlying with [⚫] highest 
(or [⚫] equal [highest/lowest]) Final Performance] 
[⚫]%
(complete for each relevant Final Outperformance B 
Underlying)

--- Page 961 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
933 
 
[Final Outperformance B Underlying with lowest (or 
equal lowest) Final Performance] 
[⚫]% 
/Not Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as set out below: 
Final Outperformance B Underlying 
Wn 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
(complete for each relevant Final Outperformance B 
Underlying) 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Best of Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 962 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
934 
 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Worst of Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final 
Outperf 
B 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 963 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
935 
 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
 
(F) 
Arithmetic 
Mean 
Underlying Return: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] 
Barrier 
Event 
has 
occurred] 
[and] 
[the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount [if a 
Redemption Barrier Event has [not] occurred]:] 
(repeat and complete this subparagraph as 
necessary) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Final 
Performance 
Adjustment 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 964 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
936 
 
 
X. 
Underlying 
Return 
(Final) 
Provisions: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Underlying 
Return (Final): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Underlying 
Return (Final): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Single Cap – 
Single Valuation 
Date: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]  
[If applicable: 
Single Cap: [⚫]] 
 
Single Floor – 
Single Valuation 
Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
[If applicable: 
Single Floor: [⚫]]] 
 
Single Cap – 
Multiple 
Valuation Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
[If applicable: 
Single Cap: [⚫]] 
 
Single Floor – 
Multiple 
Valuation Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [If applicable:  
Single Floor: [⚫]] 
 
Single Target: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable: 
 
 
[[equal to or less than] [equal to or greater than] 
[less than] [greater than] (select one) 
 
 
Single Target Underlying Redemption Threshold 
Percentage: [⚫]% 
 
 
Single Target Underlying Redemption Performance 
Percentage: [⚫]%] 
 
 
[Single Target Redemption (Barrier): [Barrier 
Event Satisfaction Required] [and] [Barrier Event 
Satisfaction Not Required] 
 
 
[Single 
Target 
Underlying 
Redemption 
Performance (Barrier Event [Not] Satisfied) 
Percentage: [⚫]] (repeat if necessary) 
 
Oasis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If applicable insert: 
 
 
Oasis – [Best Performing Only] [Multiple Best 
Performing]

--- Page 965 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
937 
 
 
 
[Oasis Final Underlying Performance Percentage: [
⚫]%] 
 
 
[Insert and complete following table if Oasis – 
Multiple Best Performing applies: 
 
 
 
 
Best Oasis Performer 
Oasis Final Underlying 
Performance Percentage 
1 
Best Oasis Performer 1 
[⚫]% 
2 
Best Oasis Performer 2 
[⚫]% 
 
(repeat for each Best 
Oasis 
Performer, 
as 
appropriate, up to Best 
Oasis Performer X) 
 
[X] 
Best Oasis Performer [X] 
[⚫]% 
 
(G) 
Cliquet: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] 
Barrier 
Event 
has 
occurred] 
[and] 
[the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount [if a 
Redemption Barrier Event has [not] occurred]:] 
(repeat and complete this subparagraph as 
necessary) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Cliquet 
Underlying 
Return: 
[Sum of Underlying Return Cliquet (Final)]  
[Product of Underlying Return Cliquet (Final)] 
 
 
[Period Performance Less Cliquet Return – Sum 
(Final)] 
 
 
[Absolute Period Performance Less Cliquet Return 
– Sum (Final)] 
 
 
[Period Performance Less Cliquet Return – Product 
(Final)] 
 
 
[Absolute Period Performance Less Cliquet Return 
– Product (Final)] 
 
 
[Cliquet Return Less Period Performance – Sum 
(Final)] 
 
 
[Cliquet Return Less Absolute Period Performance 
– Sum (Final)] 
 
 
[Cliquet Return Less Period Performance – Product 
(Final)] 
 
 
[Cliquet Return Less Absolute Period Performance 
– Product (Final)] 
 
 
[Insert if Final Period Performance is applicable: 
 
 
[Final Period Performance [1/2/3] applies[, subject 
to a [Maximum Final Period Performance] [and]

--- Page 966 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
938 
 
[Minimum Final Period Performance] [of [⚫]%] 
[and [⚫]%, respectively]. 
 
 
D is equal to [⚫].] 
 
 
C is equal to [⚫] per cent. 
 
II. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Cliquet 
Final 
Performance 
Floor: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable – [Cliquet Final 
Performance Floor/Global Lock-in Floor]]  
[Insert the following if Cliquet Final Performance 
Floor applies: 
 
 
Cliquet Final Performance Sum Integer: [Highest 
(or equal highest) [positive] integer] [Lowest (or 
equal lowest) [positive] integer] 
 
 
[greater than] [greater than or equal to] [less than] 
[less than or equal to]

--- Page 967 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
939 
 
 
 
Cliquet Final Performance Sum Multiple: [⚫] [Not 
Applicable]] 
 
 
[Insert if Global Lock-in Floor applies: 
 
 
[greater than] [greater than or equal to] [less than] 
[less than or equal to] 
 
 
Global Lock-in Floor Trigger Level: [⚫] 
 
 
Global Lock-in Floor Percentage: [⚫]]] 
 
XI. 
Cliquet 
Underlying 
Return 
(Final) 
Provisions: 
[Not Applicable] (delete remaining sub paragraphs 
of this paragraph if N/A)  
[Cliquet A (Final)] [Cliquet B (Final)] [Cliquet C 
(Final)] [Cliquet A Absolute (Final)] [Cliquet B 
Absolute (Final)] [Cliquet C Absolute (Final)] 
 
 
[Insert if applicable and Cliquet B (Final) or 
Cliquet B Absolute (Final) applies: 
 
 
[Cliquet B Highest (Final) applies. 
 
 
U means [⚫]. 
 
 
 
Number of 
Specified Cliquet 
Final Valuation 
Period: 
Relevant Specified 
Cliquet Final 
Valuation Dates: 
Relevant Cliquet B 
Highest Return 
Redemption 
Decimal 
1 
[insert dates] 
[insert decimal] 
[repeat 
rows 
for 
each 
Specified 
Cliquet 
Final 
Valuation Period if 
more 
than 
1 
applies]] 
 
 
 
[Cliquet B Lowest (Final) applies. 
Number of 
Specified Cliquet 
Final Valuation 
Period: 
Relevant Specified 
Cliquet Final 
Valuation Dates: 
Relevant Cliquet B 
Highest Return 
Redemption 
Decimal 
1 
[insert dates] 
[insert decimal] 
[repeat 
rows 
for 
each 
Specified 
Cliquet 
Final 
Valuation Period if 
more 
than 
1 
applies]] 
 
 
 
[Insert if applicable and Cliquet C (Final) or 
Cliquet C Absolute (Final) applies: 
 
 
[greater than] [greater than or equal to] [less than] 
[less than or equal to] 
 
 
Cliquet C Redemption Target: [⚫] 
 
 
Cliquet C Lock-in Redemption Decimal: [⚫]].

--- Page 968 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
940 
 
 
 
[Insert if applicable: 
 
 
[Cliquet Underlying Return Redemption Cap: [⚫] 
 
 
[Cliquet Underlying Return Redemption Floor: [⚫
]] 
 
(H) 
Himalaya 
Final 
Performance 
– 
Asian 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] 
Barrier 
Event 
has 
occurred] 
[and] 
[the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount [if a 
Redemption Barrier Event has [not] occurred]:] 
(repeat and complete this subparagraph as 
necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 969 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
941 
 
 
IX. 
Best 
of/Worst 
of: 
Best of Himalaya Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Worst of Himalaya Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Provisions relating to levels of the 
Redemption Underlying(s) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Redemption Initial Level: 
[[Insert as appropriate - For the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] 
Barrier 
Event 
has 
occurred] 
[and] 
[the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount [if a 
Redemption Barrier Event has [not] occurred][:] 
[and] [[I/i]n respect of [insert relevant Redemption 
Underlying]:] [Closing Level on Redemption Strike 
Date/Arithmetic 
Average 
Closing 
Level 
on 
Redemption 
Strike 
Dates/Closing 
Level 
on 
Redemption Re-Strike Date FVD/Lowest Closing 
Level on Redemption Strike Dates/Lowest Intra-
day Level on Redemption Strike Dates/Highest 
Closing Level on Redemption Strike Dates/Highest 
Intra-day 
Level 
on 
Redemption 
Strike 
Dates/(specify (in table format, where appropriate) 
for 
each 
Redemption 
Underlying)]] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(if no pre-determined level is specified, then 
Redemption Strike Dates will need to be included) 
 
 
(repeat this sub-paragraph, as necessary) 
 
(B) 
Final Reference Level: 
[Insert as appropriate - For the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] 
Barrier 
Event 
has 
occurred] 
[and] 
[the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount [if a 
Redemption Barrier Event has [not] occurred]:] 
[[I/i]n respect of [insert relevant Redemption 
Underlying]:] [Closing Level on Final Valuation 
Date/Arithmetic Average Closing Level on Final 
Valuation Dates/Lowest Closing Level on Final 
Valuation Dates/Lowest Intra-day Level on Final 
Valuation Dates/Highest Closing Level on Final 
Valuation Dates/Highest Intra-day Level on Final 
Valuation Dates] 
 
 
(repeat this sub-paragraph, as necessary) 
 
(C) 
Redemption Strike Level: 
[[Insert as appropriate - For the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] 
Barrier Event has occurred][and][the Performance-
Linked Redemption Amount [if a Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has [not] occurred] [and] 
[I/i]n respect of (insert relevant Redemption 
Underlying):] 
(repeat 
and 
complete 
this 
subparagraph as necessary) [Redemption Initial

--- Page 970 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
942 
 
Level/[⚫]/The Redemption Strike Level specified 
for each Redemption Underlying below: 
 
 
Redemption Underlying 
Redemption Strike Level 
[⚫] 
[ ⚫] Redemption Initial 
Level] 
 
 
(specify for each Redemption Underlying)] 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
Provisions 
relating 
to 
a 
Redemption Barrier Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event: 
[Insert if appropriate - In respect of [insert relevant 
Redemption 
Underlying]:] 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable – [Redemption Barrier 
Event European Observation/Redemption Barrier 
Event 
European 
Performance 
Observation/Redemption Barrier Event American 
Performance 
Observation/Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
American 
Observation 
– 
Closing 
Level/Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
American 
Observation – Intra-Day Level/Redemption Barrier 
Event American One-Touch Observation – Closing 
Level/Redemption Barrier Event American One-
Touch Observation – Intra-Day Level]][Target 
Redemption Barrier Event and, for which purpose: 
 
 
Target Redemption Threshold Amount: (specify 
aggregate amount in respect of all Interest Payment 
Dates and a Calculation Amount) 
 
 
[Include/Exclude] Any Interest Amount Due on 
Maturity Date]] 
 
 
["Sum of" applies] 
 
(B) 
Final Barrier Level: 
[greater than] [greater than or equal to] [less than] 
[less than or equal to] [[⚫]%] [greater than (or equal 
to)] [[⚫]%] [being the Lower Final Barrier Level] 
[being the Upper Final Barrier Level] [and] [or] 
[less than] [less than (or equal to)] [[⚫]%] [being the 
Upper Final Barrier Level] [being the Lower Final 
Barrier Level] [of [the [sum of the] Redemption 
Initial Level of the [relevant] Redemption Barrier 
Underlying[s]/ [⚫] (specify, in table format, where 
appropriate, 
where 
different 
for 
different 
Redemption Barrier Underlyings)]] 
 
Provisions 
relating 
to 
the 
redemption 
amount 
due 
or 
entitlement deliverable 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Provisions 
applicable 
where 
Redemption Barrier Event is Not 
Applicable and the Redemption 
[The Performance-Linked Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with the [[Put] [Call] 
[Call Spread – Put Spread] [Twin Win] [Market

--- Page 971 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
943 
 
Amount is a Performance-Linked 
Redemption Amount: 
timer] [Put Call Sum] Option] [Swaption] 
Provisions]/Not Applicable] 
 
Provisions 
applicable 
where 
Redemption Barrier Event is 
Applicable 
 
 
(A) 
Provisions applicable to 
Physical Delivery: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If Not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(N.B. If the Securities are Physical Delivery 
Securities, physical delivery of any Relevant Asset 
must be made in compliance with the provisions of 
the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended and the Investment Company Act of 1940, 
as amended) 
 
I. 
Settlement 
via 
Intermediary: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - For which purpose 
the Intermediary is [[The Calculation Agent] / [[⚫]] 
[Insert contact details for delivery of Asset Transfer 
Notice]]  
 
II. 
Failure 
to 
Deliver due to 
Illiquidity: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
(Valuation and 
Settlement 
Condition 
5(a)(F) (Failure 
to Deliver due to 
Illiquidity)) 
 
 
III. 
Aggregation of 
Entitlements: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Cash 
Adjustment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Tradeable Amount: [1/specify for each Relevant 
Asset] [Share] 
 
V. 
Entitlement 
Calculation 
Rounding 
Convention: 
[⚫] decimal places  
 
(B) 
Redemption 
Upper 
Barrier Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
[if applicable: 
 
 
[Redemption Barrier Event [Final Performance 
FPU] [Underlying Closing Level] 
 
 
[greater than or equal to][greater than][less than or 
equal to][less than]

--- Page 972 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
944 
 
 
 
The Specified Redemption Upper Barrier Event 
Valuation Date[s] will be [ ⚫] [[each [any] 
Scheduled Trading Day [for all the Redemption 
Barrier Underlyings] which is not a Disrupted Day 
[for any Redemption Barrier Underlying] from 
[(and including)] [(but excluding)] [ ⚫] to [(and 
including)] [(but excluding)] [⚫]]. 
 
(C) 
Redemption Amount due 
where no Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
has 
occurred 
and 
no 
Redemption 
Upper 
Barrier 
Event 
is 
specified: 
[Applicable - [ ⚫] per Security/the Performance 
Linked Redemption Amount determined in 
accordance with the [[Put] [Call] [Call Spread - Put 
Spread] [Twin Win] [Market timer] [Put Call Sum] 
Option] [Swaption] Provisions/Not Applicable] 
[repeat as applicable] 
 
(D) 
Redemption 
Upper 
Barrier Percentage: 
[[⚫]%/ Not Applicable] 
[of the Redemption [Strike/Initial] Level for the 
[relevant] 
[Redemption 
Barrier 
Underlying[s]][Final 
Performance 
Underlying[s]][Redemption Underlying[s]]] 
 
I. 
Upper 
Redemption 
Amount 
due 
where 
no 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
has occurred: 
[Applicable - [⚫] per Security/the Performance-
Linked Redemption Amount determined in 
accordance with [[Put] [Call] [Call Spread - Put 
Spread] [Twin Win] [Market timer] [Put Call Sum] 
Option] [Swaption] Provisions/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Lower 
Redemption 
Amount 
due 
where 
no 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
has occurred: 
[Applicable - [⚫] [per Security]/the Performance-
Linked Redemption Amount determined in 
accordance with [[Put] [Call] [Call Spread - Put 
Spread] [Twin Win] [Market timer] [Put Call Sum] 
Option] [Swaption] Provisions/Not Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Redemption Amount due 
where 
a 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
has 
occurred: 
[Applicable - [⚫] per Security/the Performance-
Linked Redemption Amount determined in 
accordance with [Put] [Call] [Call Spread - Put 
Spread] [Twin Win] [Market timer] [Put Call Sum] 
Option Provisions] [Provisions applicable to 
Physical Delivery apply][Not Applicable] 
 
Performance-Linked Redemption 
Amount: 
 
 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
[Insert 
as 
appropriate: if a Redemption [Upper] Barrier 
Event [does not] occur[s]] 
 
 
(repeat item as necessary) (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Relevant Percentage: 
[⚫] 
 
II. 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable]

--- Page 973 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
945 
 
 
III. 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Final Participation Rate 
(FPR): 
[[⚫]/[If a Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has 
occurred: [⚫]] [If a Redemption [Upper] Barrier 
Event has not occurred: [⚫]]/ Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Redemption Adjustment: 
[[⚫]/[If a Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has 
occurred: [⚫]] [If a Redemption [Upper] Barrier 
Event has not occurred: [⚫]]/ Not Applicable]  
 
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
[Insert 
as 
appropriate: if a Redemption [Upper] Barrier 
Event [does not] occur[s]] 
 
 
(repeat item as necessary) (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Final Participation Rate 
(FPR): 
[[⚫] [If a Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has 
occurred: [⚫]] [If a Redemption [Upper] Barrier 
Event has not occurred: [⚫]]/ Not Applicable]

--- Page 974 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
946 
 
 
VIII. 
Redemption Adjustment: 
[[⚫]/[If a Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has 
occurred: [⚫]] [If a Redemption [Upper] Barrier 
Event has not occurred: [⚫]]/ Not Applicable] 
 
Call Spread - Put Spread Option: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
[Insert 
as 
appropriate: if a Redemption [Upper] Barrier 
Event [does not] occur[s]] 
 
 
(repeat item as necessary) (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Call Cap: 
[⚫] 
 
II. 
Put Cap: 
[⚫] 
 
III. 
Call Floor: 
[⚫] 
 
IV. 
Put Floor: 
[⚫] 
 
V. 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[⚫] 
 
VI. 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[⚫] 
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
XI. 
Final Participation Rate 
Call (FPR Call): 
[[⚫]%/[If a Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has 
occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption [Upper] Barrier 
Event has not occurred: [⚫].]/ Not Applicable]] 
 
XII. 
Final Participation Rate 
Put (FPR Put): 
[[⚫]%/[If a Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has 
occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption [Upper] Barrier 
Event has not occurred: [⚫].]/ Not Applicable]]  
 
XIII. 
Global 
Participation 
Rate: 
[[⚫]/[If a Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has 
occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption [Upper] Barrier 
Event has not occurred: [⚫].]/ Not Applicable]] 
 
XIV. 
Redemption Adjustment: 
[[⚫]/[If a Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has 
occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption [Upper] Barrier 
Event has not occurred: [⚫].]/ Not Applicable]] 
 
Twin Win Option: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
[Insert 
as 
appropriate: if a Redemption [Upper] Barrier 
Event [does not] occur[s]]

--- Page 975 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
947 
 
 
 
(repeat item as necessary) (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub paragraphs of this paragraph)] 
 
I. 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[⚫] 
 
II. 
Final Participation Rate 
(FPR): 
[[⚫]%/[If a Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has 
occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption [Upper] Barrier 
Event has not occurred: [⚫].]/ Not Applicable]] 
 
III. 
Relevant Percentage: 
[⚫] 
 
IV. 
Redemption Adjustment: 
[[⚫]/[If a Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has 
occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption [Upper] Barrier 
Event has not occurred: [⚫].]/ Not Applicable]] 
 
Market Timer: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
[Insert 
as 
appropriate: if a Redemption [Upper] Barrier 
Event [does not] occur[s]] 
 
 
(repeat item as necessary) (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub paragraphs of this paragraph)]  
 
I. 
Specified Market Timer 
Redemption 
Strike 
Date(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[ [ ⚫]] [[ ⚫] [and [ ⚫]] [[ ⚫] 
Scheduled Trading Days prior to [ ⚫]]/ Each 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
for 
the 
relevant 
Redemption Underlying which is not a Disrupted 
Day for that Redemption Underlying from [(and 
including)][(but excluding)] [
⚫] to [(and 
including)][(but excluding)] [⚫]] (where a different 
Specified Market Timer Redemption Strike Date 
applies for any Redemption Underlying, specify for 
each Redemption Underlying) 
 
II. 
Market 
Timer 
Redemption Initial Level: 
[Lowest 
Closing 
Level 
on 
Market 
Timer 
Redemption Strike Dates][Lowest Intra-day Level 
on Market Timer Redemption Strike Dates] 
(specify for each Redemption Underlying) 
 
III. 
Final Participation Rate 
(FPR): 
[[⚫]/[If a Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has 
occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption [Upper] Barrier 
Event has not occurred: [⚫].]/ Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Maximum Market Timer 
Percentage: 
[[⚫]/[If a Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has 
occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption [Upper] Barrier 
Event has not occurred: [⚫].]/ Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Minimum Market Timer 
Percentage 
[[⚫]/[If a Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has 
occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption [Upper] Barrier 
Event has not occurred: [⚫].]/ Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Redemption Adjustment: 
[[⚫]/[If a Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has 
occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption [Upper] Barrier 
Event has not occurred: [⚫].]/ Not Applicable] 
 
Put Call Sum 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
[Insert 
as 
appropriate: if a Redemption [Upper] Barrier 
Event [does not] occur[s]] 
 
 
(repeat item as necessary) (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub paragraphs of this paragraph)]

--- Page 976 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
948 
 
 
I. 
Final Participation Rate 
(FPR): 
[[⚫]/[If a Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has 
occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption [Upper] Barrier 
Event has not occurred: [⚫].]/ Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Redemption Adjustment: 
[[⚫]/[If a Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has 
occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption [Upper] Barrier 
Event has not occurred: [⚫].]/ Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Relevant Percentage: 
[⚫] 
 
IV. 
Put Call Sum Floor: 
[[⚫]%] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
Swaption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Final Participation Rate 
(FPR): 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Annuity Factor: 
[+/-] [⚫] 
 
(C) 
Annuity Floor: 
[+/-] [⚫]% 
 
(D) 
t: 
[⚫] 
 
(E) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
Redemption Underlying Valuation 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Valuation 
Disruption 
(Scheduled 
Trading 
Days): 
[Move in Block/Value What You Can/Not 
Applicable][The provisions of Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(c)(i)) (Adjustments to 
Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading Days)) 
[apply/do not apply.]

--- Page 977 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
949 
 
 
 
[Modified Following/Preceding Scheduled Trading 
Day] (specify for a Rate only and where the 
provisions of Valuation and Settlement Condition 
2(c) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled 
Trading Days)) do not apply to that Rate) 
 
(B) 
Valuation 
Disruption 
(Disrupted Days): 
[Move in Block/Value What You Can/Not 
Applicable/[⚫]] [The provisions of Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(d)(i) (Adjustments to 
Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and Underlying 
Closing Levels)) [apply/do not apply]]  
 
(C) 
Valuation Roll: 
[⚫]/[Eight] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If no Valuation Roll is stated, Specified Maximum 
Days of Disruption will be equal to eight) 
 
Provisions 
relating 
to 
the 
Preference 
Share-Linked 
Redemption Amount in respect of 
Preference 
Share 
Linked 
Securities 
[Applicable – The Securities are Preference Share 
Linked Securities] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Redemption Underlying: 
The Underlying 
 
(B) 
Specified Final Valuation 
Date: 
[⚫] Business Days following the Preference Share 
Valuation Date 
15. 
FX Provisions: 
[Applicable in respect of the [Interest Provisions 
[and][the Mandatory Early Redemption Provisions 
[and][the 
Underlying 
Linked 
Securities 
Redemption Provisions]/Not Applicable] (repeat 
paragraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If Not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Quanto Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
FX: 
(specify rate for each relevant Underlying) 
 
(ii) 
Compo FX Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(A) 
Designated Page: 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Designated Time: 
[⚫] 
 
(C) 
Reciprocal Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Cross Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (if not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(A) Cross 
Rate 
A 
Currency/Cross Rate B 
Currency: 
[[⚫] (Cross Rate A Currency) / [⚫] (Cross Rate B 
Currency) [(expressed as the number of units of [⚫
] for which one unit of [⚫] can be exchanged)] 
 
(B) Cross Rate I Designated 
Page: 
[⚫] 
 
(C) Cross Rate I Designated 
Time: 
[⚫]

--- Page 978 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
950 
 
 
(D) Cross 
Rate 
A 
Currency/Cross Rate C 
Currency: 
[[⚫] (Cross Rate A Currency) / [⚫] (Cross Rate C 
Currency) [(expressed as the number of units of [⚫
] for which one unit of [⚫] can be exchanged)] 
 
(E) Cross Rate II Designated 
Page: 
[⚫] 
 
(F) Cross Rate II Designated 
Time: 
[⚫] 
16. 
FX Performance: 
[Applicable and for which purpose the FX Perf 
Rate shall be [the Underlying designated as such in 
item 12(ii) above/determined as set out below and 
in the definition of FX Performance in the 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Schedule]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(repeat paragraph as necessary) 
 
 
(if not applicable or the FX Perf Rate is per item 
12(ii), delete sub paragraphs below) 
 
(i) 
FX Perf A Currency/FX Perf B 
Currency: 
[[ ⚫] (FX Perf A Currency) / [ ⚫] (FX Perf B 
Currency) [(expressed as the number of units of [⚫
] for which one unit of [⚫] can be exchanged)]/Not 
Applicable as FX Perf Cross Rate applies] (if Not 
Applicable, delete remaining sub paragraphs) 
 
(A) 
Reciprocal Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
FX Perf Designated Page: 
[⚫] 
 
(C) 
FX 
Perf 
Designated 
Time: 
[⚫] 
 
(ii) 
FX Perf Cross Rate: 
 
 
(A) 
FX Perf Cross Rate A 
Currency/ FX Perf Cross 
Rate B Currency: 
[[⚫] (FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency) / [⚫] (FX 
Perf Cross Rate B Currency) [(expressed as the 
number of units of [⚫] for which one unit of [⚫] can 
be exchanged)] 
 
(B) 
FX Perf Cross Rate A 
Currency/ FX Perf Cross 
Rate C Currency: 
[[⚫] (FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency) / [⚫] (FX 
Perf Cross Rate C Currency) [(expressed as the 
number of units of [⚫] for which one unit of [⚫] can 
be exchanged)] 
 
(C) 
FX Perf Cross Rate I 
Designated Page: 
[⚫]  
 
(D) 
FX Perf Cross Rate I 
Designated Time: 
[⚫] 
 
(E) 
FX Perf Cross Rate II 
Designated Page: 
[⚫]  
 
(F) 
FX Perf Cross Rate II 
Designated Time: 
[⚫] 
 
(iii) 
FX Perf Initial: 
[ ⚫] [As determined in accordance with the 
Conditions and the provisions hereof]

--- Page 979 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
951 
 
 
(iv) 
Initial FX Perf Valuation Date: 
[ ⚫] (specify in respect of Interest, MER and 
Redemption, 
as 
required) 
[[last 
occurring] 
Specified 
[Interest][MER][Redemption] 
Strike 
Date (specify each as relevant where different dates 
apply)] 
 
(v) 
Final FX Perf Valuation Date: 
[ ⚫] (specify in respect of Interest, MER and 
Redemption, 
as 
required) 
[[last 
occurring] 
Specified [Interest][MER][Final] Valuation Date 
(specify each as relevant where different dates 
apply)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
17. 
Credit Linked Notes:  
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Type of Notes: 
[Single Name Credit Linked Notes][Nth-to-Default 
Basket Credit Linked Notes][Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Notes][Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Notes][Index 
Tranched 
Credit 
Linked 
Notes][Portfolio 
Tranched 
Credit 
Linked 
Notes][Local Access Credit Linked Notes] 
 
(ii) 
[Credit 
Event 
Redemption 
Method: 
[Auction Redemption][Cash Redemption][Physical 
Redemption][Fixed Recovery Redemption] 
[- 
Fallback Redemption 
Method: 
[Cash 
Redemption][Physical 
Redemption][Not 
Applicable]]] (Delete this row if not applicable) 
(iii) 
[Risk Event Redemption Method: 
[LA 
Cash 
Redemption][LA 
Physical 
Redemption][LA Fixed Recovery Redemption]] 
(Delete this row if not applicable) 
(iv) 
[Fixed Recovery Percentage: 
[0 per cent.][[⚫] per cent.][100 per cent.]] (Delete 
this row if not applicable) 
(v) 
[Credit Payment following Credit 
Event: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]] (Delete this row if 
not applicable) 
(vi) 
[Credit Payment following Risk 
Event: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]] (Delete this row if 
not applicable) 
 
(vii) 
[Credit Payment on Maturity: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
[- 
Funding Interest Rate: 
[⚫] (Only include if 'Credit Payment on Maturity' is 
applicable)]] (Delete this row if not applicable) 
 
(viii) 
No Interest Accrual on Default: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Interest Accrual on Default: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 980 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
952 
 
- 
Reference Entity: 
[Specify] 
(Where the Reference Entity is not a sovereign, 
include the following additional information*: 
the registered office of the Reference Entity or, if 
different from the registered office, its main 
administrative office; 
legislation governing the Reference Entity, and 
legal form which it has adopted under such 
legislation; 
the company objects of the Reference Entity; and 
name of the stock exchange or of another regulated 
market which is regularly operating, recognised 
and open to the public where the shares and other 
securities of the Reference Entity are admitted) 
- 
Seniority Level: 
[Senior Level]/[Subordinated Level]/[Senior Non-
Preferred Level] 
 
- 
Standard Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Where Applicable, specify Reference Obligation 
below if the fallback to a Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation under paragraph (c) of the definition of 
"Reference Obligation" is to apply.) 
- 
Reference Obligation: 
[Specify Reference Obligations, including a short 
description thereof if the Reference Entity is not a 
sovereign] 
- 
Auction Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Auction 
Redemption' is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method and 'Credit Payment following Credit 
Event' is applicable) 
- 
Auction Redemption 
Date: 
[[ ⚫] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
'Auction 
Redemption' 
is 
the 
Credit 
Event 
Redemption Method) 
 
- 
Cash Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Cash 
Redemption' and 'Credit Payment following Credit 
Event' is applicable) 
- 
Cash Redemption Date: 
[[ ⚫] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if

--- Page 981 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
953 
 
'Cash Redemption' is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method or the Fallback Redemption Method) 
 
- 
Final Auction 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Auction 
Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on Maturity' is 
applicable) 
- 
Final Cash Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Cash 
Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on Maturity' is 
applicable) 
(xi) 
Nth-to-Default 
Basket 
Credit 
Linked Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Reference 
Entities, 
Transaction Type and 
Seniority Level: 
As set out in the Appendix 1 hereto 
- 
Nth Reference Entity: 
[Specify] 
- 
Standard Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Where applicable, specify Reference Obligation(s) 
below in the Appendix 1 hereto the fallback to a 
Non-Standard 
Reference 
Obligation 
under 
paragraph (c) of the definition of "Reference 
Obligation" is to apply. Insert the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation for each Reference Entity) 
 
- 
Reference Obligation(s): 
In respect of each Reference Entity, the obligation 
identified in respect of such Reference Entity in 
Appendix 1 hereto, where applicable 
- 
Auction Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Auction 
Redemption' is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method and 'Credit Payment following Credit 
Event' is applicable) 
- 
Auction Redemption 
Date: 
[[ ⚫]Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
Auction 
Redemption 
is 
the 
Credit 
Event 
Redemption Method) 
 
- 
Cash Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Cash

--- Page 982 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
954 
 
Redemption' and 'Credit Payment following Credit 
Event' is applicable) 
 
- 
Cash Redemption Date: 
[[ ⚫] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
'Cash Redemption' is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method or the Fallback Redemption Method) 
- 
Final 
Auction 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Auction 
Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on Maturity' is 
applicable) 
- 
Final Cash Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Cash 
Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on Maturity' is 
applicable) 
(xii) 
Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Reference Entities and 
Transaction 
Type, 
Reference 
Entity 
Weighting, 
Reference 
Obligations, 
Reference 
Entity Notional Amount 
and Seniority Level: 
As set out in the Appendix 1 hereto 
- 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligations: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Where applicable, specify Reference Obligation(s) 
in the Appendix 1 hereto if the fallback to a Non-
Standard Reference Obligation under paragraph 
(c) of the definition of "Reference Obligation" is to 
apply. 
Insert 
the 
Non-Standard 
Reference 
Obligation for each Reference Entity) 
 
- 
Reference Obligation(s): 
In respect of each Reference Entity, the obligation 
identified in respect of such Reference Entity in the 
Appendix 1 hereto, where applicable 
 
- 
Auction Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Auction 
Redemption' is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method and 'Credit Payment following Credit 
Event' is applicable)

--- Page 983 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
955 
 
 
- 
Auction Redemption 
Date: 
[[⚫] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
'Auction 
Redemption' 
is 
the 
Credit 
Event 
Redemption Method) 
- 
Cash Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Cash 
Redemption' and 'Credit Payment following Credit 
Event' is applicable) 
- 
Cash Redemption Date: 
[[⚫] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
'Cash Redemption' is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method or the Fallback Redemption Method) 
- 
Final Auction 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Auction 
Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on Maturity' is 
applicable) 
 
- 
Final Cash Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Cash 
Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on Maturity' is 
applicable) 
(xiii) 
Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Index: 
[Specify relevant iTraxx® index Series [⚫] Version] 
[Specify relevant CDX® index Series [⚫] Version] 
- 
Index Annex Date: 
[Specify] 
- 
Effective Date: 
[Specify] 
- 
Index Sponsor: 
[Specify] 
- 
Index Publisher: 
[Specify] 
- 
Reference Entities: 
As set out in Appendix 1 hereto 
- 
Standard Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Where 
Applicable, 
specify 
Reference 
Obligation(s) in the Appendix 1 hereto if the 
fallback to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
under paragraph (c) of the definition of "Reference 
Obligation" is to apply. Insert the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation for each Reference Entity)

--- Page 984 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
956 
 
– 
- 
Reference Obligation(s): 
In respect of each Reference Entity, the obligation 
identified in respect of such Reference Entity in the 
Appendix 1 hereto, where applicable 
- 
Auction Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Auction 
Redemption' is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method and 'Credit Payment following Credit 
Event' is applicable) 
- 
Auction Redemption 
Date: 
[[ ⚫] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
'Auction 
Redemption' 
is 
the 
Credit 
Event 
Redemption Method) 
- 
Cash Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Cash 
Redemption' and 'Credit Payment following Credit 
Event' is applicable) 
 
- 
Cash Redemption Date: 
[[ ⚫] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
'Cash Redemption' is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method or the Fallback Redemption Method) 
 
- 
Final Auction 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Auction 
Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on Maturity' is 
applicable) 
 
- 
Final Cash Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Cash 
Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on Maturity' is 
applicable) 
 
(xiv) 
Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Index: 
[Specify relevant iTraxx® index Series [⚫] Version] 
[Specify relevant CDX® index Series [⚫] Version] 
 
- 
Index Annex Date: 
[Specify] 
 
- 
Effective Date: 
[Specify] 
 
- 
Index Sponsor: 
[Specify]

--- Page 985 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
957 
 
 
- 
Index Publisher: 
[Specify] 
 
- 
Reference Entities: 
As set out in Appendix 1 hereto 
 
- 
Standard Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Where 
Applicable, 
specify 
Reference 
Obligation(s) in the Appendix 1 hereto if the 
fallback to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
under paragraph (c) of the definition of "Reference 
Obligation" is to apply. Insert the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation for each Reference Entity) 
 
- 
Reference Obligations: 
In respect of each Reference Entity, the obligation 
identified in respect of such Reference Entity in the 
Appendix 1 hereto, where applicable 
 
- 
Attachment Point: 
[⚫] per cent. 
 
- 
Exhaustion Point: 
[⚫] per cent. 
- 
Tranche Size: 
[⚫] per cent. [This is the Exhaustion Point minus the 
Attachment Point] 
 
- 
Implicit Portfolio Size: 
[⚫] [This is (a) the Original Aggregate Nominal 
Amount, divided by (b) the Tranche Size] 
 
- 
Loss Threshold Amount: 
[⚫] [This is the product of (a) the Implicit Portfolio 
Size and (b) the Attachment Point] 
 
- 
Recovery Threshold 
Amount: 
[⚫] [This is the product of (a) the Implicit Portfolio 
Size and (b) 100 per cent. minus the Exhaustion 
Point] 
 
- 
Settled Entity Matrix: 
[Specify name and date of matrix as published, in 
Appendix 1 hereto][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
 
- 
Settled Entity Incurred 
Loss Amount: 
[⚫]/[As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
- 
Settled Entity Incurred 
Recovery Amount: 
[Specify][As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
- 
Index Tranched 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Credit 
Payment following Credit Event' is applicable) 
 
- 
Index Tranched Final 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Credit 
Payment on Maturity' is applicable) 
(xv) 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]

--- Page 986 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
958 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
– 
Index: 
[Specify][Not Applicable] 
– 
Reference Entities and Transaction Type, 
Reference Entity Weighting, Reference 
Entity Notional Amount and Seniority 
Level: 
[As set out in Appendix 1 hereto](Insert if 'Index' is 
applicable) 
 
[(Insert below table if 'Index' is not applicable) 
Reference 
Entity 
and 
Transaction 
Type: 
Weighting 
Reference 
Entity 
Notional  
Amount: 
Seniority 
Level: 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Senior Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] [Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Senior Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] [Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level] 
(Repeat rows as necessary)] 
- 
Standard Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Where 
Applicable, 
specify 
Reference 
Obligation(s) in the Appendix 1 hereto if the 
fallback to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
under paragraph (c) of the definition of "Reference 
Obligation" is to apply. Insert the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation for each Reference Entity) 
 
- 
Reference Obligation(s): 
In respect of each Reference Entity, the obligation 
identified in respect of such Reference Entity in the 
Appendix hereto, where applicable 
 
- 
Attachment Point: 
[⚫] per cent. 
 
- 
Exhaustion Point: 
[⚫] per cent. 
 
- 
Tranche Size: 
[⚫] per cent. [This is the Exhaustion Point minus the 
Attachment Point] 
 
- 
Implicit Portfolio Size: 
[⚫] [This is (a) the Original Aggregate Nominal 
Amount, divided by (b) the Tranche Size] 
 
- 
Loss Threshold Amount: 
[⚫] [This is the product of (a) the Implicit Portfolio 
Size and (b) the Attachment Point] 
 
- 
Recovery Threshold 
Amount: 
[⚫] [This is the product of (a) the Implicit Portfolio 
Size and (b) 100 per cent. minus the Exhaustion 
Point]

--- Page 987 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
959 
 
 
- 
Portfolio Tranched 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Credit 
Payment following Credit Event' is applicable) 
- 
Portfolio Tranched Final 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Credit 
Payment on Maturity' is applicable) 
(xvi) 
Local 
Access 
Credit 
Linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Reference Asset(s): 
[⚫][Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Maturity date of 
Reference Asset(s): 
[⚫][Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Reference Assets Only 
Settlement: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Reference Custodian: 
[⚫][Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Reference Jurisdiction: 
[⚫][Not Applicable] 
 
- 
LA Relevant Currency: 
[⚫][Not Applicable] 
 
- 
LCY Reference Amount: 
[⚫][Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Applicable Principal 
Currency Amount: 
[ ⚫][The aggregate principal amount of Local 
Access Credit Linked Notes outstanding] 
 
- 
LA Interest: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
LA Interest Amount: 
(If not applicable, delete the table below) 
Interest Payment Date, in 
each 
case, 
subject 
as 
provided in the Credit 
Linked Conditions: 
LA Interest Amount: 
[Specify] 
[local currency amount] 
divided by the applicable 
FX Rate 
[Specify] 
[local currency amount] 
divided by the applicable 
FX Rate 
- 
Additional Risk Event: 
[Applicable: [Inconvertibility Event][Ownership 
Restriction 
Event][Settlement/Custodial 
Event]/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Additional Risk Event 
Start Date: 
[Trade Date][Issue Date]

--- Page 988 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
960 
 
 
- 
Tax Deduction Event – 
Interest:   
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Tax Deduction Event – 
Principal:   
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
LA Cash Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Cash 
Redemption' and 'Credit Payment following Risk 
Event' is applicable) 
 
- 
LA Cash Redemption 
Date: 
[[ ⚫] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions]  
 
- 
LA Physical Redemption 
Date: 
[[ ⚫] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
Physical 
Redemption 
is 
the 
Credit 
Event 
Redemption Method) 
 
- 
Final LA Cash 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if 'Cash 
Redemption' and 'Credit Payment on Maturity' is 
applicable) 
 
(xvii) 
Payment Failure Cut-Off Date: 
[[ ⚫] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
(xviii) Obligations: 
 
 
- 
Obligation Category: 
[Payment][Borrowed 
Money][Reference 
Obligation Only] [Bond][Loan][Bond or Loan] 
(Select one only) 
 
- 
Obligation 
Characteristics: 
[Not Subordinated] 
[Specified Currency] (Specify unless the fallback in 
the definition of "Specified Currency" applies) 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
[Not Domestic Currency] 
[Not Domestic Law] 
[Listed] 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
[None] 
(Select all that apply)

--- Page 989 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
961 
 
 
- 
Excluded Obligation: 
[Specify][Not Applicable] 
 
- 
All Guarantees: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Fixed Cap: [Specify] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xix) 
Deliverable Obligations: 
 
 
- 
Deliverable Obligation 
Category: 
[Payment][Borrowed 
Money][Reference 
Obligations Only] [Bond][Loan][Bond or Loan] 
(Select one only) 
 
- 
Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics: 
[Not Subordinated] 
[Specified Currency] (Specify unless the fallback in 
the definition of "Specified Currency" applies) 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
[Not Domestic Currency] 
[Domestic Currency] (Specify unless the fallback in 
the definition of "Domestic Currency" in the Credit 
Linked Conditions applies) 
[Not Domestic Law] 
[Listed] 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
[Assignable Loan] 
[Consent Required Loan] 
[Direct Loan Participation] 
[Transferable] 
 
[Maximum Maturity [of [⚫] years (Specify if default 
is not to apply)]] 
[Accelerated or Matured] 
[Not Bearer] (Select all that apply) 
[Together with [Specify other obligation applicable 
for each Reference Entity other than those 
determined by reference to Obligation Category 
and Obligation Characteristics]] 
 
- 
Excluded Deliverable 
Obligation: 
[Specify][Not Applicable] 
- 
All Guarantees: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Fixed Cap: [Specify] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 990 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
962 
 
 
(xx) 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xxi) 
Subordinated European Insurance 
Terms: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xxii) 
60 
Business 
Day 
Cap 
on 
Settlement: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xxiii) Sovereign Reference Entity No 
Asset Package Delivery: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xxiv) 
Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Monoline 
Insurer 
Reference 
Entities: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xxv) 
Additional Provisions for the 
Hellenic 
Republic: 
Excluded 
Obligations 
and 
Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xxvi) 
Additional Provisions for the 
Republic of Ukraine: Excluded 
Obligations 
and 
Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xxvii) Additional Provisions for the 
Republic of Ecuador: Excluded 
Obligations 
and 
Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xxviii) Additional Provisions for Senior, 
Non-Preferred 
Reference 
Obligations: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] (If "Applicable", 
please specify for each Reference Entity)  
 
(xxix) 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 
2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
[– 
[Trigger Percentage: 
[⚫]] 
 
(xxx) 
Credit Event[(s)]: 
[Bankruptcy] 
[Failure to Pay 
Payment Requirement: [⚫ or its equivalent in the 
relevant Obligation Currency as of the occurrence 
of the relevant failure to pay] [OR] [As per the 
Credit Linked Conditions] 
Grace 
Period 
Extension: 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
[Grace Period: [Specify][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions]] 
Credit 
Deterioration 
Requirement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[Governmental Intervention]

--- Page 991 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
963 
 
[Obligation Acceleration] 
[Obligation Default] 
[Repudiation/Moratorium] 
[Restructuring 
Mod R: [Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Mod Mod R: [Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Multiple Holder Obligation: [Applicable][Not 
Applicable]] 
[Select all that apply] 
 
- 
Credit Deterioration 
Condition: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Default Requirement: 
[Specify][As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
- 
Notice of Publicly 
Available Information: 
[Not Applicable] [Note that it is not necessary to 
specify "Applicable" as the default position under 
the Credit Linked Conditions is for a Notice of 
Publicly Available Information to apply] 
Public Source(s): [Specify][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] 
Specified Number: [Specify][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions]] 
(xxxi) 
Credit Event Backstop Date: 
[Trade Date][Issue Date][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
(xxxii) Standard Event Determination 
Date: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(xxxiii) Non-Standard Event 
Determination Date: 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify 
Event 
Determination Date Version B as applicable where 
the hedging CDS has only one Notifying Party (i.e. 
"Buyer" or "Seller" is specified as the Notifying 
Party). Otherwise specify "Not Applicable" and the 
Event Determination Date provisions which are 
equivalent to having two Notifying Parties under a 
CDS will apply] 
(xxxiv) Single Notifying Party Event 
Determination Date: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]  
 
(xxxv) Movement Option: 
[Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Full 
Transferable 
Obligation 
Applicable][Modified 
Restructuring 
Maturity 
Limitation 
and 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation Applicable]

--- Page 992 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
964 
 
 
(xxxvi) Cash Redemption Terms: 
[Applicable 
[as 
Fallback 
Redemption 
Method]][Not Applicable] 
- 
Valuation Date[(s)]: 
[Single Valuation Date: 
Number of Business Days:  
[Specify][As per the Credit Linked Conditions]] 
[Multiple Valuation Dates: 
[⚫] Business Days and each [⚫] Business Days 
thereafter. [Number of Valuation Dates: [⚫]]] 
 
- 
Valuation Time: 
[Specify][As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
- 
Valuation Method: 
[Highest][Market][Average 
Highest][Average 
Market][Lowest] 
 
- 
Quotation Method: 
[Bid][Offer][Mid-market] 
 
- 
Quotation Dealers: 
[Specify][As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
- 
Accrued Interest: 
[Include 
Accrued 
Interest][Exclude 
Accrued 
Interest][As 
per 
Credit 
Linked 
Condition 
16(a)(ii)(C))] 
 
(xxxvii) Physical Redemption Terms: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Physical Settlement 
Period: 
[[ ⚫] Business Days] [As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
 
- 
[Include Accrued 
Interest: 
Applicable](Delete this row if not applicable) 
 
- 
Fallback Cash 
Redemption: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(xxxviii) Partial Cash Redemption 
Terms/Fallback Cash Redemption 
Terms: 
 
- 
Valuation Time: 
[Specify] [As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
(xxxix) Physical Settlement Matrix 
Standard Terms: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
[Physical Settlement Matrix: [Specify] [As per the 
Credit Linked Conditions], being as of the [Trade 
Date][Effective Date][Specify date] 
Transaction Type: [Specify]] 
 
(xl) 
[Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable](Delete this row if not applicable) 
(xli) 
Redemption Following Merger: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]

--- Page 993 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
965 
 
 
- 
Merger Redemption 
Amount: 
[Early Redemption Amount] [Each Note's pro rata 
share of an amount (subject to a minimum of zero) 
equal to (i) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Credit Linked Notes minus (ii) the 
Unwind Costs, if any] 
(xlii) 
Settlement Currency: 
[Specify][As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INDEX SKEW NOTES 
18. 
Index Skew Notes:  
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Trade Date: 
[⚫] 
 
(ii) 
Scheduled Termination Date: 
[⚫] 
(iii) 
Hypothetical Skew Transactions: 
(a) 
Hypothetical 
Index 
Untranched 
Transaction;  
(b) 
Hypothetical Single Name Set. 
 
(iv) 
Index Skew Positions: 
The Issuer is the [[buyer][seller] (Delete as 
applicable)] of credit protection under the 
Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction.  
The Issuer is the [[buyer][seller] (Delete as 
applicable)] of credit protection under the 
Hypothetical Single Name Set. 
(v) 
Hypothetical Swap Counterparty: 
[Citibank, N.A. (Specify the relevant branch, where 
relevant)]/[Citigroup Global Markets Limited]/[●] 
 
(vi) 
Hypothetical Index Untranched 
Transaction General Terms: 
 
 
– 
Eligible Index: 
[[⚫] (Specify Index name)] Series [⚫] Version [⚫] 
 
– 
Relevant Annex: 
[⚫] 
 
– 
Index Annex Date: 
[⚫] 
 
– 
Documentation Form: 
[[⚫] (Specify name of supplement, publisher and 
date of publication)] [incorporating the [⚫] (Specify 
name of supplement, publisher and date of 
publication)] 
 
– 
Trade Date: 
[⚫] 
 
– 
Effective Date: 
[⚫] 
 
– 
Scheduled Termination 
Date: 
[⚫]

--- Page 994 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
966 
 
 
– 
Original 
Notional 
Amount: 
[⚫] 
 
– 
Other details: 
With respect to each Reference Entity referenced in 
the Eligible Index, as set out in Appendix 2 hereto. 
 
(vii) 
Hypothetical 
Single 
Name 
Transaction General Terms: 
 
 
– 
Documentation Form: 
[Confirmation for use with Credit Derivatives 
Physical Settlement Matrix (version [⚫] – [[⚫] 
(Specify date of publication)] – 2014 Definitions 
Version] [and incorporating [[⚫] (Specify name of 
supplement, publisher and date of publication, if 
applicable)]] 
 
– 
Trade Date: 
[⚫] 
 
– 
Effective Date: 
[⚫] 
 
– 
Scheduled Termination 
Date: 
[⚫] 
 
– 
Matrix Publication Date: 
[Effective Date of the Eligible Index]/[⚫] 
 
– 
Other details: 
With respect to each Reference Entity referenced in 
the Hypothetical Single Name Set, as set out in 
Appendix 2 hereto. 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE SECURITIES 
19. 
Form of Securities: 
[Registered Securities 
 
 
Regulation S Global Registered Security Certificate 
[(U.S.$[ ⚫] principal amount)] registered in the 
name of a nominee for [a common depositary for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg]/[a common depositary for Euroclear 
France]/Rule 144A Global Registered Security 
Certificate [(U.S.$[⚫] principal amount)] registered 
in the name of a nominee for [DTC/ a common 
depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg])] 
 
 
[Swedish Securities - insert details (including 
details of the Swedish Securities Issuing and Paying 
Agent and the provisions of the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement which apply to the Securities)]] 
 
 
[Finnish Securities – insert details (including 
details of the Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying 
Agent]] 
 
Notwithstanding the above, if the Securities are French Law Securities, delete the above in its 
entirety and replace with the following:

--- Page 995 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
967 
 
 
[Form of Securities: 
[French Bearer Securities (au porteur) / French 
Registered Securities in a registered dematerialised 
form (au nominatif)] – insert details (including 
details of (i) the French Securities Issuing and 
Paying Agent and (ii) only if applicable where the 
French Law Securities are in a registered 
dematerialised form (au nominatif) the French Law 
Securities Registration Agent] 
 
Representation of Securityholders / 
Masse: 
[Full Masse / Contractual Masse / Contractual 
Representation of Securityholders / No Masse ] 
(If "Full Masse" or "Contractual Masse" is 
specified, specify the details of the initial 
Representative and the alternate Representative, if 
any, and their remuneration. Otherwise, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Name and address of the initial Representative: [⚫] 
[The Representative will receive no remuneration] 
/ [The Representative will receive a remuneration 
of [⚫]]. 
Name and address of the alternate Representative: [
⚫] 
[The Representative will receive no remuneration] 
/ [The Representative will receive a remuneration 
of [⚫]]. 
20. 
New Safekeeping Structure: 
[Yes – New Safekeeping Structure applies] [Not 
Applicable] 
21. 
Business Centre(s): 
[⚫] 
 
 
(N.B. this paragraph relates to the definition of 
Business Day) 
22. 
Business Day Jurisdiction(s) or other 
special provisions relating to payment 
dates: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(N.B. this paragraph relates to the date and place 
of payment) 
23. 
Redenomination, renominalisation and 
reconventioning provisions: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable: The provisions of 
General Condition 18 (Redenomination) apply] 
24. 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not 
Applicable/The 
provisions 
of 
General 
Condition 14 (Further Issues) apply 
25. 
Substitution provisions: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable: The provisions of 
General Condition 17 (Substitution of the Issuer, 
the 
CGMHI 
Guarantor 
and 
the 
CGMFL 
Guarantor) apply] 
 
Additional Requirements: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable: The provisions of 
General Condition 17(a)(ii) apply] 
 
[Additional 
French 
Law 
Securities 
Requirements: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable]]

--- Page 996 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
968 
 
26. 
Name and address of Calculation 
Agent: 
[Citibank, 
N.A./Citigroup 
Global 
Markets 
Limited/Citigroup Global Markets Inc.] [(acting 
through its [⚫] department/group (or any successor 
department/group))] at [⚫]] 
27. 
[Determination Agent: 
[Calculation Agent] [⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify an entity other than the Calculation Agent 
where the Calculation Agent is the Fiscal Agent. If 
no 
Determination 
Agent 
is 
specified, 
the 
Determination Agent will be the Calculation 
Agent)]  
28. 
Determinations: 
 
 
(i) 
Standard: 
[Sole and Absolute Determination/Commercial 
Determination] (Commercial Determination shall 
apply to Italian Listed Certificates) 
(Specify 
"Commercial 
Determination" 
where 
"Determinations and Exercise of Discretion 
(BEC)" is applicable) 
(Specify "Commercial Determination" where the 
Securities are French Law Securities) 
 
(ii) 
Minimum Amount Adjustment 
Prohibition: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
29. 
Determinations and Exercise of 
Discretion (BEC): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
30. 
Prohibition of sales to consumers in 
Belgium: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify "Not Applicable" only where Securities are 
distributed to consumers in Belgium) 
31. 
Additional provisions applicable to 
Italian Listed Certificates: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Expiry Date (Data di Scadenza) 
for the purposes of [Borsa Italiana 
S.p.A.]/[EuroTLX]: 
[⚫] 
32. 
[Administrator/Benchmark Event: 
[Administrator/Benchmark Event (Limb (3)): Not 
Applicable] 
Early 
Redemption 
following 
Administrator/Benchmark 
Event: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
[If 
"Early 
Redemption 
following 
Administrator/Benchmark Event" is Applicable: 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Fair 
Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if 
any) at maturity]/[Monetisation with Holder Put 
Option]/[Best of Amount]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)]

--- Page 997 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
969 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or 
as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a 
broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]]] 
(Include where any Benchmark (as defined in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 3)  is 
applicable in respect of the Securities)  
33. 
[Reference Rate Event Provisions: 
[Reference 
Rate 
Event 
(Limb 
(iii)): 
Not 
Applicable] 
Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate(s): [⚫
]/[Not Applicable] 
Reference 
Rate 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[If "Reference Rate Early Redemption" is 
Applicable: 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Fair 
Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if 
any) at maturity]/[Monetisation with Holder Put 
Option]/[Best of Amount]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only) 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or 
as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a 
broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]]] 
(Include where any Reference Rate (as defined in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 9.2) is 
applicable in respect of the Securities)  
 
[Signed on behalf of the Issuer:

--- Page 998 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
970 
 
By: .....................................................................  
Duly authorised]

--- Page 999 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
971 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING: 
 
Admission to trading and listing: 
[Application [has been/will be] made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the [Tranche [⚫]] Securities to 
be admitted to trading on [the Regulated Market of 
[Euronext 
Dublin/the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange/the NASDAQ Stockholm AB/the London 
Stock Exchange/the electronic "Bond Market" 
organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (the 
MoT)]/[the 
multilateral 
trading 
facility 
of 
securitised 
derivatives 
financial 
instruments, 
organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (the 
"SeDeX") / the multilateral trading facility of 
EuroTLX managed by EuroTLX SIM S.p.A. 
("EuroTLX")]]/[the 
Open 
Market 
(Regulated 
Unofficial Market Freiverkehr) of the [Frankfurt 
Stock Exchange (Börse Frankfurt AG)]] [and to 
listing on [the official list of [Euronext Dublin/the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange/the 
NASDAQ 
Stockholm AB/the London Stock Exchange/the 
Italian Stock Exchange]] [the Open Market 
(Regulated Unofficial Market Freiverkehr) of the 
[Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Börse Frankfurt AG)]] 
with effect from on or around [⚫] [of the Tranche [⚫
] Securities]] [Not Applicable]  
(where the Securities are listed and admitted to 
trading on more than one exchange, repeat as 
necessary) 
(the Open Market (Regulated Unofficial Market 
Freiverkehr) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange 
(Börse Frankfurt AG), SeDeX and EuroTLX are not 
regulated markets for the purpose of MiFID II) 
 
 
[Tranche [⚫] of the Securities has been admitted to 
trading on [the Regulated Market of [Euronext 
Dublin/the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange/the 
NASDAQ Stockholm AB/the London Stock 
Exchange/ the electronic "Bond Market" organised 
and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (the 
MoT)]/[the 
multilateral 
trading 
facility 
of 
securitised 
derivatives 
financial 
instruments, 
organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (the 
"SeDeX") / the multilateral trading facility of 
EuroTLX managed by EuroTLX SIM S.p.A. 
("EuroTLX")]]/[the 
Open 
Market 
(Regulated 
Unofficial Market Freiverkehr) of the [Frankfurt 
Stock Exchange (Börse Frankfurt AG)]] [and to 
listing on the official list of [Euronext Dublin/the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange/the 
NASDAQ 
Stockholm AB/the London Stock Exchange/the 
Italian Stock Exchange] [the Open Market 
(Regulated Unofficial Market Freiverkehr) of the 
[Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Börse Frankfurt AG)]] 
with effect from [⚫] of the Tranche [⚫] Securities] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue, need to

--- Page 1000 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
972 
 
indicate that original Securities are already 
admitted to trading)  
(the Open Market (Regulated Unofficial Market 
Freiverkehr) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange 
(Börse Frankfurt AG), SeDeX and EuroTLX are not 
regulated markets for the purpose of MiFID II) 
 
[Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[⚫]] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
The Securities are [not] rated. [The rating of the 
Securities is: 
 
 
(i) 
[S&P: 
 
[⚫]] 
 
 
(ii) 
[Moody's: 
[⚫]] 
 
 
(iii) 
[Fitch:  
[⚫]] 
 
 
(iv) 
[[Other]: 
[⚫]] 
 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider] 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency entity] is established in the [European 
Union/United Kingdom] and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended). [As 
such [insert the legal name of the relevant credit 
rating agency entity] is included in the list of credit 
ratings agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
(http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-
and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with such 
Regulation.]] 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-
EU/United Kingdom credit rating agency entity] is 
not established in the European Union or the United 
Kingdom and is not registered in accordance with 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended). 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-
EU/United Kingdom credit rating agency entity] is 
therefore not included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-
and-certified-CRAs in accordance with such 
Regulation.] 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-
EU/United Kingdom credit rating agency entity] is 
not established in the European Union or the United 
Kingdom and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the 
CRA Regulation). The ratings have been endorsed 
by [insert the legal name of the relevant EU/United 
Kingdom-registered credit rating agency entity] in

--- Page 1001 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
973 
 
accordance with the CRA Regulation. [Insert the 
legal name of the relevant EU/United Kingdom-
registered credit rating agency entity] is established 
in the [European Union/United Kingdom] and 
registered under the CRA Regulation.[ As such 
[insert the legal name of the relevant EU/United 
Kingdom credit rating agency entity] is included in 
the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation.]] The European Securities 
Markets Authority has indicated that ratings issued 
in [Japan/Australia/the USA/Canada/Hong Kong/ 
Singapore/Argentina/ 
Mexico 
(delete 
as 
appropriate)] which have been endorsed by [insert 
the legal name of the relevant EU/United Kingdom 
CRA entity that applied for registration] may be 
used in the European Union and the United 
Kingdom by the relevant market participants.] 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-
EU/United Kingdom credit rating agency entity] is 
not established in the European Union or the United 
Kingdom and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the 
CRA Regulation) but it [is]/[has applied to be] 
certified 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
CRA 
Regulation[[EITHER:] and it is included in the list 
of credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-
and-certified-CRAs in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation] [[OR:] although notification of the 
corresponding certification decision has not yet been 
provided by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority and [insert the legal name of the relevant 
non-EU/United Kingdom credit rating agency 
entity] is not included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-
and-certified-CRAs in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation]. 
 
 
[[[Insert legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency] 
is 
established 
in 
the 
[European 
Union/United Kingdom] and has applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
(as 
amended), 
although 
notification 
of 
the 
corresponding registration decision has not yet been 
provided by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority [and [insert the legal name of the relevant 
credit rating agency] is not included in the list of 
credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-
and-certified-CRAs in accordance with such 
Regulation].]

--- Page 1002 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
974 
 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-
EU/United Kingdom credit rating agency entity] is 
not established in the European Union or the United 
Kingdom and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the 
CRA Regulation). However, the application for 
registration under the CRA Regulation of [insert the 
legal name of the relevant EU/United Kingdom 
credit rating agency entity that applied for 
registration], which is established in the [European 
Union/United Kingdom], disclosed the intention to 
endorse credit ratings of [insert the legal name of the 
relevant non-EU/United Kingdom credit rating 
agency entity][, although notification of the 
corresponding registration decision has not yet been 
provided by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority and [insert the legal name of the relevant 
EU/United Kingdom credit rating agency entity] is 
not included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-
and-certified-CRAs in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation]. 
 
 
The European Securities Markets Authority has 
indicated that ratings issued in [Japan/Australia/the 
USA/Canada/Hong Kong/ Singapore/ Argentina/ 
Mexico (delete as appropriate)] which have been 
endorsed by [insert the legal name of the relevant 
EU/United Kingdom CRA entity that applied for 
registration] may be used in the European Union 
and the United Kingdom by the relevant market 
participants.]]] 
 
 
[If reference is made to the ratings of Citigroup Inc. 
then insert the legal name of the relevant credit 
rating agency entity and the status of its application 
under the CRA Regulation] 
 
 
[Include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider] 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Securities of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating.) 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER] 
 
[Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement: 
 
[Save for any fees ([insert relevant fee disclosure] payable to [the Dealer[s]/the Distributors/[⚫
]]/Save as discussed in ["Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions"]], so far as 
the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Securities has an interest material to the 
Offer. [The [Dealers/Distributors] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, 
in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other

--- Page 1003 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
975 
 
services for, the Issuer [and the CGMHI Guarantor]33 [and the CGMFL Guarantor]34 and [its/their] 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business - Amend as appropriate if there are other interests]]] 
 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation) 
4. 
[REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
 
(i) 
[Reasons for the Offer: 
[See "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus/[⚫]] 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base Prospectus 
– if reasons for offer different from what is disclosed 
in the Base Prospectus, give details) 
 
(ii) 
[Estimated net proceeds:] 
[⚫] 
(For retail securities, if proceeds are intended for 
more than one use will need to split out and present 
in order of priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund 
all proposed uses state amount and sources of other 
funding)] 
 
(iii) 
[Estimated total expenses:] 
[⚫] 
(For retail securities, expenses are required to be 
broken down into each principal intended "use" and 
presented in order of priority of such "uses". For 
wholesale securities, provide an estimate of the total 
expenses related to the admission to trading)] 
5. 
[YIELD (Fixed Rate Securities only) 
 
 
[Indication of yield/Unified Yield Rate]: 
[specify rate or range of rates] 
 
 
(specify Unified Yield Rate for Non-exempt Offers in 
the Republic of Hungary only) 
 
 
[Calculated as [include specific details of method of 
calculation in summary form] on the Issue Date]* 
 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future 
yield.] 
6. 
INFORMATION ABOUT [THE PAST AND FUTURE PERFORMANCE AND 
VOLATILITY OF THE OR EACH UNDERLYING][AND][THE FLOATING RATE OF 
INTEREST] 
 
[Information about the past and future performance of the or each Underlying is electronically 
available [free of charge][at a charge] from [the applicable Electronic Page(s) specified for such 
Underlying in Part A above][⚫].] 
 
[Information relating to historic interest rates in the case of Floating Rate Securities is 
electronically available [free of charge][at a charge] from the relevant [Electronic Page][Page][⚫
].] 
 
33 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. 
34 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI.

--- Page 1004 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
976 
 
 
(Include details about where information about the past and future performance of the or each 
Underlying and its volatility can be obtained by electronic means, and whether or not it can be 
obtained free of charge.) 
7. 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
 
EU Benchmarks Regulation: Article 29(2) 
statement on benchmarks: 
[Not Applicable] 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator 
legal name]] (Repeat as necessary) 
[As at the date hereof, [administrator legal name] 
[appears/does not appear] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation] [As far as the Issuer is 
aware, [[administrator legal name], as administrator 
of [specify benchmark], is not required to be 
registered by virtue of Article 2 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation] [the transitional provisions in Article 51 
of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that 
[administrator legal name] is not currently required 
to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located 
outside the European Union or the United Kindgom, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence)]] (Repeat 
as necessary) 
8. 
DISCLAIMER 
 
 
[include disclaimer for Indices which are not Proprietary Indices] 
 
[Proprietary Index Disclaimer 
 
 
None of the Issuer[, the CGMHI Guarantor]35 [, the CGMFL Guarantor]36, [⚫] (the Index Sponsor 
[and the Index Calculation Agent]) for the Underlying and any of their respective directors, 
officers, employees, representatives, delegates or agents (each a Relevant Person) makes any 
express or implied representations or warranties as to (a) the advisability of purchasing the 
Securities, (b) the level(s) of the Underlying at any particular time on any particular date, (c) the 
results to be obtained by any investor in the Securities or any other person or entity, from the use 
of the Underlying or any data included therein for any purpose, (d) the merchantability or fitness 
for a particular purpose of the Underlying or (e) any other matter. Each Relevant Person hereby 
expressly disclaims, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, all warranties of accuracy, 
completeness, merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose with respect to the Underlying. 
No Relevant Person shall have any liability (direct or indirect, special, punitive, consequential or 
otherwise) to any person even if notified of the possibility of damages. [The Index Sponsor is 
not/Neither the Index Sponsor nor the Index Calculation Agent is] under any obligation to continue 
the calculation, publication and dissemination of the Underlying nor shall they have any liability 
for any errors, omissions, interruptions or delays relating to the Underlying. The Index Sponsor 
[and the Index Calculation Agent] shall [each] act as principal and not as agent or fiduciary of any 
other person. 
 
Past performance is not indicative of future performance. Any numbers or figures presented as past 
performance of the Underlying prior to its launch date (however defined in the Index Conditions) 
may include performances calculated from back-testing simulations. Any back testing is illustrative 
only and derived from proprietary models based on certain historic data and assumptions and 
estimates. Such back-testing information should not be considered indicative of the actual results 
that might be obtained from an investment or participation in the Securities. Any scenario analysis 
 
35 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. 
36 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI.

--- Page 1005 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
977 
 
is for illustrative purposes only and does not represent the actual performance of the Underlying 
nor does it purport to describe all possible performance outcomes for the Underlying. 
 
As at the date hereof, the Underlying is described in full in the Index Conditions which are set out 
in the Base Prospectus. Any decision to invest in the Securities should be based upon the 
information contained in the Base Prospectus and this Final Terms only. 
 
The Underlying is proprietary and confidential to the Index Sponsor. No person may use the 
Underlying in any way or reproduce or disseminate the information relating to the Underlying 
contained in the Base Prospectus relating to the Securities without the prior written consent of the 
Index Sponsor (save in respect of the distribution of the terms of the Securities using customary 
clearing and settlement procedures). The Underlying is not in any way sponsored, endorsed or 
promoted by the issuer or sponsor, as applicable, of any of its constituents.] 
 
[Bloomberg® 
 
 
Certain information contained in this Final Terms consists of extracts from or summaries of 
information that is publicly-available from Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg®). The Issuer [and the 
CGMHI Guarantor] 37  [and the CGMFL Guarantor] 38  accept[s] responsibility for accurately 
reproducing such extracts or summaries and, as far as the Issuer [and the CGMHI Guarantor are]39 
[and the CGMFL Guarantor are]40 [is] aware and are able to ascertain from such publicly-available 
information, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate 
or misleading. Bloomberg® makes no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, 
as to the accuracy of the reproduction of such information, and accepts no responsibility for the 
reproduction of such information or for the merits of an investment in the Securities. Bloomberg® 
does not arrange, sponsor, endorse, sell or promote the issue of the Securities.] 
9. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
ISIN Code: 
[⚫] 
 
Common Code: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] 
 
CUSIP: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] 
 
WKN: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] 
 
Valoren: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] 
 
CFI: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] 
 
FISN: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested or 
available, it/they should be specified to be "Not 
Applicable") 
 
Any 
clearing 
system(s) 
other 
than 
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., Clearstream 
Banking, société anonyme and DTC and 
the relevant identification number(s) and 
details relating to the relevant depositary, if 
applicable: 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s) [and 
references to the [Relevant Clearing System/[ ⚫]] 
shall be deemed to be references to such clearing 
system] 
[The Securities will be accepted for settlement in 
Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited (CREST) via the 
CREST Depository Interest (CDI) mechanism.] 
 
37 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. 
38 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI. 
39 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. 
40 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI.

--- Page 1006 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
978 
 
 
 
[Euroclear 
Sweden 
AB]/[Euroclear 
Finland 
Oy]/[Euroclear France S.A.] 
 
 
[The Italian Listed Certificates will also be cleared 
indirectly through Monte Titoli S.p.A. through its 
bridge account]  
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [versus/free of] payment 
 
Names and address of the Swedish 
Securities Issuing and Paying Agent (if 
any): 
Citibank Europe plc (Sweden Branch), Stockholm, 
Sweden]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Names and address of the Finnish 
Securities Issuing and Paying Agent (if 
any): 
[Nordea Bank Abp, Aleksis Kiven Katu 3-5, 
Helsinki, Finland]/[Not Applicable]  
 
Names and address of the French Securities 
Issuing and Paying Agent (if any): 
[Citibank 
Europe 
plc, 
Dublin, 
Ireland]/[Not 
Applicable]  
 
[If no French Law Securities Registration Agent has been appointed, delete the following: 
 
Names and address of the French Law 
Securities Registration Agent (if any): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]]  
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[⚫] [Not Applicable]  
 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Securities are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a nominee 
of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper, 
that is, held under the New Safekeeping Structure,] 
[Include this text for Registered Securities which are 
to be held under the New Safekeeping Structure or 
NSS] and does not necessarily mean that the 
Securities will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met] [Not 
Applicable] 
10. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
[and 
addresses of the Lead Manager 
and the other Managers and 
underwriting commitments]*: 
[Not 
Applicable/give 
names, 
addresses 
and 
underwriting commitments and statement of portion 
not covered] 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and 
names and addresses of the entities agreeing to 
place the issue without a firm commitment or on a 
"best efforts" basis if such entities are not the same 
as the Managers)

--- Page 1007 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
979 
 
 
(iii) 
[Date 
of 
[Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[Not Applicable][⚫]] 
 
(iv) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name and 
address of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
 
(vi) 
[Total 
commission 
and 
concession: 
[None] 
[[⚫] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount] 
[[⚫] per cent. per Security] 
[No commissions and concessions are payable by 
the Issuer to the Dealer. The [(specify type of fee or 
commission)] payable by the Dealer to any 
distributor is [ ⚫] [of the Aggregate Principal 
Amount]/[per Security]. Investors can obtain more 
information about the fee by contacting the Dealer at 
the address set out herein] 
[[Up to] [⚫] per cent. [of the Aggregate Principal 
Amount]/[per Security] which comprises the 
(specify type of fee or commission) payable to the 
[Authorised Offeror] [ ⚫].] [The Authorised 
Offeror(s) will receive a distribution fee in respect 
of each outstanding Security equal to [(i)] [⚫] per 
cent. of [the relevant Interest Amount] [ ⚫] 
[AND/OR] [(ii) [⚫] per cent. of [the MER Amount 
minus the Calculation Amount] [⚫]] [OR] [(ii[i]) [⚫
] per cent. of [the Upper Redemption Amount due 
where no Redemption Barrier Event has occurred 
minus the Calculation Amount] [⚫]], in each case, 
on the date on which the relevant amount is paid to 
the holders.] Investors can obtain more information 
about this fee by contacting the relevant [Authorised 
Offeror] [ ⚫] [or the Dealer] at the relevant 
address(es) set out herein. [It is anticipated that the 
exact amount of the (specify type of fee or 
commission) will be published by the Issuer on [the 
website of Euronext Dublin][⚫] (specify where the 
Securities are not listed on Euronext Dublin)] on or 
around [⚫].]]  
[In addition to (specify any relevant offer price), the 
[Authorised Offeror] may charge investors in [⚫] a 
(specify type of fee or commission) of [up to] [⚫] per 
cent. [of the Aggregate Principal Amount]/[per 
Security]. Investors can obtain more information 
about this fee by contacting the [Authorised Offeror] 
at the address(es) set out herein]] 
 
(vii) 
[Prohibition of Offer to Private 
Clients in Switzerland: 
Applicable[, other than with respect to offers of the 
Securities during [the period[s] [⚫]-[⚫] (repeat as 
necessary)]] [or] [the duration of the applicable 
transition period under FinSA and its implementing 
ordinance]]]  
(Include if Securities are offered in Switzerland)

--- Page 1008 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
980 
 
 
(viii) 
Non-exempt Offer: 
[Not Applicable] [An offer [(The [⚫] Offer)] of the 
Securities may be made by [the Dealer(s)] [and] [⚫
]] (the [⚫] Initial Authorised Offeror(s)) other than 
pursuant to Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus 
Regulation [and/or other than pursuant to Article 
36(1) FinSA] [and [⚫]] during the period from (and 
including) [⚫] to (and including) [⚫] (the [⚫] Offer 
Period) in [⚫] ([⚫])] [[and] any additional financial 
intermediaries who have or obtain the Issuer's 
consent to use the Base Prospectus and this Final 
Terms in connection with the Non-exempt Offer and 
who are identified on the Issuer's website at [www.[
⚫]] as an Authorised Offeror] (together, being 
persons to whom the issuer has given consent, the [
⚫] Authorised Offeror(s)) other than pursuant to 
Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation 
[and/or other than pursuant to Article 36(1) FinSA] 
[and [⚫]] in [⚫] during the period from [⚫] until [⚫] 
(the [⚫] Offer Period) [during [⚫] (specify any 
particular times on those days)]. 
 
 
[Securities placed through door-to-door selling 
pursuant to Article 30 of the Financial Services Act 
will be offered during the Offer Period. Pursuant to 
article 30, paragraph 6, of the Legislative Decree 24 
February 1998, no. 58, as subsequently amended 
(the Financial Services Act), the validity and 
enforceability of the contracts entered into through 
door-to-door selling is suspended for a period of 
seven days after the investors' signature of the same. 
Within such period investors may communicate 
their withdrawal to the relevant [ ⚫] Authorised 
Offeror without any charge or commission] (insert 
where the Securities are offered in Italy and 
relevant) 
 
 
(specify for each jurisdiction in which a Non-exempt 
Offer is being undertaken and include details of 
terms relating to lengthening and/or shortening of 
offer period) 
 
 
Offers (if any) in any Member State (including the 
UK) other than the Public Offer Jurisdiction(s) will 
only be made pursuant to an exemption from the 
obligation under the Prospectus Regulation to 
publish a prospectus 
 
 
[Authorised Offeror(s) means [⚫] [and [⚫]].] 
 
 
[Initial Authorised Offeror(s) means [⚫] [and [⚫
]].] 
 
 
Public Offer Jurisdiction(s) means [⚫] [and [⚫]]  
 
 
See further Paragraph [11] below. 
 
(ix) 
[General Consent: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable]] 
 
(x) 
[Other conditions to consent: 
[Not Applicable][Add here any other conditions to 
which the consent given is subject].

--- Page 1009 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
981 
 
 
 
(N.B. Consider any local regulatory requirements 
necessary to be fulfilled so as to be able to make the 
Offer. No such offer should be made in any relevant 
jurisdiction until those requirements have been met. 
Offers may only be made into jurisdictions in which 
the base prospectus (and any supplement) has been 
notified/passported.)] 
 
(xi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA and 
UK Retail Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable [, other than with 
respect to offers of the Securities in [specify 
jurisdiction(s) for which a PRIIPs KID is being 
prepared] [during the period[s] [⚫]-[⚫] (repeat as 
necessary)]] 
(If the Securities clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. 
If 
the 
Securities 
may 
constitute 
"packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared other than in the relevant 
specified jurisdiction(s) for the relevant specified 
period(s), "Applicable" should be specified and 
details provided accordingly) 
11. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER  
 
(Delete whole section if sub-paragraph 10(viii) above is specified to be Not Applicable) 
 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price][⚫] 
 
Conditions to which the Offer is subject: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Description of the application process: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions and manner for refunding 
excess amount paid by applicants: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum 
amount of application: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Details of the method and time limits for 
paying up and delivering the Securities: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Manner in and date on which results of the 
offer are to be made public: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Procedure for exercise of any right of pre-
emption, negotiability of subscription 
rights and treatment of subscription rights 
not exercised: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Whether tranche(s) have been reserved for 
certain countries: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Process for notification to applicants of the 
amount allotted and the indication whether 
dealing may begin before notification is 
made: 
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 1010 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
982 
 
 
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically charged to the subscriber or 
purchaser: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Name(s), 
address(es), 
legal 
entity 
identifier, domicile, legal form and law and 
country of incorporation to the extent 
known to the Issuer, of the placers in the 
various countries where the offer takes 
place. 
[None/give details] 
12. 
UNITED STATES TAX CONSIDERATIONS  
 
General: [For U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Issuer intends to treat the Securities as 
[debt/fixed- rate debt/fixed-rate debt issued with OID/contingent payment debt instruments, [for 
which purpose, the comparable yield relating to the Securities will be [⚫]% compounded [semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] and the projected payment schedule with respect to a Security consists 
of the following payments: [⚫] /for which purpose, the comparable yield and the projected payment 
schedule are available by contacting [⚫] at [⚫]]/variable rate debt instruments/variable rate debt 
instruments issued with OID/foreign currency Securities/foreign currency Securities issued with 
OID/foreign currency contingent payment debt instruments, [for which purpose, the comparable 
yield relating to the Securities will be [⚫]% compounded [semi- annually/quarterly/monthly] and 
the projected payment schedule with respect to a Security consists of the following payments: [⚫] 
/for which purpose, the comparable yield and the projected payment schedule are available by 
contacting [⚫] at [⚫]]/short-term Securities/prepaid forward contracts or options/prepaid forward 
contracts or options with associated periodic payments/a put and a deposit, for which purpose, the 
Issuer will treat [⚫]% of each coupon on a Security as interest on the deposit and [⚫]% as put 
premium/[specify other]]. [The Securities are Non-U.S. Issuer Securities]. 
 
Section 871(m) 
 
(Use this paragraph if the Section 871(m) determinations are final.) [The Issuer has determined 
that the Securities are Specified ELIs based on either the "delta" test or the "substantial 
equivalence" test, as indicated in the table below. Please see the table below for additional 
information with respect to Section 871(m), including information necessary to calculate the 
amounts of dividend equivalents for the Securities.]/[The Issuer has determined that the Securities 
are Specified ELIs because (i) the Issue Date for the Securities is prior to 2023 and (ii) the Securities 
have a "delta" of one.]/[The Issuer has determined that the underlying asset(s) consist solely of one 
or more Qualified Indices and/or Qualified Index Securities and, therefore, that the Securities are 
not Specified ELIs.]/[The Issuer has determined that the underlying asset(s) consist solely of one 
or more indices whose sole U.S. equity components are Qualified Indices and/or Qualified Index 
Securities and, therefore, that the Securities are not Specified ELIs.]/[The Issuer has determined 
that the Securities are not Specified ELIs based on either the "delta" test or the "substantial 
equivalence" test, as indicated in the table below.]/[The Issuer has determined that the Securities 
are not Specified ELIs because (i) the Issue Date for the Securities is prior to 2023 and (ii) the 
Securities do not have a "delta" of one.]/[The Issuer has determined that the Securities are not 
Specified ELIs for the purpose of Section 871(m).] 
 
(Use this paragraph instead if the Section 871(m) determinations are indicative and will be 
updated at issuance.) [The following is based on information available as of the date of these Final 
Terms. [The Issuer would treat the Securities as Specified ELIs based on either the "delta" test or 
the "substantial equivalence" test, as indicated in the table below. Please see the table below for 
additional information with respect to Section 871(m), including information necessary to calculate 
the amounts of dividend equivalents for the Securities.]/[The Issuer would treat the Securities as 
Specified ELIs because (i) the Issue Date for the Securities is prior to 2023 and (ii) the Securities 
have a "delta" of one.]/[The Issuer would not treat the Securities as Specified ELIs because the 
underlying asset(s) consist solely of one or more Qualified Indices and/or Qualified Index 
Securities.]/[The Issuer would not treat the Securities as Specified ELIs because the underlying 
asset(s) consist solely of one or more indices whose sole U.S. equity components are Qualified 
Indices and/or Qualified Index Securities.]/[The Issuer would not treat the Securities as Specified 
ELIs based on either the "delta" test or the "substantial equivalence" test, as indicated in the table

--- Page 1011 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
983 
 
below.]/[The Issuer would not treat the Securities as Specified ELIs because (i) the Issue Date for 
the Securities is prior to 2023 and (ii) the Securities do not have a "delta" of one.] This information 
is indicative and will be updated based on circumstances at the time the Securities are issued. 
Please [contact []]/[review the amended Final Terms] for further information regarding the 
application of Section 871(m) to the Securities.] 
 
[The Securities are Specified Current Payment Securities./The Securities are Specified Net Total 
Return Securities.] 
 
(Include table below if (i) the Securities are Specified ELIs, or (ii) the Securities are not Specified 
ELIs based on either the "delta" test or the "substantial equivalence" test.) 
 
Underlying 
Asset 
Underlying 
Securities 
(Y/N) 
Qualified 
Index/ 
Qualified 
Index 
Security 
(Y/N) 
Simple 
Contract 
(Y/N) 
Delta (if 
Simple 
Contract) 
Substantial 
Equivalence 
Test (if not a 
Simple 
Contract) 
Number of 
Shares 
Multiplied 
by Delta (if 
Simple 
Contract) 
Initial 
Hedge (if 
applicable) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
13. 
[EXAMPLES TO EXPLAIN HOW THE VALUE OF THE INVESTMENT IS AFFECTED 
BY THE VALUE OF THE UNDERLYING(S) 
 
THE SCENARIO[S] AND FIGURES PRESENTED BELOW ARE FOR ILLUSTRATIVE 
PURPOSES ONLY. THE EXAMPLE[S] SHOWN BELOW MAY NOT HAVE AN EQUAL 
LIKELIHOOD OF OCCURRENCE. THE [INTEREST AMOUNT[S]] [AND] [EARLY 
REDEMPTION AMOUNT AND] REDEMPTION AMOUNT IN RESPECT OF EACH 
SECURITY WILL BE CALCULATED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE CONDITIONS OF THE 
SECURITIES AS SET OUT IN THE "TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES" IN 
THE BASE PROSPECTUS AND THE FINAL TERMS IN PART A ABOVE. THE ISSUER[, 
GUARANTOR] AND DEALER MAKE NO REPRESENTATION THAT ANY OF THE 
SCENARIOS PROVIDED BELOW WILL OCCUR. 
 
[include examples of complex derivatives securities (if appropriate) to provide a clear and 
comprehensive explanation to help investors understand how the value of their investment is 
affected by the value of the Underlying(s)] 
[include additional provisions, not required by the relevant securities note annex, which relate to 
the Underlying(s), per Annex 28 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980]]  
 
(Delete this paragraph if not applicable) 
14. 
[CREDIT LINKED NOTES INFORMATION (Credit Linked Notes only) 
 
Certain information in relation to [the][each] Reference Entity and [[Non-] Standard Reference 
Obligation][Reference Assets] (if any) as at the Issue Date is set out below. 
 
Name: 
[⚫] 
 
Address: 
[⚫] 
 
Country of incorporation: 
[⚫] 
 
Industry or industries of operation: 
[ ⚫] (For example financials, energy, 
insurance, 
manufacturing, 
construction, 
transport, media determined on the basis of 
available information on the Reference Entity) 
 
Market[(s)] on which securities are admitted to 
trading: 
[⚫]

--- Page 1012 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
984 
 
 
[[Non-] 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation][Reference Assets] securities code: 
[⚫] 
 
(The information above should be completed so far as the Issuer is aware and/or able to ascertain 
from information published by the relevant Reference Entity and repeated for each  Reference 
Entity. Country of incorporation, industry and address will be N/A for a Sovereign Reference Entity 
and securities code (e.g. ISIN/CUSIP) will be N/A if there is no Reference Obligation/Reference 
Asset or it has no securities code. Note permissible markets for a Reference Entity's securities to 
be admitted to trading on are regulated markets, equivalent third country markets and SME 
Growth Markets. Include reference to Reference Assets above as appropriate for Local Access 
Credit Linked Notes.) 
As at the Issue Date information in relation to the past and further performance of [[the] [each] 
Reference Entity] [[insert Reference Entity name]] is available [free of charge/at a charge] from 
[internationally recognised electronically displayed sources such as Bloomberg and any web-site 
of such Reference Entity]. 
(Repeat for each Reference Entity as applicable)]  
Notes: 
* 
Delete if the minimum denomination is greater than or equal to EUR100,000 (or its equivalent)

--- Page 1013 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
985 
 
[ANNEX 
SUMMARY OF THE SECURITIES 
(insert completed Summary for the Securities where the denomination of the Securities is less than 
EUR100,000)]

--- Page 1014 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
986 
 
APPENDIX 1 – CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
(a) 
N-th to Default Basket Credit Linked Notes – Appendix 1 
Reference 
Entity 
Transaction 
Type: 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation 
Reference 
Obligations: 
Seniority Level: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
where applicable 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is 
not 
a 
sovereign] 
[Senior 
Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
[Senior 
Non-
Preferred Level] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
where applicable 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is 
not 
a 
sovereign] 
[Senior 
Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
[Senior 
Non-
Preferred Level] 
(Repeat rows as necessary) 
(b) 
[Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes][Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes] – Appendix 1 
Reference Entity 
and Transaction 
Type: 
Reference Entity 
Weighting: 
Reference 
Obligations: 
Reference Entity 
Notional 
Amount: 
Seniority Level: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is not a sovereign, 
where applicable] 
[⚫] 
[Senior 
Level]/ 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
/[Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is not a sovereign, 
where applicable] 
[⚫] 
[Senior 
Level]/ 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
/[Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level] 
(Repeat rows as necessary)

--- Page 1015 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
987 
 
(c) 
[Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes ]/[Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes] – Appendix 1 
The table below reflects data from the Index Annex as at Index Annex Date which will be subject to 
adjustments effected to the Index Annex. 
Reference Entity 
and Transaction 
Type: 
Reference Entity 
Weighting: 
Reference 
Obligations: 
Reference Entity 
Notional 
Amount: 
Seniority Level: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is not a sovereign, 
where applicable] 
[⚫] 
[Senior 
Level]/ 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
/[Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is not a sovereign, 
where applicable] 
[⚫] 
[Senior 
Level]/ 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
/[Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level] 
(Repeat rows as necessary) 
(d) 
[Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes] – Settled Entity Matrix  
The table below reflects data from the Index Annex as at  Index Annex Date. 
Settled Entity: 
Weighted 
Average 
Final 
Price: 
Weighting: 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
(Repeat rows as necessary)

--- Page 1016 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
988 
 
APPENDIX 2 – INDEX SKEW NOTES 
The table below reflects data from the Index Annex as at Index Annex Date which will be subject to 
adjustments effected to the Index Annex. 
Reference 
Entity: 
Transaction 
Type: 
Weighting: 
Reference 
Entity 
Notional 
Amount: 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation: 
Reference 
Obligations: 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
where 
applicable, 
including a 
short 
description 
thereof if the 
Reference 
Entity is not a 
sovereign] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
where 
applicable, 
including a 
short 
description 
thereof if the 
Reference 
Entity is not a 
sovereign] 
(Repeat rows as necessary) 
Index Skew Notes – Hypothetical Single Name Set 
Reference 
Entity 
Transaction 
Type 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation 
Reference 
Obligation 
Seniority 
Level 
Floating 
Rate Payer 
Calculation 
Amount 
(Insert 
Currency) 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
where 
applicable, 
including a 
short 
description 
thereof if the 
Reference 
Entity is not 
a sovereign] 
[Senior Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
[Senior Non 
Preferred 
Level] 
[Specify]

--- Page 1017 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
989 
 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
where 
applicable, 
including a 
short 
description 
thereof if the 
Reference 
Entity is not 
a sovereign] 
[Senior Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
[Senior Non 
Preferred 
Level] 
[Specify] 
(Repeat rows as necessary)

--- Page 1018 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
990 
 
SECTION G.4 – PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS – [Other than with respect 
to offers of the Securities in [specify jurisdiction(s)] for which a PRIIPs KID is being prepared] [during 
the period[s] [⚫]-[⚫] (repeat periods as necessary)], [T]/[t]he Securities are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the EEA or in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, varied or replaced from time to time, MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the Prospectus Regulation). 
Consequently[, save as provided above,] no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA or in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA or 
in the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of 
Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA") - The Issuer has determined the 
classification of the Securities as prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products 
(as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice 
FAA- N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products)].2  
[PROHIBITION OF OFFER TO PRIVATE CLIENTS IN SWITZERLAND - [[Other than with 
respect to offers of the Securities [during the period[s] [⚫]-[⚫] (repeat periods as necessary),] for which 
a key information document according to the Swiss Federal Financial Services Act (FinSA) or an 
equivalent document under FinSA has been prepared] [or] [for the duration of the applicable transition 
period under FinSA and its implementing ordinance, for which a simplified prospectus pursuant to 
Article 5(2) of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes, as such article was in effect 
immediately prior to the entry into effect of FinSA, has been prepared],] [t][T]he Securities are not 
intended to be offered or recommended to private clients within the meaning of [the Swiss Federal 
Financial Services Act (FinSA)/FinSA] in Switzerland. For these purposes, a private client means a 
person who is not one (or more) of the following: (i) a professional client as defined in Article 4(3) FinSA 
(not having opted-in on the basis of Article 5(5) FinSA) or Article 5(1) FinSA; or (ii) an institutional 
client as defined in Article 4(4) FinSA; or (iii) a private client with an asset management agreement 
according to Article 58(2) FinSA.]3 
[This Pricing Supplement has not been and will not be filed and deposited with a review body in 
Switzerland for entry on the list according to Article 64(5) of FinSA. Accordingly, the Securities may 
not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of FinSA, other than 
pursuant to an exemption under Article 36(1) FinSA or where such offer does not qualify as a public 
offer in Switzerland. Neither this Pricing Supplement nor any other offering or marketing material 
relating to the Securities constitutes a prospectus pursuant to FinSA, and neither this Pricing Supplement 
 
1 
Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Securities potentially constitute "packaged" products or the issuer wishes 
to prohibit offers to EEA or UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be 
"Applicable". 
2  
To insert notice if classification of the Securities is not "capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products", pursuant 
to Section 309B of the SFA or Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it 
/ they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the 
SFA. A notification of the product classification is required as long as an offer of securities is contemplated in Singapore and the offer 
is not, or not intended to be, restricted to persons specified in Regulation 2 of the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (i.e. an "accredited investor", "expert investor", "institutional investor" or "any other person that is not 
an individual"). 
3  
Include if Securities are debt instruments with a "derivative character" for the purpose of FinSA and are offered in Switzerland.

--- Page 1019 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
991 
 
nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Securities may be publicly distributed or 
otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland.]4 
Pricing Supplement dated [⚫] 
Citigroup Inc./Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc./Citigroup Global Markets Funding 
Luxembourg S.C.A.]5 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
[6SHGI4ZSSLCXXQSBB395]/[82VOJDD5PTRDMVVMGV31]/[549300EVRWDWFJUNNP53] 
Issue of [Specify Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche/(specify aggregate number of Securities or 
Units of Tranche) Units of (specify principal amount of or number for each Unit)] [Title of Securities] 
[Guaranteed by Citigroup Inc.]6 [Guaranteed by Citigroup Global Markets Limited]7 
Under the Citi U.S.$60,000,000,000 Global Medium Term Note Programme 
No prospectus is required in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below) in relation to 
Securities which are the subject of this Pricing Supplement.  
The Base Listing Particulars referred to below (as completed by this Pricing Supplement) has been 
prepared on the basis that any offer of Securities in any Member State of the EEA or the United Kingdom 
(UK) (each, a Relevant State) will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation 
from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of the Securities. Accordingly any person making 
or intending to make an offer in that Relevant State of the Securities may only do so in circumstances in 
which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of 
the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. None of the Issuer[, the CGMHI Guarantor]8 [, the 
CGMFL Guarantor]9 and any Dealer has authorised, nor does any of them authorise, the making of any 
offer of Securities in any other circumstances. For the purposes hereof, the expression Prospectus 
Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended). 
The Securities [and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee]10 [and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee]11 have not 
been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities 
Act) or any state securities law. [The Securities [and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee]12 [and CGMFL 
Deed of Guarantee]13 are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance 
on Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S) and may not be offered or sold within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S). Each purchaser 
of the Securities or any beneficial interest therein will be deemed to have represented and agreed that it 
is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person and will not sell, pledge or otherwise transfer the 
Securities or any beneficial interest therein at any time within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, a U.S. person, other than the Issuer or any affiliate thereof.]14 [The Securities are being 
offered and sold solely to "qualified institutional buyers" (QIBs) in reliance on the exemption from 
registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A thereunder (Rule 144A). Each purchaser of 
the Securities or any beneficial interest therein will be deemed to have represented and agreed that it and 
 
4  
Include if Securities are offered in Switzerland. 
5  
Delete as applicable. 
6  
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. 
7  
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI. 
8 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. 
9 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI. 
10 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. 
11 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI. 
12 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. 
13 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI. 
14  
Include for Securities offered in reliance on Regulation S.

--- Page 1020 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
992 
 
each account for which it is purchasing (or holding) Securities is a QIB and that it will not sell, pledge 
or otherwise transfer the Securities or any beneficial interest therein at any time to any person other than 
(a) the Issuer or any affiliate thereof or (b) a person it reasonably believes to be a QIB purchasing the 
Securities for its own account or for the account of one or more QIBs in a transaction meeting the 
requirements of Rule 144A and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any State of the 
United States and any other jurisdiction.]15 The Securities [and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee]16 [and 
the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee] 17 [and any Entitlements] 18 do not constitute, and have not been 
marketed as, contracts of sale of a commodity for future delivery (or options thereon) subject to the 
United States Commodity Exchange Act, as amended, and trading in the Securities has not been approved 
by the United States Commodity Futures Trading Commission under the United States Commodity 
Exchange Act, as amended. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Securities, see 
"General Information relating to the Programme and the Securities - Subscription and Sale and Transfer 
and Selling Restrictions" in the Base Listing Particulars. 
The Securities may not be offered or sold to, or acquired by, any person that is, or whose purchase and 
holding of the Securities is made on behalf of or with "plan assets" of, an employee benefit plan subject 
to Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA), a plan, 
individual retirement account or other arrangement subject to Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended (the Code) or an employee benefit plan or other plan or arrangement subject 
to any laws, rules or regulations substantially similar to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
The Securities are [English Law Securities][Irish Law Securities][ that are also [Swedish Securities [(and 
therefore the Issuer shall have the right to obtain extracts from the register of creditors (Sw. skuldbok) 
from Euroclear Sweden)]] [and] [Finnish Securities [(and therefore the Issuer shall, subject to regulations 
of Euroclear Finland and applicable laws, be entitled to acquire from Euroclear Finland a list of the 
holders of Finnish Securities, PROVIDED THAT it is technically possible for Euroclear Finland to 
maintain such a list)][French Law Securities].19 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth 
under the section entitled "General Conditions of the Securities"[,/and] [the Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule] [and the Underlying Schedule[s] applicable to [the/each] Underlying] in the Base Listing 
Particulars [and the Supplement[s] to the Base Listing Particulars].  
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the Securities described herein and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Listing Particulars [as so supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer[, the 
CGMHI Guarantor]20 [, the CGMFL Guarantor]21 and the offer of the Securities is only available on the 
basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Listing Particulars [as so 
supplemented].  
The Base Listing Particulars [and the Supplement[s]] [is] [are] available for viewing at the offices of the 
Paying Agents and on [[the website of Euronext Dublin (www.ise.ie)] [the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu)] [,/and] [the website of [ ⚫] at [ ⚫]]]. [In addition, this Pricing 
Supplement is available [⚫]].  
[Use this paragraph if the Base Listing Particulars has not been supplemented: For the purposes hereof, 
Base Listing Particulars means the [Citigroup Inc./CGMHI/CGMFL] Underlying Linked Notes Base 
Listing Particulars in relation to the Programme dated 18 December 2020.] 
 
15 
Include for Notes offered in reliance on Rule 144A. 
16 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. 
17 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI. 
18 
Include for Physical Delivery Securities. 
19 
Delete as applicable. 
20 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. 
21 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI.

--- Page 1021 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
993 
 
[Use this paragraph if the Base Listing Particulars has been supplemented: For the purposes hereof, 
Base Listing Particulars means the [Citigroup Inc./CGMHI/CGMFL] Underlying Linked Notes Base 
Listing Particulars relating to the Programme dated 18 December 2020, as supplemented by a 
Supplement (No.[⚫]) dated [⚫] ([the] Supplement [No.[⚫]]) [and a Supplement (No.[⚫]) dated [⚫] 
(Supplement No.[⚫] and, together with Supplement No.[⚫], the Supplements)].] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Listing Particulars with an earlier date.  
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
Conditions) set forth under the section entitled "General Conditions of the Securities" [,/and] [the 
Valuation and Settlement Schedule] [and the Underlying Schedule[s] applicable to [the/each] 
Underlying] in the Base Listing Particulars [as supplemented by the Supplement[s]].  
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the Securities described herein and must be read in 
conjunction with the Current Base Listing Particulars [and the Supplement[s] to the Current Base Listing 
Particulars], save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the Base Listing Particulars [as 
supplemented by the Supplement[s] to the Base Listing Particulars] and are incorporated by reference 
into the Current Base Listing Particulars. Full information on the Issuer[, the CGMHI Guarantor]22[, the 
CGMFL Guarantor]23 and the offer of the Securities is only available on the basis of the combination of 
this Pricing Supplement and the Base Listing Particulars [and the Supplement[s] to the Base Listing 
Particulars] and the Current Base Listing Particulars [and the Supplement[s] to the Current Base Listing 
Particulars].  
The Base Listing Particulars [and the Supplement[s] to the Base Listing Particulars] [is/are] available for 
viewing at the offices of the Paying Agents and on [the website of Euronext Dublin (www.ise.ie)] [the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu)] [and on the website of [⚫] at [⚫]]. The 
Current Base Listing Particulars [and the Supplement[s] to the Current Base Listing Particulars] [is/are] 
available for viewing at the offices of the Paying Agents and on [the website of Euronext Dublin 
(www.ise.ie)] [the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu)] [,/and] [the website of 
[⚫] at [⚫]]. In addition, this Pricing Supplement is available [⚫].] 
[Use this paragraph if the Conditions have not been amended by way of a Supplement to the Base Listing 
Particulars: For the purposes hereof, Base Listing Particulars means the [Citigroup 
Inc./CGMHI/CGMFL] Underlying Linked Notes Base Listing Particulars relating to the Programme 
dated [26 June 2013]/[25 September 2013]/[25 September 2014]/[25 September 2015]/[4 February 
2016]/[3 February 2017]/[2 February 2018]/[25 January 2019]/[19 July 2019]/[8 May 2020].] 
[Use this paragraph if the Conditions have been amended by way of a Supplement to the Base Listing 
Particulars: For the purposes hereof, Base Listing Particulars means the [Citigroup 
Inc./CGMHI/CGMFL] Underlying Linked Notes Base Listing Particulars relating to the Programme 
dated [26 June 2013]/[25 September 2013]/[25 September 2014]/[25 September 2015]/[4 February 
2016]/[3 February 2017]/[2 February 2018]/[25 January 2019]/[19 July 2019]/[8 May 2020], as 
supplemented by a Supplement (No.[⚫]) dated [⚫] ([the] Supplement [to the Base Listing Particulars] 
[No.[⚫]]) [and a Supplement (No.[⚫]) dated [⚫] (Supplement No. [●] and, together with Supplement 
No.[⚫], the Supplements to the Base Listing Particulars)].] 
[Use this paragraph if the Current Base Listing Particulars has not been supplemented: For the purposes 
hereof, Current Base Listing Particulars means the [Citigroup Inc./CGMHI/CGMFL] Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Listing Particulars relating to the Programme dated 18 December 2020.] 
[Use this paragraph if the Current Base Listing Particulars has been supplemented: For the purposes 
hereof, Current Base Listing Particulars means the [Citigroup Inc./CGMHI/CGMFL] Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Listing Particulars relating to the Programme dated 18 December 2020, as 
supplemented by a Supplement (No.[⚫]) dated [⚫] ([the] Supplement [to the Current Base Listing 
Particulars] [No.[⚫]]) [and a Supplement (No.[⚫]) dated [⚫] (Supplement No.[⚫] and, together with 
Supplement No.[⚫], the Supplements to the Current Base Listing Particulars)].]] 
 
22 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. 
23 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI.

--- Page 1022 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
994 
 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub 
paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
[When completing any pricing supplement consideration should be given as to whether the relevant terms 
or information constitute "significant new factors" relating to information included in the Base Listing 
Particulars which is capable of affecting the assessment of the Exempt Securities to be listed on the Euro 
MTF and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus.] 
1. 
(i) 
Issuer: 
[Citigroup Inc./Citigroup Global Markets 
Holdings 
Inc./Citigroup 
Global 
Markets 
Funding Luxembourg S.C.A.]24 
 
(ii) 
Guarantor: 
[Citigroup Inc./Citigroup Global Markets 
Limited/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. Only Securities issued by Citigroup 
Global Markets Holdings Inc. are guaranteed 
by Citigroup Inc./Only Securities issued by 
Citigroup 
Global 
Markets 
Funding 
Luxembourg 
S.C.A. 
are 
guaranteed 
by 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited) 
2. 
(i) 
Type of Security: 
[Note[s]] [Certificate[s]] 
[Exercise style: the Certificates are [European 
style]/[Multiple Exercise] Certificates [and 
Automatic Exercise applies]] ((applicable in 
the case where "Certificate[s]" is specified 
above") 
[Notes, but referred to as "Certificates"] (if 
applicable, complete the Final Terms as if the 
Securities were Notes save to replace 
references in the Final Terms to "Note(s)" with 
"Certificates(s)") 
(for Swedish Securities in the form of 
Certificates, Automatic Exercise shall apply) 
[Italian Listed Certificates] (if Applicable, 
replace references in the Final Terms to 
redemption with references to termination, 
references to interest with references to 
premium and references to maturity date with 
references to final termination date)] 
 
(ii) 
Series Number: 
[⚫] 
 
(iii) 
Tranche Number: 
[⚫] 
 
 
(If fungible with an existing Series, details of 
that Series, including the date on which the 
Securities become fungible)] 
 
(iv) 
Date on which the Securities will be 
consolidated and form a single Series: 
[Not Applicable] [The [identify present 
Tranche] will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [⚫
]/[the Issue Date]]   
 
24 
Delete as applicable.

--- Page 1023 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
995 
 
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[ ⚫]/[The Securities are Dual Currency 
Securities. Specified Currency means: 
 
 
(a) 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
Specified 
Denomination (if applicable) and the 
Calculation 
Amount 
(the 
Denomination Currency): [⚫] 
 
 
(b) 
in 
respect 
of 
payments 
and/or 
deliveries (the Relevant Currency): [
⚫]] 
[Euro] (Payments to be made in France under 
French Law Securities must be made in Euro 
exclusively) 
 
[Resultant figure(s) in Euro of amount(s) 
specified herein denominated in a currency 
other than Euro:25  
(Relevant for certain issues of French Law 
Securities only, delete if not relevant) 
[The Aggregate Principal Amount, Specified 
Denomination and any other amount(s) 
specified herein have been translated into Euro 
at the exchange rate of [⚫] [specify currency 
other than euro] equal to EUR1.00, producing 
a sum of: EUR [⚫]]  
 
[Method for translating into Euro any 
amount(s) denominated in a currency other 
than Euro payable under the Securities: 
(Relevant for certain issues of French Law 
Securities only, delete if not relevant and if 
payments to be made under the Securities are 
to be made in Euro)  
[The [specify relevant amount(s) specified 
herein denominated in a currency other than 
Euro] will be translated into Euro at the 
[specify currency other than Euro]/EUR 
exchange rate (spot/bid) prevailing at the date 
of settlement of such amount(s) at the time or 
times 
as 
the 
[Calculation 
Agent]/[Determination 
Agent] 
deems 
appropriate and the resultant figure will be 
rounded to the nearest euro 0.01 (with Euro 
0.005 being rounded upwards)]] 
4. 
[Aggregate Principal Amount]/[Number of 
Securities]: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[⚫][Securities][Units (each Unit being [⚫] in 
principal amount of the Securities)] [per cent. 
of the Aggregate Principal Amount converted 
into the Relevant Currency at the Initial FX 
Rate, being [specify in Relevant Currency] in 
respect of the Aggregate Principal Amount. 
Initial FX Rate means [ ⚫]]/[each Unit 
consisting of [⚫] Securities] 
 
25  
For domestic issues whose settlement is made from an account located in France, payments with respect to the French Law Securities 
shall be made in euros (pursuant to Article 1343-3 of the French Code civil).

--- Page 1024 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
996 
 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[⚫][Securities][Units (each Unit being [⚫] in 
principal amount of the Securities)]/[each Unit 
consisting of [⚫] Securities] 
 
 
[The 
Securities 
are 
issued 
in 
Units. 
Accordingly, references herein to Units shall 
be deemed to be references to [[⚫] in principal 
amount of the]/[a number of [⚫]] Securities and 
all references in the Conditions to payments 
and/or deliveries being made in respect of a 
Security shall be construed to such payments 
and/or deliveries being made in respect of a 
Unit] 
(For fungible issues, specify the Aggregate 
Principal Amount / Number of Securities in 
respect of each Tranche) 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[[ ⚫] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [insert 
date]](insert 
for 
fungible 
issues, 
if 
applicable)/[[⚫] per Security] 
(For fungible issues, specify the Issue Price in 
respect of each Tranche) 
6. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[⚫]/[Unit]/[Not Applicable] (only applicable 
for Notes – specify "Not Applicable" for 
Certificates) 
(in the case of Registered Securities, this means 
the minimum integral amount in which 
transfers can be made) 
 
 
(The 
minimum 
specified 
denomination/principal amount represented by 
a Unit is EUR1,000)  
 
 
(In respect of Swedish Securities, Finnish 
Securities and French Law Securities which 
are Notes, there shall be one denomination 
only.) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[⚫][Unit][per Certificate] 
(If the Securities are Notes with only one 
Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination. If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common 
factor. N.B. There must be a common factor in 
the 
case 
of 
two 
or 
more 
Specified 
Denominations) 
(For Certificates, the Calculation Amount does 
not reflect a principal amount, but the term 
must be specified as it is necessary for use in 
the Valuation and Settlement Schedule and 
other places) 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[[⚫]]/[[⚫] Business Days following the Initial 
Preference Share Reference Date, which is

--- Page 1025 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
997 
 
expected to be [ ⚫]] (Specify for Preference 
Share Linked Securities only) 
(For fungible issues, specify the Issue Date in 
respect of each Tranche) 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[⚫]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
[Maturity Date: 
(If the Securities are Credit Linked Notes or 
Index Skew Notes, replace "Maturity Date" 
above with "Scheduled Maturity Date") 
[⚫][, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the 
[Modified][Preceding][Following] 
Business Day Convention][Interest Payment 
Date falling on or nearest to [⚫]][⚫] where 
EMTA provisions are applicable in respect of 
any FX Rate: or, if later, the Number of 
Settlement Business Days following the [last 
occurring] Final Valuation Date] 
 
 
[The Final Valuation Date] (Specify for 
Preference Share Linked Securities only)] 
 
(If the Securities are Certificates, delete the 
above and insert the following: 
 
 
[Exercise Date(s): 
[Each] [Valuation Date]/[The Final Valuation 
Date] 
 
Settlement Date: 
[⚫][, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the 
[Modified][Preceding][Following] 
Business Day Convention][Interest Payment 
Date falling on or nearest to [⚫]][⚫] where 
EMTA provisions are applicable in respect of 
any FX Rate: or, if later, the Number of 
Settlement Business Days following the [last 
occurring] Final Valuation Date]] 
9. 
Type of Securities: 
[[Fixed 
Rate 
Securities/Floating 
Rate 
Securities/CMS 
Rate 
Securities/Spread 
Securities/Inflation Rate 
Securities/Interim 
Performance Interest Securities/Twin Win 
Interim 
Performance 
Interest 
Securities/Reverse 
Interim 
Performance 
Interest Securities] [and Range Accrual 
Securities/Range 
Accrual 
(Expanded) 
Securities/Multi-Chance Securities/Lookback 
Securities]] [The Securities do not bear or pay 
any interest] [if an Interest Barrier Event [does 
not] occur[s] [and]] [The Securities do not pay 
any Coupon Amount if a Coupon Barrier Event 
[does not] occur[s] [and]]] (repeat as 
necessary) [Specify other] 
 
 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Provisions are 
applicable as specified in item 14[(iii)] below]  
 
 
The 
[Securities 
are 
Underlying 
Linked 
Securities and the] Redemption Amount of the 
Securities is determined in accordance with 
item 14(iv) [and, as the Underlying Linked 
Securities 
Redemption 
Provisions 
are 
applicable, item 14(v) below]

--- Page 1026 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
998 
 
 
 
The Securities are Cash Settled Securities 
[and/or may be Physical Delivery Securities] 
 
 
[The Securities are Dual Currency Securities] 
[In order to receive the Entitlement on the 
Maturity Date (subject as provided in the 
Conditions), 
Securityholders 
should 
complete and deliver an Asset Transfer 
Notice in accordance with the Conditions in 
any event as it may not be known prior to 
the Cut-off Date whether the Securities will 
be cash settled and/or settled by physical 
delivery of the Entitlement] 
10. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Call as specified in item 14(i) below] 
[Investor Put as specified in item 14(ii) below] 
[Not Applicable] 
11. 
(i) 
Status of the Securities: 
Senior 
 
(ii) 
Status of the CGMHI Deed of 
Guarantee: 
[Senior] [Not Applicable] 
(Not applicable for Securities issued by 
Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL) 
 
(iii) 
Status of the CGMFL Deed of 
Guarantee: 
[Senior][Not Applicable] 
(Not applicable for Securities issued by 
Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO UNDERLYING LINKED SECURITIES AND EARLY 
REDEMPTION 
12. 
Underlying Linked Securities Provisions: 
Applicable – the provisions in the Valuation 
and Settlement Schedule apply (subject as 
provided in any relevant Underlying Schedule) 
 
(i) 
Underlying: 
(the following information may be 
tabulated) 
 
 
(A) 
Description 
of 
Underlying(s): 
[specify each Underlying including ISIN or 
other identification number where available, 
including definitions, as appropriate] 
 
(B) 
Classification: 
[Security Index/Inflation Index/Commodity 
Index/ 
Commodity/Share/Depositary 
Receipt/ETF Share/ Mutual Fund Interest/FX 
Rate (EMTA Provisions: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable])/[Warrant/]Proprietary 
Index/Dividend 
Futures 
Contract/Rate/Preference Share] 
 
 
(specify for each Underlying) 
 
 
(N.B.: Preference Share Linked Securities may 
only be issued by CGMFL) 
 
(C) 
Electronic Page: 
[⚫] (specify for each Underlying)

--- Page 1027 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
999 
 
 
(ii) 
Particulars 
in 
respect 
of 
each 
Underlying: 
(the following information may be 
tabulated) 
(Delete the sub-paragraphs which are not 
applicable) 
 
[Security Index/Indices: 
(specify for each Security Index) 
 
(A) 
Type of Index: 
[Single Exchange Index/Multiple Exchange 
Index][Bond Index] 
 
(B) 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫] 
 
 
(N.B.: Only required in relation to Single 
Exchange Indices) 
 
(C) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[[⚫]/All Exchanges] 
 
(D) 
Single Valuation Time: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Same Day Publication: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
 
(Specify Applicable where the level published 
on the relevant Valuation Date is taken. Specify 
Not Applicable where the level for a Valuation 
Date is taken regardless of which day it is 
published) 
 
[Inflation Index/Indices: 
(specify for each Inflation Index) 
 
(A) 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable: The definition set out in Inflation 
Index Condition 1 (Definitions) shall apply/[⚫
]][Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Revision of level of Inflation 
Index: 
[Revision/No Revision] 
(N.B.: If neither "Revision" nor "No Revision" 
is specified, "No Revision" will be deemed to 
apply)] 
 
[Commodity Index/Indices: 
(specify for each Commodity Index) 
 
Same Day Publication: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify Applicable where the level published 
on the relevant Valuation Date is taken. Specify 
Not Applicable where the level for a Valuation 
Date is taken regardless of which day it is 
published) 
 
[Commodity/Commodities: 
(specify for each Commodity) 
 
(A) 
Commodity Price: 
[[high price][low price][average of high and 
low prices][closing price][opening price][bid 
price][asked price][average of bid and asked 
prices][settlement price][official settlement 
price] 
[official 
price] 
[morning 
fixing][afternoon fixing][spot price][ ⚫] [per 
[insert unit]] of [insert commodity] on [the 
relevant Exchange/(specify other source)] [of 
the [relevant] Futures Contract for the 
[relevant] Delivery Date] as made public by 
[the [relevant] Exchange] on [the [relevant]

--- Page 1028 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1000 
 
Price 
Source]] 
[(specify 
price)][Fallback 
Commodity Dealers] 
 
(B) 
Delivery Date: 
[date] 
[month 
and 
year] 
[[First/Second/Third/other] Nearby Month] 
[Either (i) the [First/Second/ Third/ other] 
Nearby Month or (ii) if the Calculation Agent 
determines that the relevant Valuation Date 
falls less than [[⚫]] Commodity Business Days 
prior to the earlier of (A) the last trading day of 
the relevant [First/Second/Third/other] Futures 
Contract; or (B) the first day on which notice of 
intent to deliver in respect of the relevant 
[First/Second/Third/other] Futures Contract 
may be submitted (howsoever defined in the 
terms of the relevant Futures Contract and/or 
the rules of the relevant Exchange), the 
[First/Second/Third/other] 
Nearby 
Month][specify method] 
 
(C) 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(D) 
Price Source: 
[The Electronic Page][⚫] 
(N.B.: Unless otherwise specified, Price Source 
shall be the Electronic Page) 
 
(E) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[⚫] 
(N.B.: Only applicable if the definition for 
Bullion Commodities in the Commodity 
Conditions is not applicable)] 
 
[Share(s): 
(specify for each Share) 
 
(A) 
Share Company: 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(C) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[[[⚫]/All Exchanges]] 
 
(D) 
Stapled Share: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify for each Share which is a Stapled 
Share) 
Component Share: [⚫] 
Component Share Company: [⚫] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
[Depositary Receipt(s): 
(specify for each Depositary Receipt) 
 
(A) 
Full Lookthrough: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Partial Lookthrough: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Depositary 
Receipt 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫]

--- Page 1029 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1001 
 
 
(D) 
Depositary Receipt Related 
Exchange(s): 
[[⚫]/All Exchanges] 
 
(E) 
Underlying Share Company: 
[⚫] 
 
(F) 
Underlying 
Share 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(G) 
Underlying Share Related 
Exchange(s): 
[[⚫]/All Exchanges]] 
 
[ETF Share(s): 
(specify for each ETF Share) 
 
(A) 
Fund: 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(C) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[[⚫]/All Exchanges]] 
 
[Mutual Fund Interest(s): 
(specify for each Fund Interest) 
 
(A) 
Mutual Fund: 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[Scheduled Interim Valuation Date/Scheduled 
Redemption Valuation Date]] 
 
(D) 
Same Day Publication: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify Applicable where the value published 
on the relevant Valuation Date is taken. Specify 
Not Applicable where the value for a Valuation 
Date is taken regardless of which day it is 
published) 
 
[FX Rate(s) where EMTA Provisions 
are Not Applicable: 
(specify for each FX Rate and each Exchange 
Rate comprising such FX Rate) 
 
(A) 
FX Rate: 
"cross-rate/formula": 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
[The FX Rate is [the inverse of] [[⚫]] / [the 
product of [⚫] and [[⚫]] / [the quotient of [[⚫]] 
(as numerator) and [[⚫]] (as denominator)]]] 
(delete or combine as applicable) 
 
(B) 
Exchange Rate: 
 
 
- 
Base Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
- 
Quote Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
- 
Event 
Currency 
/Currencies: 
[Specify if different to the FX Rate Conditions] 
(N.B.: 
only 
required 
if 
"General 
Inconvertibility", 
"General 
Non-
Transferability", 
"Material 
Change 
in 
Circumstances", "Nationalisation", "Specific 
Inconvertibility" 
or 
"Specific 
Non-
Transferability" are specified as Currency 
Disruption Events below)

--- Page 1030 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1002 
 
 
- 
Specified 
Financial 
Centres: 
[⚫] 
 
- 
Valuation Time: 
[⚫] 
 
(C) 
Dual Currency Securities: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable. 
The 
Dual 
Currency Exchange Rate is [specify FX Rate] 
[and for which purpose the Specified Valuation 
Date shall be (specify days) prior to (but 
excluding) each day on which payment is 
scheduled to be made under the Securities]] 
(specify for Dual Currency Securities where 
there would otherwise be no Specified 
Valuation Date) 
 
(D) 
FX Performance: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable. The FX Perf 
Rate is [specify FX Rate.] 
 
[FX Rate(s) where EMTA Provisions 
are Applicable: 
(specify for each FX Rate and each Exchange 
Rate) 
 
(A) 
FX Rate Source: 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Valuation Time: 
(specify in respect of the Primary Rate and any 
fallback rates) 
 
 
[⚫] in respect of the Primary Rate 
 
 
[[⚫] in respect of the First Fallback Reference 
Price] 
 
 
[[ ⚫] in respect of the Second Fallback 
Reference Price] 
 
(C) 
Reference Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
(D) 
Settlement Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
(E) 
Reference 
Currency 
Business Centre(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(F) 
Settlement 
Currency 
Business Centre(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(G) 
Number 
of 
Settlement 
Business Days: 
[⚫] 
 
(H) 
Maximum 
Days 
of 
Postponement: 
[⚫] consecutive calendar days 
 
(I) 
Dual Currency Securities: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable. 
The 
Dual 
Currency Exchange Rate is [specify FX Rate] 
[and for which purpose the Specified Valuation 
Date shall be [(specify days)] prior to (but 
excluding) each day on which payment is 
scheduled to be made under the Securities]] 
(specify for Dual Currency Securities where 
there would otherwise be no Specified 
Valuation Date) 
 
(J) 
FX Performance: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable. The FX Perf 
Rate is [specify FX Rate.]

--- Page 1031 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1003 
 
 
[Proprietary Index/Indices: 
(Specify for each Proprietary Index) 
 
(A) 
[Index Sponsor 
For the purposes hereof, the Index Sponsor on 
respect of the Proprietary Index is the Index 
Administrator (as defined in the Index 
Conditions) 
 
(B) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[Specify if different to the Proprietary Index 
Conditions/A Scheduled Trading Day shall be 
an "Index Business Day" as defined in the 
Index Conditions]] 
 
[Dividend Futures Contract(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Exchange(s): 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Relevant Price: 
["daily settlement price"/"final settlement 
price"][see specified item [⚫]] 
 
[Rate(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Valuation Time: 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[A Business Day][A day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in [⚫] (specify each)] [A 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day] 
 
[Preference Share(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Preference Share Company: 
[Citigroup 
Global 
Markets 
Funding 
Luxembourg S.C.A./[⚫]] 
 
(B) 
Initial 
Preference 
Share 
Reference Date: 
[⚫], subject as provided in the Preference Share 
Conditions 
 
(C) 
Valuation Time: 
[[ ⚫]/As specified in Preference Share 
Condition 2] 
 
(D) 
Preference Share Valuation 
Date: 
[⚫], subject as provided in the Valuation and 
Settlement Conditions 
 
(E) 
Autocall 
Observation 
Date(s): 
[[⚫][,[⚫] and [⚫]] subject as provided in the 
Preference Share Conditions/Not Applicable]]] 
 
(iii) 
Elections in respect of each type of 
Underlying: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
(If applicable, delete the sub-paragraphs which 
are not applicable.) 
 
(the following information may be 
tabulated) 
(NB: for the purposes of the Additional 
Adjustment Events and Additional Early 
Redemption Events in respect of each type of 
underlying, either the Additional Adjustment 
Events or the Additional Early Redemption 
Events (with the option to specify the Early 
Redemption Amount) must be applicable. 
Alternatively, both the relevant Additional 
Adjustment Events and the Additional Early

--- Page 1032 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1004 
 
Redemption Events may be applicable. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the Additional Adjustment 
Events should not be disapplied at the same 
time as the Additional Early Redemption 
Events) 
 
[Security Index/Indices: 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event(s): 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
 
(B) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Security 
Index 
Condition 
4: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Security Index Condition 4 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Monetisation with Holder 
Put Option]]/[Best of Amount]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(C) 
Security Index Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Security 
Index 
Condition 
6(b)(i): 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Security Index Condition 6(b)(i) is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Monetisation with Holder 
Put Option]]/[Best of Amount]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)]

--- Page 1033 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1005 
 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(D) 
Additional 
Early 
Redemption Event(s): 
[Security 
Index 
Condition 
5: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Security Index Condition 5 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[ Monetisation with Holder 
Put Option][Best of Amount]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(E) 
Security Index Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Inflation Index/Indices: 
 
 
(A) 
Reference Month(s): 
[In respect of a Valuation Date [⚫]] 
 
(B) 
Manifest Error Cut-off Date: 
[2 Business Days prior to the [relevant] 
Payment Date/[⚫]] 
 
 
(N.B.: If no Manifest Error Cut-off Date is 
specified, the cut-off date will be 2 Business 
Days prior to any relevant Payment Date) 
 
(C) 
Revision Cut-off Date: 
[2 Business Days prior to the [relevant] 
Payment Date/[⚫]] 
 
 
(N.B.: If no Revision Cut-off Date is specified, 
the cut-off date will be 2 Business Days prior 
to any relevant Payment Date) 
 
(D) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Inflation 
Index 
Condition 
4: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable]

--- Page 1034 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1006 
 
 
 
[If Inflation Index Condition 4 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(E) 
Additional 
Early 
Redemption Event(s): 
[Inflation 
Index 
Condition 
5: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Inflation Index Condition 5 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(F) 
Inflation Index Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Commodity Index/Indices: 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event: 
[Commodity Index Condition 4(a): Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Commodity Index Condition 4(a) is 
Applicable:

--- Page 1035 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1007 
 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Commodity Index Condition 4(b): Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Commodity Index Condition 4(b) is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
Tax Disruption: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Commodity 
Index 
Adjustment Event(s): 
[Commodity Index Condition 6(b)(i): Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Commodity Index Condition 6(b)(i) is 
Applicable:

--- Page 1036 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1008 
 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(C) 
Commodity 
Component 
Valuation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Additional 
Early 
Redemption Event(s): 
[Commodity 
Index 
Condition 
5: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Commodity Index Condition 5 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(E) 
Commodity 
Index 
Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If 
Commodity 
Index 
Substitution 
is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Commodity Index Substitution Criteria: [[ ⚫
]/As determined by Calculation Agent]]] 
 
[Commodity/Commodities:

--- Page 1037 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1009 
 
 
(A) 
Commodity Dealers 
[The definition set out in Commodity 
Condition 1 (Definitions) shall apply/[⚫]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B.: If no Commodity Dealers are specified, 
the Commodity Dealers shall be four leading 
dealers in the relevant market selected by the 
Calculation Agent) 
 
 
(If Fallback Commodity Dealers is not 
applicable to the Securities, specify Not 
Applicable or this section can be deleted) 
 
(B) 
Disruption Event(s): 
[Commodity Condition 3(a) (Disrupted Day) 
applies] 
 
 
[Disappearance of Commodity Price] 
 
 
[Material Change in Content] 
 
 
[Material Change in Formula] 
 
 
[Price Source Disruption] 
 
 
[Tax Disruption] 
 
 
[Trading Disruption (specify any additional 
futures/options contracts)] 
 
(C) 
Disruption Fallback(s): 
[Commodity 
Condition 
3(b) 
(Disruption 
Fallback) applies.] [The following Disruption 
Fallbacks apply, in the following order: 
 
 
[Fallback 
Commodity 
Price 
(specify 
alternative Commodity Price)]  
 
 
[Fallback Commodity Dealers] 
 
 
[Delayed Publication and Announcement] 
 
 
[Postponement] 
 
 
[Calculation Agent Determination] 
 
 
[Cancellation]] 
 
(D) 
Additional 
Early 
Redemption Events: 
[Abandonment 
of 
Scheme 
(N.B. 
only 
applicable where the Underlying is an 
emission)] 
 
 
[Commodity 
Condition 
5: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Commodity Condition 5 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)]

--- Page 1038 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1010 
 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Share(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event(s): 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow]  
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
 
(B) 
Share Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Substitution is Applicable: 
 
 
Share 
Substitution 
Criteria: 
[Reference 
Index/As determined by Calculation Agent]] 
 
(C) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Share Condition 4 – Corporate Action: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Condition 4 – Corporate Action is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Share 
Condition 
4 
– 
Delisting: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Condition 4 - Delisting is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value

--- Page 1039 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1011 
 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Share Condition 4 – Insolvency: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Condition 4 - Insolvency is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Share Condition 4 – Merger Event: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Condition 4 – Merger Event is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)]

--- Page 1040 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1012 
 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Share Condition 4 – Nationalisation: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Condition 4 - Nationalisation is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Share Condition 4 – Tender Offer: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Share Condition 4 – Tender Offer is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1041 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1013 
 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
[Share Condition 4 – De-stapling Event: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
[If Share Condition 4 – De-stapling Event is 
Applicable: 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any)]/[Minimum Return Amount plus 
Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) at 
maturity with option for Fair Market Value at 
early redemption]/[Other] (specify an amount 
only)] 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)]] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
[Share Condition 4 – Component Share 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
[If Share Condition 4 – Component Share 
Additional Adjustment Event is Applicable: 
Component Share Additional Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Corporate Action]  
[Insolvency]  
[Merger Event]  
[Nationalisation]  
[Tender Offer] 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any)]/[Minimum Return Amount plus 
Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) at

--- Page 1042 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1014 
 
maturity with option for Fair Market Value at 
early redemption]/[Other] (specify an amount 
only)] 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)]] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
(repeat as necessary for each Component 
Share Additional Adjustment Event(s)) 
 
[Depositary Receipt(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event(s): 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
 
(B) 
Depositary 
Receipt 
Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If 
Depositary 
Receipt 
Substitution 
is 
applicable: 
 
 
Depositary 
Receipt 
Substitution 
Criteria: 
Depositary Receipt: [Same Underlying Share 
and Currency/As determined by Calculation 
Agent]. 
 
 
Underlying 
Share: 
[Reference 
Index/As 
determined by Calculation Agent].] 
 
(C) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Corporate 
Action: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Corporate 
Action is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1043 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1015 
 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Delisting: 
Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Condition 4 - Delisting 
is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Insolvency: 
Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Condition 4 - Insolvency 
is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)]

--- Page 1044 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1016 
 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Merger 
Event: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Merger 
Event is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Depositary 
Receipt 
Condition 
4 
– 
Nationalisation: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If 
Depositary 
Receipt 
Condition 
4 
- 
Nationalisation is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]]

--- Page 1045 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1017 
 
 
 
[Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Tender 
Offer: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Tender 
Offer is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Depositary Receipt Condition 4 – Underlying 
Share Event: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If 
Depositary 
Receipt 
Condition 
4 
– 
Underlying Share Event is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[ETF Share(s):

--- Page 1046 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1018 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event(s): 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
 
(B) 
ETF Share Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If ETF Share Substitution is Applicable: 
 
 
ETF Share Substitution Criteria: [Related 
Index. [To specify unless limb (b) of "Related 
Index" is being relied on: For which purpose, 
the Related Index is [⚫]] (specify for each ETF 
Share where there is a basket of ETF 
Shares)/As determined by Calculation Agent]] 
 
(C) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – 
Corporate Action: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 
– Corporate Action is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – 
Delisting: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 - 
Delisting is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value

--- Page 1047 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1019 
 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – 
Insolvency: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 - 
Insolvency is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – 
Merger Event: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 
– Merger Event is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)]

--- Page 1048 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1020 
 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – 
Tender Offer: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 
– Tender Offer is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – 
Nationalisation: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 - 
Nationalisation is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1049 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1021 
 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – 
Fund 
Modification: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 
– Fund Modification is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – 
Strategy Breach: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 
– Strategy Breach is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)]

--- Page 1050 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1022 
 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – 
Regulatory 
Action: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – 
Regulatory Action Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 – 
Cross 
Contamination: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) Condition 4 
– Cross Contamination is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)]

--- Page 1051 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1023 
 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Mutual Fund Interest(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Disruption 
Event(s): 
[Fees or Charges Event]  
[Fund Adviser Event [- for which purpose the 
AUM Threshold is [⚫] (specify AUM 
Threshold if different to the Conditions)] 
[Holding Ratio Change] 
[Limitation Event] 
[NAV Trigger Event (specify NAV Trigger 
Percentage, if applicable)] 
[New Information Event] 
[Non Currency Redemption] 
[Related Agreement Termination [- for which 
purpose [⚫] shall be a relevant party] (specify 
other relevant party (if any))] 
[Asset Trigger Event] 
[Delisting] 
 
(B) 
Mutual 
Fund 
Interest 
Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Interest Substitution is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Mutual Fund Interest Substitution Criteria: 
[Equivalent Mutual Fund Interest. For which 
purpose, the Equivalent Mutual Fund Interest 
Criteria is: 
 
 
 
[Liquidity] 
 
[Similar Strategy] 
 
[Same Currency] 
[As determined by Calculation Agent]] 
 
(C) 
Monetisation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Corporate Action: 
Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Corporate 
Action is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1052 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1024 
 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Insolvency: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 - Insolvency is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Merger Event: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Merger Event is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)]

--- Page 1053 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1025 
 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Nationalisation: 
Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 - Nationalisation 
is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual 
Fund 
Condition 
4 
– 
Advisor 
Resignation: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Advisor 
Resignation is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]]

--- Page 1054 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1026 
 
 
 
[Mutual 
Fund 
Condition 
4 
– 
Fund 
Modification: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Fund 
Modification is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Strategy Breach: 
Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Strategy Breach 
is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Regulatory 
Action: Not Applicable/Applicable]

--- Page 1055 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1027 
 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Regulatory 
Action is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Reporting 
Disruption: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Reporting 
Disruption is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual 
Fund 
Condition 
4 
– 
Cross 
Contamination: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Cross 
Contamination is Applicable:

--- Page 1056 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1028 
 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Failure by a Fund 
Service Provider: Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 4 – Failure by a 
Fund Service Provider is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(E) 
Additional 
Early 
Redemption Event(s): 
[Mutual 
Fund 
Condition 
5: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Mutual Fund Condition 5 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any)

--- Page 1057 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1029 
 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[FX Rate(s) where EMTA Provisions 
are Not Applicable: 
 
 
(A) 
Currency 
Disruption 
Event(s): 
[Dual Exchange Rate] 
[General Inconvertibility] 
[General Non-Transferability] 
[Governmental Authority Default] 
[Illiquidity] 
[Material Change in Circumstances] 
[Nationalisation] 
[Price Materiality – for which purpose: 
 
Primary Rate: 
 
    [⚫] 
 
Secondary Rate:  
    [⚫] 
 
Price Materiality Percentage:[⚫]] 
[Specific Inconvertibility] 
[Specific Non-Transferability] 
 
(B) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[FX 
Rate 
Part 
A 
Condition 
4: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If FX Rate Part A Condition 4 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]]

--- Page 1058 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1030 
 
 
[FX Rate(s) where EMTA Provisions 
are Applicable: 
 
 
(A) 
Disruption Events: 
[Price Source Disruption] 
 
 
[Price Materiality. For which purpose: 
 
 
(i) 
Price Materiality Percentage is [[⚫]] 
per cent. 
 
 
(ii) 
Primary Rate is [the FX Rate/[⚫]] 
 
 
(iii) 
Secondary Rate is [the First Fallback 
Reference Rate [and the Second 
Fallback Reference Rate]/ [⚫]]] 
 
(B) 
Disruption Fallbacks: 
The following Disruption Fallbacks apply in 
the following order: 
 
 
[First Fallback Reference Price. For the 
purposes of the related First Fallback 
Reference Rate: 
 
 
(i) 
First Fallback Reference Rate: [⚫] 
 
 
(ii) 
First Fallback Rate Source: [⚫] 
 
 
(iii) 
First Fallback Valuation Time: [⚫] 
 
 
(iv) 
First Fallback Electronic Page: [⚫]] 
 
 
[Valuation Postponement] 
 
 
[Second Fallback Reference Price. For the 
purposes of the related Second Fallback 
Reference Rate: 
 
 
(i) 
Second Fallback Reference Rate: [⚫] 
 
 
(ii) 
Second Fallback Rate Source: [⚫] 
 
 
(iii) 
Second Fallback Valuation Time: [⚫] 
 
 
(iv) 
Second Fallback Electronic Page: [⚫]] 
 
 
[Calculation Agent Determination] 
 
 
(specify relevant fallbacks for each FX Rate 
and the order in which they apply) 
 
(C) 
Correction Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify for each 
FX Rate where different) 
 
(D) 
Settlement Disruption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[FX 
Rate 
Part 
B 
Condition 
4: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If FX Rate Part B Condition 4 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]

--- Page 1059 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1031 
 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Warrants: 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Early 
Redemption Event(s): 
[Warrant 
Condition 
5: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Warrant Condition 5 is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Proprietary Index/Indices: 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Proprietary 
Index 
Condition 
4(a): 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Proprietary Index Condition 4(a) is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable]

--- Page 1060 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1032 
 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
Tax Disruption: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Component Valuation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(C) 
[Component Valuation Roll: 
[⚫]/[Eight] 
 
(D) 
[Component 
Disrupted 
Day:] 
[A Component Disrupted Day in respect of a 
Component shall be a "Disrupted Day" as 
defined for such Component in the Index 
Conditions] 
 
(E) 
[Component 
Scheduled 
Trading Day:] 
[A Component Scheduled Trading Day in 
respect of a Component shall be a "Scheduled 
Trading Day" as defined for such Component 
in the Index Conditions] 
 
(F) 
Additional 
Early 
Redemption Event(s): 
[Proprietary 
Index 
Condition 
5: 
Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If 
Proprietary 
Index 
Condition 
5 
is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1061 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1033 
 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(G) 
Proprietary 
Index 
Substitution: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
(H) 
Proprietary 
Index 
Adjustment Event(s): 
[Proprietary Index Condition 6(b)(A): Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Proprietary Index Condition 6(b)(A) is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Dividend Futures Contract(s): 
 
 
(A) 
Additional 
Adjustment 
Event(s): 
[Dividend Futures Contract Condition 4: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Dividend Futures Contract Condition is 4 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)]

--- Page 1062 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1034 
 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(B) 
Dividend Futures Contract 
Adjustment Event(s): 
[Dividend Futures Contract Condition 6(b)(A): 
Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Dividend Futures Contract Condition 
6(b)(A) is Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(C) 
Additional Early Redemption 
Event(s): 
[Dividend Futures Contract Condition 5: Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Dividend Futures Contract Condition 5 is 
Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)]

--- Page 1063 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1035 
 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(D) 
Dividend Futures Contract 
Substitution: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[Rate(s): 
 
 
(A) 
ISDA 
Fallback 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Floating Rate Option: 
[[⚫]/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Designated Maturity: 
[[⚫]/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Correction Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(iv) 
Trade Date: 
[⚫] 
 
(v) 
Realisation Disruption: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Underlying RMB Currency Event: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]]

--- Page 1064 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1036 
 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]]] 
 
Other provisions relating to an RMB Currency Event 
 
 
– 
[RMB Relevant  Currency: 
[⚫] 
 
– 
RMB Relevant Currency 
Valuation Time: 
[⚫] 
 
– 
RMB Relevant Spot Rate 
Screen Page: 
[⚫] 
 
– 
RMB Settlement Centre: 
[⚫] (Specify)/ [Hong Kong]] 
 
(vi) 
Hedging 
Disruption 
Early 
Termination Event: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[Other]] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(vii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount

--- Page 1065 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1037 
 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[As set out in Preference 
Share Condition 6(d)]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(viii) 
Section 871(m) Event: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
[Section 871(m) Event (Hedging Positions): 
Not Applicable] 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Monetisation with Holder 
Put Option]/[Best of Amount]/[As set out in 
Preference Share Condition 6(d)]/[Other] 
(specify an amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(ix) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest

--- Page 1066 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1038 
 
(if any) at maturity]/[Monetisation with Holder 
Put Option]/[Best of Amount] /[As set out in 
Preference Share Condition 6(d)]/[Other] 
(specify an amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(x) 
Change in Law: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Illegality: [Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Material 
Increased 
Cost: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption] /[As set out in Preference 
Share Condition 6(d)]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(xi) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable:

--- Page 1067 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1039 
 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Minimum Return Amount 
plus Option Value plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity with option for Fair Market Value 
at early redemption]/[As set out in Preference 
Share Condition 6(d)]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(xii) 
Illegality: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity]/[Monetisation with Holder 
Put Option]/[Best of Amount] /[As set out in 
Preference Share Condition 6(d)]/[Other] 
(specify an amount only)] (specify Early 
Redemption Amount here only if "Continuance 
of Securities Provision" is "Not Applicable"; 
otherwise specify the Early Redemption 
Amount under "Continuance of Securities 
Provision" below) 
 
 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(xiii) 
Continuance of Securities Provision: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable:

--- Page 1068 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1040 
 
 
 
Illegality Event (Impossible Performance): 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: Fair Market Value 
 
 
Deduction of Hedge Costs: Not Applicable 
 
 
Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: Not Applicable 
 
 
Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: Not 
Applicable 
 
 
Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: Not Applicable 
 
 
Illegality 
Event 
(Possible 
Performance): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If Applicable: 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount: [Monetisation with 
Holder Put Option]/[Best of Amount] 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value 
(itself or as part of a broader calculation) is 
applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: Not Applicable]] 
 
(xiv) 
Event of Default: 
Early Redemption Amount: [Fair Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity] /[As set out in Preference 
Share Condition 6(d)]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
 
 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding Costs: [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part 
of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
 
 
[Additional Costs on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
(xv) 
Minimum Return Amount: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] [The definition in General 
Condition 6(d)(iv) (Redemption and Purchase 
- Early Redemption Amount ) applies] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO ANY INTEREST AMOUNT, THE REDEMPTION AMOUNT 
AND ANY ENTITLEMENT DELIVERABLE 
(In the case of Certificates, Notes that are titled "Certificates" and Italian Listed Certificates, each 
reference below to "interest", "Interest Payment Date", "Interest Period", "Interest Rate" and "Interest 
Underlying" (and related expressions) shall be changed to (in the case of Certificates) "coupon 
amount", "Coupon Payment Date", "Coupon Period", "Coupon Rate" and "Coupon Underlying" or (in

--- Page 1069 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1041 
 
the case of Notes that are titled "Certificates" and Italian Listed Certificates) to "premium", "Premium 
Payment Date", "Premium Period", "Premium Rate" and "Premium Underlying".) 
13. 
Interest Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable – the Securities do 
not bear or pay interest] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
[(if 
applicable 
in 
respect 
of 
different 
Underlyings, Interest Valuation Dates, Interest 
Payment Dates, Interest Barrier Event or 
Interest Lock-in Event, repeat item and insert: 
In respect of (insert Underlying, Interest 
Valuation Date, Interest Payment Date, Interest 
Barrier Event or Interest Lock-in Event as 
applicable):] 
 
(i) 
Interest 
Strike 
Level, 
Specified 
Valuation 
Date(s): 
Interest 
Amount/Rate, IPR, Interest Payment 
Date(s), Specified Interest Valuation 
Date(s), Lower Interest Barrier Level, 
Upper Interest Barrier Level, Interest 
Barrier Level, Specified Interest 
Barrier Observation Date, See Table 
below 
[See Table below] [specify any relevant 
provisions] [See item 13(iii) below] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Non-Contingent Interest Provisions 
where Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 1.4 applies 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Non-Contingent 
Interest 
Amount: 
[⚫] per Security 
 
(B) 
Non-Contingent 
Interest 
Amount Payment Dates: 
[⚫] [subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the [Modified Following/Preceding/Following] 
Business Day Convention] 
 
(iii) 
Underlying Linked Interest Provisions 
where Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 1.5 applies: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Interest 
Amount/Interest 
Rate 
[See the Schedule attached hereto/[specify] per 
Security] 
 
(B) 
Interest Period(s): 
[⚫] [As defined in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.6] 
 
(C) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[⚫] [See Table below] 
 
(D) 
Interest Period End Date(s): 
[Interest Payment Date(s)/[ ⚫] [in each year] 
[adjusted in accordance with [specify Business 
Day Convention]/not adjusted]] 
 
(E) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual (ISDA)]

--- Page 1070 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1042 
 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[30/360] / [360/360] / [Bond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360] / [Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
[RBA Bond Basis] [Australian Bond Basis] 
 
 
[1/1] 
 
(F) 
Specified Valuation Date(s): 
[Specify in respect of an Interest Payment Date] 
[[Each] such Valuation Date shall be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with [the provisions 
of 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 
2/specify]] [[In respect of an Underlying, 
each/Each] Scheduled Trading Day for [the/all 
the/such] 
Underlying[s] 
during 
[specify 
period].] [The provisions of Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2 shall not apply in 
respect of [each] such Specified Valuation 
Date] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Strike Dates 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event 
has occurred][the Performance-Linked Interest 
Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred]:] 
(repeat 
and 
complete 
this 
subparagraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Specified Interest Strike Date: 
[In 
respect 
of 
[insert 
relevant 
Interest 
Underlying(s)]:][Not Applicable][⚫] [and [⚫]][[
⚫] Scheduled Trading Days prior to [⚫]] each 
Scheduled Trading Day for the relevant Interest 
Underlying which is not a Disrupted Day for 
that Interest Underlying from [(and including)] 
[(but excluding)] [⚫] to [(but excluding)] [(and 
including)] [⚫]] (where a different Specified 
Interest Strike Date applies for any Interest 
Underlying, 
specify 
for 
each 
Interest 
Underlying) 
 
(v) 
Underlying(s) relevant to interest, 
Interim Performance Provisions and 
provisions relating to levels of the 
Interest Underlying(s) and Interest 
Barrier Events 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
[(if 
applicable 
in 
respect 
of 
different 
Underlyings, Interest Valuation Dates, Interest 
Payment Dates, Interest Barrier Event, Interest 
Amounts or Interest Lock-in Event, repeat item 
and insert: In respect of [insert Underlying, 
Interest Valuation Date, Interest Payment Date,

--- Page 1071 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1043 
 
Interest Barrier Event, Interest Amount or 
Interest Lock-in Event as applicable]:] 
 
Underlying(s) relevant to interest: 
 
 
(A) 
Interest Underlying: 
[[ ⚫]][The Underlyings specified in item 12 
above] [and [each] such Interest Underlying 
shall be an Interim Outperformance [A/B] 
Underlying 
(specify 
for 
each 
Interest 
Underlying where Outperformance Provisions 
apply in respect of the Interim Performance 
Provisions)] 
 
(B) 
Interest Barrier Underlying(s): 
[The Interest Underlying/All of the Interest 
Underlyings/Any 
Interest 
Underlying/The 
Interim Performance Underlying/Each Interest 
Underlying (subject to a minimum of [ ⚫] 
Interest Underlyings)/Not Applicable] 
 
Interim Performance Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(A) 
Single 
Underlying 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event 
has occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked 
Interest Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred]:] (repeat and complete this 
subparagraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1072 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1044 
 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
 
IX. Interim 
Performance 
Adjustment Percentage: 
[Applicable – [+/-][⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Weighted Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable][for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event 
has occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked 
Interest Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred]:] (repeat and complete this 
subparagraph as necessary in respect of each 
Interest Barrier Event and Performance-Linked 
Interest Amount (denoted with a suffix, as 
applicable)) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Rainbow Weighting: 
[Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined 
as set out below: 
 
 
Interest Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[Interest Underlying with highest 
(or 
equal 
highest) 
Interim 
Performance for that Interest 
Payment Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[Interest Underlying with [ ⚫] 
highest 
(or 
[
⚫
] 
equal 
[highest/lowest]) 
Interim 
Performance for that Interest 
Payment Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
(complete 
for 
each 
relevant 
Interest Underlying) 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[Interest Underlying with lowest 
(or 
equal 
lowest) 
Interim 
Performance for that Interest 
Payment Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
/Not Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be 
determined as set out below: 
 
 
Interest Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
(complete for each relevant Interest 
Underlying) 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]%] 
 
II. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1073 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1045 
 
 
IV. Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Interim 
Performance 
Adjustment Percentage: 
[Applicable – [+/-][⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Best of Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event 
has occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked 
Interest Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred] [where Nth means (specify)]: 
[(i.e., the highest)]] (repeat and complete this 
subparagraph as necessary in respect of each 
Interest Barrier Event and Performance-Linked 
Interest Amount (denoted with a suffix, as 
applicable)) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1074 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1046 
 
 
VI. Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. Interim 
Performance 
Adjustment Percentage: 
[Applicable – [+/-][⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Himalaya 
Interim 
Performance - European 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]. 
 
(D) 
Worst of Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event 
has occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked 
Interest Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred] [where Nth means (specify)]: 
[(i.e., the lowest)] (repeat and complete this 
subparagraph as necessary in respect of each 
Interest Barrier Event and Performance-Linked 
Interest Amount (denoted with a suffix, as 
applicable)) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1075 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1047 
 
 
VIII. Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. Interim 
Performance 
Adjustment Percentage: 
[Applicable – [+/-][⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Himalaya 
Interim 
Performance - European 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]. 
 
(E) 
Outperformance Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event 
has occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked 
Interest Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred]:] (repeat and complete this 
subparagraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Interim Performance Provisions for 
Interim 
Outperformance 
A 
Underlying: 
 
 
I. 
Single Underlying Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf A: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Weighted Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Rainbow Weighting: 
[Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined 
as set out below:

--- Page 1076 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1048 
 
 
 
Interim Outperformance A 
Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[Interim 
Outperformance 
A 
Underlying with highest (or equal 
highest) Interim Performance for that 
Interest Payment Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[Interim 
Outperformance 
A 
Underlying with [⚫] highest (or [⚫] 
equal 
[highest/lowest]) 
Interim 
Performance for that Interest Payment 
Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
(complete for each relevant Interim 
Outperformance A Underlying) 
 
 
 
[Interim 
Outperformance 
A 
Underlying with lowest (or equal 
lowest) Interim Performance for that 
Interest Payment Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
/Not Applicable. Therefore Wn shall 
be determined as set out below: 
 
 
 
Interim Outperformance B 
Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
(complete for each relevant Interim 
Outperformance B Underlying) 
 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]%] 
 
Maximum Outperf A: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Best of Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1077 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1049 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf A: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. Worst of Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf A: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Interim Performance Provisions for 
Interim 
Outperformance 
B 
Underlying: 
 
 
I. 
Single Underlying Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf B: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1078 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1050 
 
 
Minimum Outperf B: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Weighted Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Rainbow Weighting: 
[Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined 
as set out below: 
 
 
Interim Outperformance B 
Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[Interim 
Outperformance 
B 
Underlying with highest (or equal 
highest) Interim Performance for that 
Interest Payment Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[Interim 
Outperformance 
B 
Underlying with [⚫] highest (or [⚫] 
equal 
[highest/lowest]) 
Interim 
Performance for that Interest Payment 
Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
(complete for each relevant Interim 
Outperformance B Underlying) 
 
 
 
[Interim 
Outperformance 
B 
Underlying with lowest (or equal 
lowest) Interim Performance for that 
Interest Payment Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
/Not Applicable. Therefore Wn shall 
be determined as set out below: 
 
 
 
Interim Outperformance B 
Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
(complete for each relevant Interim 
Outperformance B Underlying)

--- Page 1079 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1051 
 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]%] 
 
Maximum Outperf B: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Best of Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf B: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. Worst of Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf B: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1080 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1052 
 
 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B (Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(F) 
Arithmetic Mean Underlying 
Return: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event 
has occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked 
Interest Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred]:] (repeat and complete this 
subparagraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. Interim 
Performance 
Adjustment Percentage: 
[Applicable - [+/-][⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1081 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1053 
 
 
X. 
Underlying 
Return 
Provisions: 
 
 
Maximum 
Underlying 
Return: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Underlying 
Return: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Single Cap - Single 
Valuation Date: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If applicable: 
 
 
Single Cap: [⚫]] 
 
Single Floor - Single 
Valuation Date: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable: 
 
 
Single Floor: [⚫]] 
 
Single Cap – Multiple 
Valuation Date: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable: 
 
 
Single Cap: [⚫]] 
 
Single Floor – Multiple 
Valuation Date: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable: 
 
 
Single Floor: [⚫]] 
 
Single Target: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If applicable: 
 
 
[[equal to or less than] [equal to or greater than] 
[less than] [greater than] (select one) 
 
 
Single Target Interest threshold Percentage: [⚫
]% 
 
 
Single 
Target 
Underlying 
Performance 
Percentage: [⚫]%] 
 
 
[Single 
Target 
(Barrier): 
[Barrier 
Event 
Satisfaction Required] [and] [Barrier Event 
Satisfaction Not Required] 
 
 
[Single 
Target 
Underlying 
Performance 
(Barrier Event [Not] Satisfied) Percentage: [⚫]] 
(repeat if necessary) 
 
Oasis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[If applicable insert: 
 
 
Oasis – [Best Performing Only] [Multiple Best 
Performing]

--- Page 1082 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1054 
 
 
 
[Oasis 
Interest 
Underlying 
Performance 
Percentage: [⚫]%] 
 
 
[Insert and complete following table if Oasis - 
Multiple Best Performing applies: 
 
 
 
Best Oasis Performer 
Oasis Interest 
Underlying 
Performance 
Percentage 
 
 
1 
Best Oasis Performer 1 
[⚫]% 
 
 
2 
Best Oasis Performer 2 
[⚫]% 
 
 
 
(repeat, as necessary, 
for each Best Oasis 
Performer up to Best 
Oasis Performer X) 
 
 
 
[X.] 
Best Oasis Performer 
[X] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
 
 
(G) 
Cliquet: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event 
has occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked 
Interest Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred]:] (repeat and complete this sub 
paragraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Cliquet 
Underlying 
Return: 
[Sum of Underlying Return Cliquet] 
 
 
[Product of Underlying Return Cliquet] 
 
 
[Period Performance Less Cliquet Return – 
Sum] 
 
 
[Absolute Period Performance Less Cliquet 
Return – Sum] 
 
 
[Period Performance Less Cliquet Return – 
Product] 
 
 
[Absolute Period Performance Less Cliquet 
Return – Product] 
 
 
[Cliquet Return Less Period Performance – 
Sum] 
 
 
[Cliquet 
Return 
Less 
Absolute 
Period 
Performance – Sum] 
 
 
[Cliquet Return Less Period Performance – 
Product]

--- Page 1083 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1055 
 
 
 
[Cliquet 
Return 
Less 
Absolute 
Period 
Performance – Product] 
 
 
[Insert if Period Performance is applicable: 
 
 
[Period Performance [1/2/3] applies[, subject to 
a [Maximum Period Performance] [and] 
[Minimum Period Performance] [of [⚫]%] [and 
[⚫]%, respectively]. 
 
 
B is equal to [⚫].] 
 
 
A is equal to [⚫] per cent. 
 
II. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Interim 
Performance 
Adjustment Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
XI. Cliquet 
Interim 
Performance Floor: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable – [Cliquet Interim 
Performance Floor/Global Lock-in Floor]] 
 
 
[Insert the following if Cliquet Interim 
Performance Floor applies: 
 
 
Cliquet Interim Performance Sum Integer: 
[Highest (or equal highest) [positive] integer] 
[Lowest (or equal lowest) [positive] integer]  
 
 
[greater than] [greater than or equal to] [less 
than] [less than or equal to]

--- Page 1084 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1056 
 
 
 
Cliquet Interim Performance Sum Multiple: [⚫] 
[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Insert if Global Lock-in Floor applies: 
 
 
[greater than] [greater than or equal to] [less 
than] [less than or equal to] 
 
 
Global Lock-in Floor Trigger Level: [⚫] 
 
 
Global Lock-in Floor Percentage: [⚫]] 
 
XII. Cliquet 
Underlying 
Return Provisions: 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(delete 
remaining 
sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph if N/A) 
 
 
[Cliquet A] [Cliquet B] [Cliquet C] [Cliquet A 
Absolute] [Cliquet B Absolute] [Cliquet C 
Absolute] 
 
 
[Insert if applicable and Cliquet B or Cliquet B 
Absolute applies: 
 
 
[Cliquet B Highest applies. 
 
 
U means [⚫] 
 
 
Number of 
Specified 
Cliquet Interest 
Valuation 
Period: 
Relevant 
Specified 
Cliquet Interest 
Valuation Date: 
Relevant 
Cliquet B 
Highest Return 
Decimal: 
 
 
1 
[insert dates] 
[insert decimal] 
 
 
[repeat rows for 
each Specified 
Cliquet Interest 
Valuation Period 
if more than 1 
applies]] 
 
 
 
 
[Cliquet B Lowest applies. 
 
 
U means [⚫] 
 
 
Number of 
Specified 
Cliquet Interest 
Valuation 
Period: 
Relevant 
Specified 
Cliquet Interest 
Valuation Date: 
Relevant 
Cliquet B 
Highest Return 
Decimal: 
 
 
1 
[insert dates] 
[insert decimal] 
 
 
[repeat rows for 
each Specified 
Cliquet Interest 
Valuation Period 
if more than 1 
applies]] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[Insert if applicable and Cliquet C or Cliquet C 
Absolute applies: 
 
 
[greater than] [greater than or equal to] [less 
than] [less than or equal to]

--- Page 1085 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1057 
 
 
 
Cliquet C Interest Target: [⚫] 
 
 
Cliquet C Lock-in Decimal: [⚫]]. 
 
 
[Insert if applicable: 
 
 
[Cliquet Underlying Return Cap: [⚫] 
 
 
[Cliquet Underlying Return Floor: [⚫]]  
 
(H) 
Himalaya Interim Performance 
– Asian Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event 
has occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked 
Interest Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred]:] (repeat and complete this sub 
paragraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. Maximum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. Minimum 
Interim 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable - [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. Best of/Worst of: 
Best of Himalaya Basket Observation: 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Worst of Himalaya Basket Observation: 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Provisions relating to levels of the 
Interest Underlying(s)

--- Page 1086 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1058 
 
 
(A) 
Interest Initial Level: 
[Insert as appropriate - [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event 
has occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked 
Interest Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred][:]] [and] [[I/i]n respect of [insert 
relevant Interest Underlying]:] [Closing Level 
on Interest Strike Date/Closing Level on 
Interest Re-Strike Date IPD/ Closing Level on 
Interest 
Re-Strike 
Date 
IVD/Arithmetic 
Average Closing Level on Interest Strike 
Dates/Lowest Closing Level on Interest Strike 
Dates/Lowest Intra-day Level on Interest Strike 
Dates/Highest Closing Level on Interest Strike 
Dates/Highest Intra-day Level on Interest Strike 
Dates/(specify 
(in 
table 
format, 
where 
appropriate) for each Interest Underlying)]  
 
 
(if no pre-determined level is specified, then 
Interest Strike Dates will need to be specified) 
 
 
(repeat this sub paragraph if necessary in 
respect of each Interest Barrier Event and 
Performance-Linked Interest Amount (denoted 
with a suffix, as applicable)) 
 
(B) 
Interest Reference Level: 
[Insert as appropriate - [for the purpose of 
determining [whether an Interest Barrier Event 
has occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked 
Interest Amount [if an Interest Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred][:]] [and] [[I/i]n respect of [insert 
relevant Interest Underlying]:] [Closing Level 
on Interest Valuation Date/Arithmetic Average 
Closing 
Level 
on 
Interest 
Valuation 
Dates/Lowest 
Closing Level on Interest 
Valuation Dates/Lowest Intra-day Level on 
Interest Valuation Dates/Highest Closing Level 
on Interest Valuation Dates/Highest Intra-day 
Level on Interest Valuation Dates] (specify for 
each Interest Underlying) (repeat this sub 
paragraph as necessary in respect of each 
Interest Barrier Event and Performance-Linked 
Interest Amount (denoted with a suffix, as 
applicable)) 
 
Provisions relating to an Interest 
Barrier Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Interest Barrier Event: 
[Insert as appropriate – In respect of (insert 
Interest Payment Date/Interest Valuation Date 
and/or Interest Underlying, as appropriate):] 
[Interest Barrier Event European Observation/ 
Interest Barrier Event European Performance 
Observation/Interest Barrier Event American 
Performance Observation/Interest Barrier Event 
American Observation – Closing Level/Interest 
Barrier Event American Observation – Intra-
Day Level/Interest Barrier Event American 
One-Touch 
Observation 
– 
Closing

--- Page 1087 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1059 
 
Level/Interest Barrier Event American One-
Touch Observation – Intra-Day Level] 
 
 
["Sum of" applies.] (repeat sub paragraph as 
necessary in respect of each Interest Barrier 
Event and Performance-Linked Interest Amount 
(denoted with a suffix, as applicable)) 
 
(B) 
Interest Barrier Event Lock-In: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Provisions relating to the rate or 
amount of interest due 
[Fixed 
Rate 
Securities/Floating 
Rate 
Securities/CMS 
Rate 
Securities/Spread 
Securities/Inflation Rate Securities] [Twin 
Win/Reserve] [Interim Performance Interest 
Securities] 
[and 
Range 
Accrual 
Securities/Range 
Accrual 
(Expanded) 
Securities/Multi-Chance 
Securities/Lookback 
Securities]] [See item (iii) above] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(A) 
Fixed Rate Security Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[EITHER: 
 
 
I. 
Accrual: 
Not Applicable 
 
II. 
Lookback Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]/[Applicable only 
in respect of the Interest Amount[s] payable in 
respect of the following Interest Payment 
Date[s]: [⚫]] 
 
III. 
Multi-Chance Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
 
[OR: 
 
 
I. 
Accrual: 
Applicable 
 
II. 
[Range 
Accrual 
Securities: 
[Applicable. For which purpose: 
 
 
Range Accrual Determination Date 
means [Business Day/calendar day] 
 
 
Range Accrual Value What You Can 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
Range 
Accrual 
Move 
in 
Block 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
Cut-Off Number means [⚫] Business Days 
 
 
/Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Range 
Accrual 
(Expanded) Securities: 
[Applicable: see paragraph 13(vi)(E)]/[Not 
Applicable]]

--- Page 1088 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1060 
 
 
III. 
Interest 
Period 
End 
Date(s): 
[Interest Payment Date(s)/[ ⚫] in each year 
[adjusted in accordance with [specify Business 
Day Convention]/not adjusted]] 
 
IV. Interest Amount(s): 
[[ ⚫] per Security, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [⚫]][As set out in 
the Valuation and Settlement Schedule] 
 
V. 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[ ⚫] per Security, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [ ⚫]] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(Insert particulars of any initial or final broken 
interest amounts which do not correspond with 
the Interest Amount)] 
 
VI. Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [x Accrual Rate] (Accrual Rate applies 
where the Securities are Range Accrual 
Securities) 
 
 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] [x Accrual Rate] 
(Accrual Rate applies where the Securities are 
Range Accrual Securities) 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] [x Accrual Rate] (Accrual 
Rate applies where the Securities are Range 
Accrual Securities) 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] [x Accrual Rate] 
(Accrual Rate applies where the Securities are 
Range Accrual Securities) 
[Actual/360] [x Accrual Rate] (Accrual Rate 
applies where the Securities are Range 
Accrual Securities) 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] [x Accrual Rate] 
(Accrual Rate applies where the Securities are 
Range Accrual Securities) 
[1/1] [x Accrual Rate] (Accrual Rate applies 
where the Securities are Range Accrual 
Securities) 
 
VII. [Determination Dates: 
[⚫] in each year (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon. N.B. 
only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))] 
 
VIII. Other terms relating to 
the method of calculating 
interest for Fixed Rate 
Securities: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(B) 
Floating 
Rate 
Security 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Interest 
Period 
End 
Date(s): 
[Interest Payment Date(s)/[ ⚫] in each year 
[adjusted in accordance with [specify Business 
Day Convention]/not adjusted]]

--- Page 1089 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1061 
 
 
II. 
Manner in which the 
Interest Rate(s) is/are to 
be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/USD LIBOR 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination/SONIA 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination 
(Non-Index 
Determination)/SONIA 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination (Index Determination)/SOFR 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination/other 
(give 
details)]  
 
III. 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Interest 
Rate(s) and/or Interest 
Amount(s): 
[⚫] 
 
 
IV. Range 
Accrual 
(Expanded) Securities: 
[Applicable: see paragraph 13(vi)(E)]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
 
V. 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[⚫] month [(the Designated Maturity) (include 
where Linear Interpolation is applicable)] 
[insert 
currency] 
[EURIBOR/LIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR/ 
CIBOR/TIBOR/HIBOR][BBSW (being the 
Sydney average mid rate for AUD bills of 
exchange)][BKBM (being the Wellington rate 
for New Zealand Dollar bills of exchange)] 
[specify other] 
 
• 
Reference 
Rate 
Interbank Market: 
[⚫][Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Specified Time: 
[⚫][Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[⚫][Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[(Specify 
e.g. 
any 
relevant 
Valuation 
Date(s))/As set out in the Valuation and 
Settlement Schedule/[ ⚫] day on which 
commercial banks are open for business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in [⚫]] prior to the 
start of each Interest Period/First day of each 
Interest Period/[⚫] day on which the TARGET2 
System is open prior to the start of each Interest 
Period] 
 
• 
Page: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Reference Banks 
[⚫] 
 
VI. USD 
LIBOR 
Screen 
Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[⚫] month [(the Designated Maturity) (include 
where Linear Interpolation is applicable)] USD 
LIBOR

--- Page 1090 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1062 
 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Second day on which commercial banks are 
open for business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London prior to the start of each Interest 
Period]/[⚫] 
 
• 
Page 
[Reuters Screen LIBOR01]/[⚫] 
 
VII. ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[⚫][First day of the relevant Interest Period] 
 
VIII. SONIA Floating Rate 
Determination 
(Non-
Index Determination): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[SONIA] 
 
• 
Compounded Daily 
SONIA (Shift): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Compounded Daily 
SONIA (Lag): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Page: 
[⚫]/[SONIAOSR=] 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Fifth day on which commercial banks are open 
for business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London prior to the end of each Interest 
Period]/[⚫] 
 
IX. SONIA Floating Rate 
Determination 
(Index 
Determination): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[SONIA] 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[The day falling the Relevant Number of 
London Banking Days prior to the relevant 
Final Interest Period End Date]/[⚫] 
 
• 
Relevant Number: 
[⚫] 
 
X. 
SOFR 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[SOFR] 
 
• 
Observation 
Method: 
[Not Applicable/Lag/Shift] 
(Specify Lag or Shift for Compounded Daily 
SOFR, except where Index Determination is 
applicable)

--- Page 1091 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1063 
 
 
• 
Observation Look-
Back Period: 
[Not Applicable]/[ ⚫] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days 
(Specify for Compounded Daily SOFR, except 
where Index Determination is applicable. N.B. 
must be at least two such relevant days to allow 
clearing system payments) 
 
• 
Index 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR – Non-
Index Determination: Second U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR – Index 
Determination: The day falling the Relevant 
Number 
of 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business Day prior to the relevant Final Interest 
Period End Date and Relevant Number means 
[insert number being two or greater]] 
 
XI. Linear Interpolation:  
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Interest Rate 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period 
shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation 
(specify for each short or long interest period)] 
 
XII. Margin(s): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][ ⚫][ ⚫] per cent. per 
annum] 
 
XIII. Minimum Interest Rate: 
[See the Table below/Not Applicable] 
[See paragraph 13(vi)(E)/Not Applicable] 
(insert 
for 
Range 
Accrual 
(Expanded) 
Securities) 
 
XIV. Maximum Interest Rate: 
[See the Table below/Not Applicable] 
[See paragraph 13(vi)(E)/Not Applicable] 
(insert 
for 
Range 
Accrual 
(Expanded) 
Securities) 
 
XV. Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[30/360] / [360/360] / [Bond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360] / [Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
 
[RBA Bond Basis] [Australian Bond Basis] 
 
 
[1/1] 
 
XVI. Fallback 
provisions, 
rounding provisions and 
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 1092 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1064 
 
other terms relating to 
the method of calculating 
interest on Floating Rate 
Securities, if different 
from those set out in the 
Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule: 
 
(C) 
CMS Rate Security: 
[Applicable]/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) in relation 
to 
CMS 
Rate 
Securities: 
[[⚫] [in each [year] [month] from, and including, 
[ ⚫] to and including, [ ⚫]] [adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] 
[(See 
General 
Condition 8(h) (Business Day Convention))]] 
 
II. 
Interest Period End 
Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[⚫]] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [⚫] to and 
including, [ ⚫]] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] 
[(See 
General 
Condition 
8(h) 
(Business Day Convention))] 
[As set out in the Rate Table below] (specify 
each Interest Period End Date by inserting a 
Rate Table below) 
 
III. 
Party 
responsible 
for calculating the 
Interest 
Rate(s) 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s): 
[Calculation Agent]/[⚫] 
 
IV. 
Range 
Accrual 
(Expanded) 
Securities: 
[Applicable: see paragraph 13(vi)(E)]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
 
V. 
CMS 
Rate 
Securities: 
[Single CMS Interest Rate/Worse of CMS 
Interest Rates/CMS Spread Interest Rate] 
 
 
["CMS Reference 
Rate [1]"] (If CMS 
Interest 
Rate 
is 
"Worse of 
CMS 
Interest Rates" or 
"CMS 
Spread 
Interest 
Rate", 
insert 
heading 
"CMS 
Reference 
Rate 1") 
["CMS Reference Rate 
2"] (If CMS Interest Rate 
is 
"Worse 
of 
CMS 
Interest Rates" or "CMS 
Spread Interest Rate", 
insert this column) 
 
• 
Relevant Swap Rate: 
[EUR/GBP/USD/
Mid-Market] Swap 
Rate 
[[EUR/GBP/USD/Mid-
Market] Swap Rate 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[
⚫
] 
[month[s]/year[s]] 
[⚫] [month[s]/year[s]]

--- Page 1093 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1065 
 
 
• 
[Relevant 
Financial 
Centre:] 
(Insert 
if 
Relevant Swap Rate is 
Mid-Market 
Swap 
Rate) 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Reference Currency: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[[Daily/Periodic] 
Rate Determination 
is applicable: [⚫]] [
⚫] 
[[Daily/Periodic] 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable: [⚫]] [⚫] 
 
• 
Page: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Reference Banks: 
[⚫] [As specified in 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 
4.3(e) 
(CMS 
Reference 
Rate 
Fallback 
Provisions)] 
[ ⚫] [As specified in 
Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.3(e) (CMS 
Reference Rate Fallback 
Provisions)] 
 
• 
Minimum 
Reference 
Rate 
(for 
CMS 
Reference Rate): 
[
⚫
] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify for each 
Interest 
Payment 
Date/Interest 
Period if different 
by inserting a Rate 
Table below) 
[ ⚫] [Not Applicable] 
(Specify for each Interest 
Payment 
Date/Interest 
Period if different by 
inserting a Rate Table 
below) 
 
• 
Maximum 
Reference 
Rate 
(for 
CMS 
Reference Rate): 
[
⚫
] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify for each 
Interest 
Payment 
Date/Interest 
Period if different 
by inserting a Rate 
Table below) 
[ ⚫] [Not Applicable] 
(Specify for each Interest 
Payment 
Date/Interest 
Period if different by 
inserting a Rate Table 
below) 
 
VI. 
Linear Interpolation 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Interest Rate 
for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period 
shall be calculated using Linear Interpolation 
(specify for each short or long interest period)] 
 
VII. 
Margin 
[1] 
(for 
CMS 
Reference 
Rate [1]): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][⚫] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Margin [1] if more than one by 
inserting a Rate Table below) 
(If CMS Interest Rate is "Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate", insert 
the following sub-paragraph) 
 
[Margin 2 (for CMS 
Reference Rate 2):] 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][⚫] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Margin 2 if more than one by 
inserting a Rate Table below)

--- Page 1094 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1066 
 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Interest 
Rate 
(for 
CMS 
Interest Rate): 
[⚫] [See paragraph 13(vi)(E)] (insert for Range 
Accrual 
(Expanded) 
Securities) 
[Not 
Applicable] (Specify for each Interest Payment 
Date/Interest Period if different by inserting a 
Rate Table below) 
 
IX. 
Maximum Interest 
Rate 
(for 
CMS 
Interest Rate): 
[⚫] [See paragraph 13(vi)(E)] (insert for Range 
Accrual 
(Expanded) 
Securities) 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify for each Interest Payment Date/Interest 
Period if different by inserting a Rate Table 
below) 
 
X. 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] / [360/360] / [Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] / [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
XI. 
Determination 
Dates: 
[[⚫] in each year (insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or scheduled maturity 
date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day Count 
Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
XII. 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate 
[1] 
(for 
CMS 
Reference Rate [1]): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
(specify each Interest Participation Rate [1] if 
more than one by inserting a Rate Table below) 
(If CMS Interest Rate is "Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate", insert 
the following sub-paragraph) 
 
XIII. 
Interest 
Participation Rate 2 
(for CMS Reference 
Rate 2): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]  
(specify each Interest Participation Rate 2 if 
more than one by inserting a Rate Table below) 
(Insert table below if there is more than one Margin, Interest Participation Rate or Minimum/Maximum Interest Rate (as 
applicable) for different Interest Periods, as required) 
[Rate Table] 
[Interest Period End 
Date(s)] 
[Interest Payment 
Date(s)] 
[Specified Rate 1 / 
Specified Rate 2] 
[Margin] 
[Interest 
Participation Rate] 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Interest Rate] 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Reference Rate] 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Interest Amount]

--- Page 1095 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1067 
 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) / [⚫] in each 
year 
[adjusted 
in 
accordance 
with 
[specify Business Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted]] 
[⚫] / [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
[Not Applicable / [+/-][
⚫] per cent. per 
annum] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[⚫] / [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫] / [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
 
(Insert table below if "Worse of CMS Interest Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate" is applicable and there is more than one 
Margin 1, Margin 2, Interest Participation Rate 1, Interest Participation Rate 2 or Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate (as 
applicable) in respect of CMS Referent Rate 1 and CMS Reference Rate 2 for different Interest Periods, as required) 
[Rate Table] 
 
CMS Reference Rate 1 
CMS Reference Rate 2 
[Interest 
Period End 
Date(s)] 
[Margin 1] 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate 1] 
[Minimum/ 
Maximum 
Reference 
Rate] 
[Margin 2] 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate 2] 
[Minimum/ 
Maximum 
Reference 
Rate] 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) / [⚫] in 
each 
year 
[adjusted 
in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/no
t adjusted]] 
[Not 
Applicable 
/ 
[+/-][ ⚫] per 
cent. 
per 
annum] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[ ⚫] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[
⚫
]/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[Not 
Applicable 
/ 
[+/-][ ⚫] per 
cent. 
per 
annum] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[ ⚫] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[ ⚫] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
 
 
(D) 
Spread Securities: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Interest 
Period(s) 
in 
relation 
to 
Spread 
Securities: 
[Each Interest Period falling during the period 
from, and including, [⚫] to but excluding, [⚫]] [
⚫] 
 
II. 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s): 
[⚫] [in each [year] [month] from, and including, 
[ ⚫] to, and including, [ ⚫]] [adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] 
[(See 
General 
Condition 8(h) (Business Day Convention))] 
 
III. 
Interest 
Period 
End 
Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)/[⚫] [in each 
[year] [month] from, and including, [⚫] to, and 
including, [ ⚫]] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted] 
[(See 
General 
Condition 
8(h) 
(Business Day Convention))] 
[As set out in the Rate Table] (Interest Period 
End Date(s) may be set out in a "Rate Table" if 
required) 
 
IV. [Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] [(ICMA)] [(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360]

--- Page 1096 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1068 
 
[30E/360] [Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]  
[1/1] 
[Determination Dates: [⚫] in each year (insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or scheduled maturity date in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only 
relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA))] [Not Applicable]] 
(Insert if not specified elsewhere) 
 
V. 
Margin(s) 
(Spread 
Interest Rate): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-] [⚫] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Margin (Spread Interest Rate) if 
more than one by inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
VI. Interest 
Participation 
Rate(s) (Spread Interest 
Rate): 
[ ⚫]/[Not Applicable] (specify each Interest 
Participation Rate (Spread Interest Rate) if 
more than one by inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
VII. Relevant Spread Rate: 
[Option One] [No Option One] [Spread Cap] 
 
VIII. Spread Cap: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
• 
V%: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Multiplier: 
[⚫] 
 
• 
Spread 
Cap 
Margin: 
[Not Applicable/[+/-] [⚫] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Spread Cap Margin if more than 
one by inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
• 
Rate X: 
Spread Rate [1/2/3] 
 
• 
Rate Y: 
Spread Rate [1/2/3] 
 
• 
Rate Z: 
Spread Rate [1/2/3] 
 
IX. Spread Rate 1: 
[Spread Reference Rate] [plus/minus] [Spread 
Rate 1 Margin][, and multiplied by Spread Rate 
1 Interest Participation Rate] [Not Applicable] 
(Specify whether the Spread Reference Rate for 
Spread Rate 1 is (i) one Reference Rate or (ii) 
the sum of two or more specified Reference 
Rates or (iii) Reference Rate One minus 
Reference Rate Two and, in each case, whether 
each such rate is (a) a Fixed Interest Rate, or 
(b) a Floating Interest Rate and whether Screen 
Rate Determination or ISDA Determination 
applies, or (c) a CMS Interest Rate, and in all 
cases specify details of all other relevant terms 
for each such rate e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination Date, Margin, any Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference 
Rate and/or Maximum Reference Rate, by

--- Page 1097 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1069 
 
inserting the details set out below as sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph, as required) 
 
• 
Spread 
Rate 
1 
Interest 
Participation Rate: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Spread 
Rate 
1 
Margin: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Spread Rate 2: 
[Spread Reference Rate] [plus/minus] [Spread 
Rate 2 Margin][, and multiplied by Spread Rate 
2 Interest Participation Rate] [Not Applicable] 
(Specify whether the Spread Reference Rate for 
Spread Rate 2 is (i) one Reference Rate or (ii) 
the sum of two or more specified Reference 
Rates or (iii) Reference Rate One minus 
Reference Rate Two and, in each case, whether 
each such rate is (a) a Fixed Interest Rate, or 
(b) a Floating Interest Rate and whether Screen 
Rate Determination or ISDA Determination 
applies, or (c) a CMS Interest Rate, and in all 
cases specify details of all other relevant terms 
for each such rate e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination Date, Margin, any Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference 
Rate and/or Maximum Reference Rate, by 
inserting the details set out below as sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph, as required) 
 
• 
Spread 
Rate 
2 
Interest 
Participation Rate: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Spread 
Rate 
2 
Margin: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
XI. Spread Rate 3: 
[Spread Reference Rate] [plus/minus] [Spread 
Rate 3 Margin][, and multiplied by Spread Rate 
3 Interest Participation Rate] [Not Applicable] 
(Specify whether the Spread Reference Rate for 
Spread Rate 3 is (i) one Reference Rate or (ii) 
the sum of two or more specified Reference 
Rates or (iii) Reference Rate One minus 
Reference Rate Two and, in each case, whether 
each such rate is (a) a Fixed Interest Rate, or 
(b) a Floating Interest Rate and whether Screen 
Rate Determination or ISDA Determination 
applies or (c) a CMS Interest Rate, and in all 
cases specify details of all other relevant terms 
for each such rate e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination Date, Margin, any Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference 
Rate and/or Maximum Reference Rate, by 
inserting the details set out below as sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph, as required)

--- Page 1098 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1070 
 
 
• 
Spread 
Rate 
3 
Interest 
Participation Rate: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Spread 
Rate 
3 
Margin: 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
XII. Minimum Interest Rate 
(for the Spread Interest 
Rate): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
 
XIII. Maximum Interest Rate 
(for the Spread Interest 
Rate): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable] 
(Insert the following if any relevant rate is 
determined by reference to provisions relating 
to Spread Security or specified as Spread 
Reference Rate) 
 
XIV. [Spread Reference Rate: 
(Specify whether Spread Reference Rate is (i) 
one Reference Rate or (ii) the sum of specified 
Reference Rates or (iii) Reference Rate One 
minus Reference Rate Two and, in each case, 
whether each such rate is (a) a Fixed Interest 
Rate, or (b) a Floating Interest Rate and 
whether Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination applies or (c) a CMS Interest 
Rate, and in all cases specify details of all other 
relevant terms for each such rate e.g. any 
relevant Interest Determination Date, Margin, 
any Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or Maximum Reference 
Rate, by inserting the details set out below as 
sub-paragraphs 
of 
this 
paragraph, 
as 
required)] 
 
(insert if any Reference Rate is a Fixed Interest 
Rate) [Specified Fixed Rate: (delete if not 
applicable) 
[⚫] per cent. per annum 
 
[Margin (for the Specified Fixed Rate):] (delete 
if not applicable) 
[⚫] 
 
[Interest Participation Rate (for the Specified 
Fixed Rate):] (delete if not applicable) 
[⚫] 
 
(insert if any Reference Rate is a Floating 
Interest Rate) [Manner in which the Floating 
Interest Rate(s) is/are to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
/ 
ISDA 
Determination] applies] 
 
(insert if any Reference Rate is a Floating 
Interest Rate and Screen Rate Determination is 
applicable) [Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[Reference Rate: 
[insert currency] [EURIBOR / LIBOR / 
STIBOR / NIBOR / CIBOR / ROBOR / TIBOR 
/ HIBOR] [BBSW (being the Sydney average 
mid rate for AUD bills of exchange)] [BKBM 
(being the Wellington rate for New Zealand 
Dollar bills of exchange)] (if more than one 
interest rate, specify Interest Period End Dates

--- Page 1099 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1071 
 
to which each interest rate applies by inserting 
a Reference Rate Table below) 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[ ⚫] month[s] [(the Designated Maturity) 
(include 
where 
Linear 
Interpolation 
is 
applicable)] [Not Applicable] 
 
Specified Time: 
[⚫][As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.6 (Definitions)][Not Applicable] 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[ ⚫][As specified Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.6 (Definitions)][Not Applicable] 
 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[Daily/Periodic] 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable 
[(Specify 
e.g. 
any 
relevant 
Valuation 
Date(s))/[(specify)] day on which commercial 
banks are open for business (including dealing 
in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in [(specify)] prior to the start of each 
Interest Period/First day of each Interest 
Period/[(specify)] day on which the TARGET2 
System is open prior to the start of each Interest 
Period] [As specified in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 4.6 (Definitions)] 
 
Page: 
[⚫] 
 
Reference Banks: 
[⚫][As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.6 (Definitions)] 
 
[Margin (for the Screen Rate):] (delete if not 
applicable) 
[⚫] 
 
[Interest Participation Rate (for the Screen 
Rate):] (delete if not applicable) 
[⚫] 
 
(insert if any Reference Rate is a Floating 
Interest Rate and ISDA Determination is 
applicable) [ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[⚫] 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[⚫] 
 
Reset Date: 
[⚫][First day of the relevant Interest Period]] 
 
[Margin (for the ISDA Rate):] (delete if not 
applicable) 
[⚫] 
 
[Interest Participation Rate (for the ISDA 
Rate):] (delete if not applicable) 
[⚫] 
 
(insert if Reference Rate is a CMS Interest 
Rate) [CMS Interest Rate: 
[Single CMS Interest Rate/Worse of CMS 
Interest Rates/CMS Spread Interest Rate] 
 
 
["CMS Reference Rate 
[1]"] (If CMS Interest Rate 
is "Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates" or "CMS Spread 
Interest 
Rate", 
insert 
["CMS Reference Rate 2"] 
(If CMS Interest Rate is 
"Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates" or "CMS Spread 
Interest Rate", insert this 
column)

--- Page 1100 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1072 
 
heading "CMS Reference 
Rate 1") 
 
Relevant Swap Rate: 
[EUR/GBP/USD/ 
Mid-Market] 
Swap 
Rate 
[[EUR/GBP/USD/ 
Mid-Market] 
Swap 
Rate 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[⚫][month[s]/year[s]] 
[⚫][month[s]/year[s]] 
 
[-Relevant 
Financial 
Centre:] 
(Insert 
if 
Relevant Swap Rate is Mid-Market Swap Rate) 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
Relevant Time: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
Reference Currency: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[[Daily/Periodic] Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable: [⚫]][⚫] 
[[Daily/Periodic] Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable: [⚫]][⚫] 
 
Page: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
Reference Banks: 
[ ⚫][As specified in 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement Condition 
4.3(e) 
(CMS 
Reference 
Rate 
Fallback Provisions)] 
[ ⚫][As specified in 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement Condition 
4.3(e) 
(CMS 
Reference 
Rate 
Fallback Provisions)] 
 
(insert if any Reference Rate is subject to a 
Minimum 
Reference 
Rate) 
[Minimum 
Reference Rate: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable]] 
[⚫] [Not Applicable]] 
 
(insert if any Reference Rate is subject to a 
Maximum 
Reference 
Rate) 
[Maximum 
Reference Rate: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable]] 
[⚫] [Not Applicable]] 
 
Margin [1] (for CMS Reference Rate [1]): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][⚫] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Margin [1] if more than one by 
inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
 
(If CMS Interest Rate is "Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate", insert 
the following sub-paragraph) 
 
[Margin 2 (for CMS Reference Rate 2):] 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][⚫] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Margin 2 if more than one by 
inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
Interest Participation Rate [1] (for CMS 
Reference Rate [1]): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]  
(specify each Interest Participation Rate [1] if 
more than one by inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
 
(If CMS Interest Rate is "Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate", insert 
the following sub-paragraph) 
 
Interest Participation Rate 2 (for CMS 
Reference Rate 2): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]  
(specify each Interest Participation Rate 2 if 
more than one by inserting a Rate Table below)]

--- Page 1101 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1073 
 
 
(insert table below if Relevant Spread Rate, or the Margin (Spread Interest Rate), Interest 
Participation Rate (Spread Interest Rate), Minimum Interest Rate and/or Maximum Interest Rate 
in respect of the Relevant Spread Rate for each Interest Period is different) 
[Rate Table for Spread Securities] 
[Interest Period End 
Date(s)] 
[Relevant Spread Rate] 
[Margin (Spread Interest 
Rate)] 
[Interest Participation Rate 
(Spread Interest Rate)] 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Interest Rate] 
[Interest Payment Date(s) / [
⚫] in each year [adjusted in 
accordance with [specify 
Business Day 
Convention]/not adjusted]] 
[No] [Option One] / [Spread 
Cap] applicable 
[Not Applicable / [+/-][⚫] 
per cent. per annum] (repeat 
as required) 
[⚫] / [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
(insert table below if Spread Rate 1 Margin, Spread Rate 2 Margin, Spread Rate 1 Interest Participation 
Rate, Spread Rate 2 Interest Participation Rate, Minimum Reference Rate and/or Maximum Reference 
Rate for each Interest Period is different) 
Interest Period End 
Date(s) 
[Spread Rate 1] 
[Spread Rate 2] 
[Spread Rate 3]* 
[Spread Rate 1 
Margin] 
[Spread Rate 1 
Interest Participation 
Rate] 
[Minimum/Maximu
m Reference Rate]* 
[Spread Rate 2 
Margin]* 
[Spread Rate 3 
Margin]* 
[Spread Rate 2 
Interest Participation 
Rate] [Spread Rate 3 
Interest Participation 
Rate] 
[Minimum/Maximu
m Reference Rate]* 
[insert date(s)] (repeat 
as required) 
+/- [specify] (repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required) 
+/- [specify] (repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required)] 
*insert, if applicable, an additional column for "Spread Rate 3", and additional columns for "Spread 
Rate 3 Margin", "Spread Rate 3 Interest Participation Rate" and/or "Minimum/Maximum Reference 
Rate" if different for each Interest Period. 
 
(E) 
Range 
Accrual 
(Expanded) Securities: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Interest 
Period(s) and/or 
Interest 
Payment 
Date(s) 
in 
relation 
to 
Range Accrual 
(Expanded) 
Securities: 
[⚫] [in each [year] [month] from, and including, [⚫] 
to and including, [⚫]] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]/not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 8(h) (Business Day 
Convention))] 
 
II. 
Interest Rate[s]: 
[Fixed Interest Rate: see paragraph 13(vi)(A)) 
above/Floating Interest Rate: see paragraph 13(vi)(B) 
above/CMS Interest Rate: see paragraph 13(vi)(C) 
above] 
(specify each rate of interest if more than one by 
inserting a Range Accrual Table below) 
 
III. 
Single 
Reference 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Dual Reference 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1102 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1074 
 
 
V. 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Reference 
Observation [1] 
(insert 
"Reference 
Observation 1" 
if 
Dual 
Reference 
Observation or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation is 
applicable): 
[specify what the Reference Observation will be from 
the options set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.5(c)] 
[if applicable specify details of the or each Reference 
Rate and where there is more than one Reference 
Rate, whether the Barrier is different for each 
Reference Rate for each relevant interest period.] 
[If Dual Reference Observation is specified to be 
applicable, specify what the Reference Observation 
will be for each of Reference Observation 1 and 
Reference Observation 2 below and if Triple 
Reference Observation is specified to be applicable, 
specify what the Reference Observation will be for 
each of Reference Observations 1, Reference 
Observation 2 and Reference Observation 3 below] 
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table below] 
(If Reference Observation (or if Dual Reference 
Observation or Triple Reference Observation is 
applicable, Reference Observation 1) is different for 
each 
Interest 
Period, 
insert 
the 
Reference 
Observation Table) 
 
 
Barrier 
[1] 
(insert "Barrier 
1" 
if 
Dual 
Reference 
Observation or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation is 
applicable): 
[⚫] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] [specify 
for each relevant interest period by inserting the 
Range Accrual Table below, and where there is more 
than one Reference Rate, whether the Barrier [1] is 
different for each Reference Rate] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Barrier 
Reference: 
[Greater than the Barrier [1]/Greater than or equal to 
the Barrier [1]/Less than the Barrier [1]/Less than or 
equal to the Barrier [1]] (insert "Barrier 1" if Dual 
Reference 
Observation 
is 
applicable) 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
Lower 
Range 
[1] 
(insert 
"Lower Range 
1" 
if 
Dual 
Reference 
Observation or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation is 
applicable): 
[⚫] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] [specify 
for each relevant interest period by inserting the 
Range Accrual Table below] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Lower 
Range 
[1] 
Option 
(insert "Lower 
Range 
1 
Option" if Dual 
Reference 
Observation or 
[[Greater than or equal to/Greater than] the Lower 
Range [1]] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 1103 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1075 
 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation is 
applicable): 
 
 
Upper 
Range 
[1] 
(insert 
"Upper 
Range 
1" 
if 
Dual 
Reference 
Observation or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation is 
applicable): 
[⚫] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] [specify 
for each relevant interest period by inserting the 
Range Accrual Table below] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Upper 
Range 
[1] 
Option 
(insert "Upper 
Range 
1 
Option" if Dual 
Reference 
Observation or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation is 
applicable): 
[[Less than or equal to/Less than] the Upper Range 
[1]] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Reference Rate 
[One] 
(for 
Reference 
Observation 
[1]): 
(insert 
"Reference 
Observation 1" 
if 
Dual 
Reference 
Observation or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation is 
applicable) 
[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest Rate/Relevant Spread 
Rate/Spread 
Reference 
Rate: 
see 
paragraph 
13(vi)(D)] [Not Applicable] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate [One], 
including any Margin, Interest Participation Rate, 
any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate. If the Reference Rate is a Fixed 
Interest Rate, Floating Interest Rate or CMS Interest 
Rate, insert the details set out below as sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph, as required. If there is 
more than one Reference Rate [One], repeat this 
paragraph for each Reference Rate [One])  
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table below] 
(If Reference Rate [One] is different for each Interest 
Period, insert the Reference Observation Table) 
 
 
[Reference Rate 
Two 
(for 
Reference 
Observation 
[1]):] (insert if 
applicable) 
[[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest Rate/Relevant Spread 
Rate/Spread 
Reference 
Rate: 
see 
paragraph 
13(vi)(D)] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate Two by 
repeating sub-paragraphs of the paragraph above for 
Reference Rate Two, including any Margin, Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate and/or 
any Maximum Reference Rate. If there is more than one 
Reference Rate Two, repeat this paragraph for each 
Reference Rate Two)

--- Page 1104 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1076 
 
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table below] 
(If Reference Rate Two is different for each Interest 
Period, insert the Reference Observation Table)] 
 
(insert and re-number the following paragraphs if "Dual Reference Observation" or "Triple 
Reference Observation" is applicable) 
 
VII. 
[Reference 
Observation 2: 
[specify what the Reference Observation 2 will be 
from the options set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.5(c)] 
[If applicable, and specify details of the or each 
Reference Rate and where more than one Reference 
Rate whether the Barrier is different for each 
Reference Rate for each relevant interest period] 
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table below] 
(If Reference Observation 2 is different for each 
Interest Period, insert the Reference Observation 
Table) 
 
 
[Barrier 
2:] 
(insert if Barrier 
1 is specified) 
[⚫] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] [specify 
for each relevant interest period by inserting the 
Range Accrual Table below, and where there is more 
than one Reference Rate, whether the Barrier 2 is 
different for each Reference Rate] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Barrier 
Reference:] 
(insert 
if 
Barrier 
2 
is 
specified) 
[Greater than the Barrier 2/Greater than or equal to the 
Barrier 2/Less than the Barrier 2/Less than or equal to 
the Barrier 2]  
 
 
[Lower Range 
2:] 
(insert 
if 
Lower Range 1 
is specified) 
[⚫] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] [specify 
for each relevant interest period by inserting the 
Range Accrual Table below] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Lower Range 2 
Option:] (insert 
if Lower Range 
2 is specified) 
[[Greater than or equal to/Greater than] the Lower 
Range 2] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Upper 
Range 
2:] 
(insert 
if 
Upper Range 1 
is specified) 
[⚫] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] [specify 
for each relevant interest period by inserting the 
Range Accrual Table below] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Upper Range 2 
Option:] (insert 
if Upper Range 
2 is specified) 
[[Less than or equal to/Less than] the Upper Range 2] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
Reference Rate 
[One] 
(for 
Reference 
Observation 2): 
[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest Rate/Relevant Spread 
Rate/Spread 
Reference 
Rate: 
see 
paragraph 
13(vi)(D)] [Not Applicable] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate [One], 
including any Margin, Interest Participation Rate, 
any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate. If the Reference Rate is a Fixed

--- Page 1105 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1077 
 
Interest Rate, Floating Interest Rate or CMS Interest 
Rate, insert the details set out below as sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph, as required. If there is 
more than one Reference Rate [One], repeat this 
paragraph for each Reference Rate [One])  
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table below] 
(If Reference Rate [One] is different for each Interest 
Period, insert the Reference Observation Table) 
 
 
[Reference Rate 
Two 
(for 
Reference 
Observation 2):] 
(insert 
if 
applicable) 
[[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest Rate/Relevant Spread 
Rate/Spread 
Reference 
Rate: 
see 
paragraph 
13(vi)(D)] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate Two by 
repeating sub-paragraphs of the paragraph above for 
Reference Rate Two, including any Margin, Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or any Maximum Reference Rate. If there is more 
than one Reference Rate Two, repeat this paragraph 
for each Reference Rate Two)  
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table below] 
(If Reference Rate Two is different for each Interest 
Period, insert the Reference Observation Table)] 
(insert and re-number the following paragraphs if "Triple Reference Observation" is 
applicable) 
 
VIII. 
[Reference 
Observation 3: 
[specify what the Reference Observation 3 will be 
from the options set out in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.5(c)] 
[If applicable specify details of the or each Reference 
Rate and where more than one Reference Rate 
whether the Barrier is different for each Reference 
Rate for each relevant interest period] 
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table below] 
(If Reference Observation 3 is different for each 
Interest Period, insert the Reference Observation 
Table) 
 
 
[Barrier 
3:] 
(insert 
if 
Barrier 
1 
is 
specified) 
[⚫] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] [specify 
for each relevant interest period by inserting the 
Range Accrual Table below, and where there is more 
than one Reference Rate, whether the Barrier 3 is 
different for each Reference Rate] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Barrier 
Reference:] 
(insert 
if 
Barrier 
3 
is 
specified) 
[Greater than the Barrier 3/Greater than or equal to the 
Barrier 3/Less than the Barrier 3/Less than or equal to 
the Barrier 3]  
 
 
[Lower Range 
3:] 
(insert 
if 
Lower Range 1 
is specified) 
[⚫] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] [specify 
for each relevant interest period by inserting the 
Range Accrual Table below] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 1106 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1078 
 
 
 
[Lower Range 3 
Option:] (insert 
if Lower Range 
3 is specified) 
[[Greater than or equal to/Greater than] the Lower 
Range 3] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Upper 
Range 
3:] 
(insert 
if 
Upper Range 1 
is specified) 
[⚫] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] [specify 
for each relevant interest period by inserting the 
Range Accrual Table below] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Upper Range 3 
Option:] (insert 
if Upper Range 
3 is specified) 
[[Less than or equal to/Less than] the Upper Range 3] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
Reference Rate 
[One] 
(for 
Reference 
Observation 3): 
[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest Rate/Relevant Spread 
Rate/Spread 
Reference 
Rate: 
see 
paragraph 
13(vi)(D)] [Not Applicable] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate [One], 
including any Margin, Interest Participation Rate, 
any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any Maximum 
Reference Rate. If the Reference Rate is a Fixed 
Interest Rate, Floating Interest Rate or CMS Interest 
Rate, insert the details set out in below as sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph, as required. If there is 
more than one Reference Rate [One], repeat this 
paragraph for each Reference Rate [One])  
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table below] 
(If Reference Rate [One] is different for each Interest 
Period, insert the Reference Observation Table) 
 
 
[Reference Rate 
Two 
(for 
Reference 
Observation 3):] 
(insert 
if 
applicable) 
[[Fixed Interest Rate/Floating Interest Rate/CMS 
Interest Rate/Spread Interest Rate/Relevant Spread 
Rate/Spread 
Reference 
Rate: 
see 
paragraph 
13(vi)(D)] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate Two by 
repeating sub-paragraphs of the paragraph above for 
Reference Rate Two, including any Margin, Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or any Maximum Reference Rate. If there is more 
than one Reference Rate Two, repeat this paragraph 
for each Reference Rate Two)  
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table below] 
(If Reference Rate Two is different for each Interest 
Period, insert the Reference Observation Table)] 
 
IX. 
Lev: 
[[ ⚫]%] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
(Specify for each relevant interest period by inserting 
the Range Accrual Table below) [Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Adj: 
[[ ⚫]%] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
(Specify for each relevant interest period by inserting 
the Range Accrual Table below) [Not Applicable]

--- Page 1107 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1079 
 
 
XI. 
RA Cap: 
[[ ⚫]%] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
(Specify for each relevant interest period by inserting 
the Range Accrual Table below) [Not Applicable] 
 
XII. 
RA Floor: 
[[ ⚫]%] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
(Specify for each relevant interest period by inserting 
the Range Accrual Table below) [Not Applicable] 
 
XIII. 
Protected Range 
Accrual 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable: 
Protection Level: [[⚫]%] [As set out in the Range 
Accrual Table] (Specify for each 
relevant interest period by inserting 
the Range Accrual Table below)] 
 
XIV. 
Accrual Days: 
[calendar days/Business Days] 
 
XV. 
Accrual 
Business 
Day 
Centre: 
[ ⚫] [Not Applicable] (N.B. this relates to the 
definition of "Accrual Business Day", specify this if 
the Specified Accrual Cut-Off Date is a specified 
number of Accrual Business Days. This is not 
applicable if the Accrual Cut-Off Date is the 
Default Accrual Cut-Off Date) 
 
XVI. 
Accrual Cut-Off 
Date 
(the 
"Accrual 
Cut-
Off Date" is the 
specified 
number 
of 
calendar 
days 
or 
Accrual 
Business Days 
preceding 
the 
last day of the 
relevant Interest 
Period 
(Specified 
Accrual Cut-Off 
Date) and shall 
be five Accrual 
Days if "Default 
Accrual Cut-Off 
Date" 
is 
specified): 
[Specified 
Accrual 
Cut-Off 
Date] 
[Default 
Accrual Cut-Off Date] 
 
 
- 
Specified 
Accrual 
Cut-Off 
Date: 
[ ⚫] [calendar day/Accrual Business Day] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
XVII. 
Any or All: 
[Any][All][Not Applicable] 
 
XVIII. Minimum 
Interest Rate: 
[See paragraph [13(vi)(B)/13(vi)(C) above] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
XIX. 
Maximum 
Interest Rate: 
[See paragraph [13(vi)(B)/13(vi)(C) above] [Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 1108 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1080 
 
 
XX. 
Minimum 
Interest 
Amount: 
[[⚫] per Calculation Amount] [As set out in the Rate 
Table] [Not Applicable] 
(If there is more than one Minimum Interest Amount 
for different Interest Periods, this information may be 
set out in a "Rate Table") 
 
XXI. 
Maximum 
Interest 
Amount: 
[[⚫] per Calculation Amount] [As set out in the Rate 
Table] [Not Applicable] 
(If there is more than one Maximum Interest Amount 
for different Interest Periods, this information may be 
set out in a "Rate Table") 
 
 
(insert if any 
Reference Rate 
is 
a 
Fixed 
Interest 
Rate) 
[Specified 
Fixed 
Rate: 
(delete if not 
applicable) 
[⚫] per cent. per annum 
 
 
[Margin 
(for 
the 
Specified 
Fixed 
Rate):] 
(delete if not 
applicable) 
[⚫] 
 
 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate (for the 
Specified Fixed 
Rate):] (delete 
if 
not 
applicable) 
[⚫] 
 
 
(insert if any 
Reference Rate 
is a Floating 
Interest 
Rate) 
[Manner 
in 
which 
the 
Floating 
Interest Rate(s) 
is/are 
to 
be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination / ISDA Determination] 
applies] 
 
 
(insert if any 
Reference Rate 
is a Floating 
Interest 
Rate 
and 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable) 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1109 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1081 
 
 
 
[Reference 
Rate: 
[insert currency] [EURIBOR / LIBOR / STIBOR / 
NIBOR / CIBOR / ROBOR / TIBOR / HIBOR] 
[BBSW (being the Sydney average mid rate for AUD 
bills of exchange)] [BKBM (being the Wellington rate 
for New Zealand Dollar bills of exchange)] (if more 
than one interest rate, specify Interest Period End 
Dates to which each interest rate applies by inserting 
a Reference Rate Table below) 
 
 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[ ⚫] month[s] [(the Designated Maturity) (include 
where Linear Interpolation is applicable)] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
Specified Time: 
[ ⚫][As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.6 (Definitions)][Not Applicable] 
 
 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[ ⚫][As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.6 (Definitions)][Not Applicable] 
 
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[Daily/Periodic] Rate Determination is applicable: 
[(Specify 
e.g. 
any 
relevant 
Valuation 
Date(s))/[(specify)] day on which commercial banks 
are open for business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in [(specify)] 
prior to the start of each Interest Period/First day of 
each Interest Period/[(specify)] day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open prior to the start of each 
Interest Period] [As specified in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 4.6(Definitions)] 
 
 
Page: 
[⚫] 
 
 
Reference 
Banks: 
[ ⚫][As specified in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.6 (Definitions)] 
 
 
[Margin 
(for 
the 
Screen 
Rate):] (delete 
if 
not 
applicable) 
[⚫] 
 
 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate (for the 
Screen Rate):] 
(delete if not 
applicable) 
[⚫] 
 
 
(insert if any 
Reference Rate 
is a Floating 
Interest 
Rate 
and 
ISDA 
Determination 
is 
applicable) 
[ISDA 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1110 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1082 
 
 
 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[⚫] 
 
 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[⚫] 
 
 
Reset Date: 
[⚫][First day of the relevant Interest Period]] 
 
 
[Margin 
(for 
the 
ISDA 
Rate):] (delete 
if 
not 
applicable) 
[⚫] 
 
 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate (for the 
ISDA 
Rate):] 
(delete if not 
applicable) 
[⚫] 
 
 
(insert 
if 
Reference Rate 
is 
a 
CMS 
Interest 
Rate) 
[CMS Interest 
Rate: 
[Single CMS Interest Rate/Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates/CMS Spread Interest Rate] 
 
 
["CMS Reference Rate [1]"] 
(If CMS Interest Rate is "Worse 
of CMS Interest Rates" or 
"CMS Spread Interest Rate", 
insert heading "CMS Reference 
Rate 1") 
["CMS Reference Rate 2"] (If 
CMS Interest Rate is "Worse of 
CMS Interest Rates" or "CMS 
Spread Interest Rate", insert 
this column) 
 
 
Relevant Swap 
Rate: 
[EUR/GBP/USD/ Mid-
Market] Swap Rate 
[[EUR/GBP/USD/ Mid-
Market] Swap Rate 
 
 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[⚫][month[s]/year[s]] 
[⚫][month[s]/year[s]] 
 
 
[-Relevant 
Financial 
Centre:] (Insert 
if 
Relevant 
Swap Rate is 
Mid-Market 
Swap Rate) 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
 
Relevant Time: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
 
Reference 
Currency: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
 
Interest 
Determination  
Date(s): 
[[Daily/Periodic] 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable: [⚫]][⚫] 
[[Daily/Periodic] Rate 
Determination is 
applicable: [⚫]][⚫] 
 
 
Page: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
 
Reference 
Banks: 
[ ⚫][As specified in 
Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 4.3(e) (CMS 
[⚫][As specified in 
Valuation and 
Settlement Condition

--- Page 1111 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1083 
 
Reference Rate Fallback 
Provisions)] 
4.3(e) (CMS Reference 
Rate Fallback 
Provisions)] 
 
 
(insert if any 
Reference Rate  
is subject to a 
Minimum 
Reference Rate) 
[Minimum 
Reference Rate: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable]] 
[⚫] [Not Applicable]] 
 
 
(insert if any 
Reference Rate 
is subject to a 
Maximum 
Reference Rate) 
[Maximum 
Reference Rate:
 
 
[⚫] [Not Applicable]] 
[⚫] [Not Applicable]] 
 
 
Margin [1] (for 
CMS Reference 
Rate [1]): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][⚫] per cent. per annum] (specify 
each Margin [1] if more than one by inserting a Rate 
Table below) 
 
 
 
(If CMS Interest Rate is "Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate", insert the 
following sub-paragraph) 
 
 
[Margin 2 (for 
CMS Reference 
Rate 2):] 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][⚫] per cent. per annum] (specify 
each Margin 2 if more than one by inserting a Rate 
Table below) 
 
 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate [1] (for 
CMS Reference 
Rate [1]): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]  
(specify each Interest Participation Rate [1] if more 
than one by inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
 
(If CMS Interest Rate is "Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate", insert the 
following sub-paragraph) 
 
 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate 
2 
(for 
CMS Reference 
Rate 2): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]  
(specify each Interest Participation Rate 2 if more 
than one by inserting a Rate Table below)] 
(Insert the table below if more than one Floating Interest Rate and Screen Rate Determination is 
applicable or, if more than one forward rate is applicable, as required) 
 
[Reference Rate Table] 
Interest Period End Date(s) 
Reference Rate 
[Page 
[Relevant Financial 
Centre] 
[Interest Determination 
Date(s)] 
[Forward 
Rate][Reference 
Banks] 
[Specified Time] 
[Interest Payment Date(s) / [⚫] 
in each year [adjusted in 
accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention]/not 
adjusted]] [(See General 
[[⚫] month [(the 
"Designated Maturity") 
(include where Linear 
Interpolation is 
applicable)] [insert 
currency] [EURIBOR / 
[⚫]] 
[⚫] 
 
[⚫]

--- Page 1112 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1084 
 
Condition 8(h) (Business Day 
Convention))] 
LIBOR / STIBOR / 
NIBOR / CIBOR / 
ROBOR / TIBOR / 
HIBOR] [BBSW (being 
the Sydney average mid 
rate for AUD bills of 
exchange)] [BKBM 
(being the Wellington rate 
for New Zealand Dollar 
bills of exchange)]][insert 
details of implied forward 
rate] 
 
(Insert table below if "Worse of CMS Interest Rates" or "CMS Spread Interest Rate" is applicable and 
there is more than one Margin 1, Margin 2, Interest Participation Rate 1, Interest Participation Rate 2 
or Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate (as applicable) in respect of CMS Referent Rate 1 and CMS 
Reference Rate 2 for different Interest Periods, as required) 
[Rate Table] 
 
CMS Reference Rate 1 
CMS Reference Rate 2 
[Interest Period 
End Date(s)] 
[Margin 
1] 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate 1] 
[Minimum/Maximu
m Reference Rate] 
[Margin 
2] 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate 2] 
[Minimum/Maximu
m Reference Rate] 
[Interest Payment 
Date(s) / [●]in 
each year [adjusted 
in accordance with 
[specify Business 
Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted]] 
[Not 
Applicab
le / [+/-
][●]per 
cent. per 
annum] 
(repeat 
as 
required
) 
[●] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[●]/ [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
[Not 
Applicable 
/ [+/-][●] 
per cent. 
per 
annum] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[●] / [Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
 
(Insert table below if there is more than one Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate for different Interest 
Periods, as required) 
Interest Period End 
Date(s) 
[reference rate][one[s]] 
[reference rate][two[s]] 
[Specified Rate 1] 
[Specified Rate 2] 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Reference Rate] 
[Minimum/Maximum Reference 
Rate] 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Reference Rate] 
[insert date(s)] 
(repeat as required) 
[⚫] / [Not Applicable] (repeat as 
required) 
[⚫] / [Not Applicable] (repeat as 
required) 
[⚫] / [Not Applicable] (repeat 
as required) 
 
(Insert the table below if the Interest Rate, the Barrier or the Upper Range and Lower Range is different 
for each Interest Period, as required)  
[Range Accrual Table] 
[Interest Period End Date(s) 
[Reference Observation]* 
[Interest Rate]* 
[Barrier] [Upper Range] 
[Lower Range] 
[insert date(s)] (repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat as required) 
[specify] (repeat as required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required)] 
*insert additional columns for "Interest Rate" and "Reference Observation" for each Interest Period if different 
(insert table below into if Dual Reference Observation or Triple Reference Observation is applicable, 
and if the Interest Rate, Barrier 1 and Barrier 2, or the Upper Range 1 and Lower Range 1, Upper Range 
2 and Lower Range 2, as applicable, is different for each Interest Period, as required) 
[Range Accrual Table] 
[Interest 
Period End 
Date(s) 
[Interest 
Rate] 
Accrual Condition 1 
Accrual Condition 2 
[Accrual Condition 3 
[Barrier 1] 
[Lower 
Range 1] 
[Reference 
Observation 
1]* 
[Upper 
Range 
1] 
[Barrier 2] [Lower 
Range 2] 
[Reference 
Observation 2]* 
[Upper Range 
2] 
[Barrier 3] 
[Lower 
Range 3] 
[Reference 
Observation 
3]* 
[Upper 
Range 3]

--- Page 1113 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1085 
 
[insert date(s)] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat 
as required) 
[specify] (repeat 
as required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required)] 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required)] 
*insert additional columns for "Reference Observation 1" under the heading "Accrual Condition 1", "Reference Observation 2" 
under the heading "Accrual Condition 2" and "Reference Observation 3" under the heading "Accrual Condition 3", for each 
Interest Period if different. 
 
(insert table below if "Lev", Adj", "RA Cap", "RA Floor" and/or "Protection Level" are different for each 
Interest Period, as required) 
 
[Range Accrual Table] 
[Interest Period 
End Date(s) 
Lev 
Adj 
RA Cap 
RA Floor 
[Protection Level 
[insert date(s)] 
(repeat as required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat 
as required)] 
 
(Insert if Reference Observation (or if Dual Reference Observation or Triple Reference Observation is applicable, Reference 
Observation 1 and Reference Observation 2) is different for each Interest Period) 
[Reference Observation Table] 
 
Reference Observation [1] [2] [3]* 
 
Reference Rate [One[s]]  
(repeat as required if more than one Reference Rate One) 
Interest Period End 
Date(s) 
Specified Fixed Rate/Reference 
Rate/Floating Rate 
Option/Relevant Swap Rate 
[Page] 
[Relevant Financial 
Centre] 
[Reset Date] 
[Interest Determination 
Date(s)] 
[Reference Banks] 
[Specified 
Time/Relevant 
Time] 
 
[Interest Payment 
Date(s) / [⚫] in each 
year [adjusted in 
accordance with [specify 
Business Day 
Convention]/not 
adjusted]] (See General 
Condition 8(h) (Business 
Day Convention)) 
[Specified Fixed Rate: [⚫] % per 
annum] 
[Reference Rate: [⚫] month[s] 
[(the Designated Maturity) 
(include where Linear 
Interpolation is applicable)] [insert 
currency] [EURIBOR / LIBOR / 
STIBOR / NIBOR / CIBOR / 
ROBOR / TIBOR / HIBOR] 
[BBSW (being the Sydney average 
mid rate for AUD bills of 
exchange)] [BKBM (being the 
Wellington rate for New Zealand 
Dollar bills of exchange)]] 
[Floating Rate Option: [⚫]] 
month[s] (the Designated 
Maturity) [⚫]] 
[Relevant Swap Rate: 
[month[s]/year[s]] (the Designated 
Maturity) [EUR/GBP/USD/Mid-
Market] Swap Rate 
Reference Currency: [⚫]] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
 
[Reference Rate One[s]] 
 
Specified Fixed Rate/Reference 
Rate/Floating Rate 
Option/Relevant Swap Rate 
[Page] 
[Relevant Financial 
Centre] 
[Reset Date] 
[Interest Determination 
Date(s)] 
[Reference Banks] 
 
[Specified 
Time/Relevant 
Time] 
 
[Reference Rate Two[s]]  
(repeat as required if more than one Reference Rate Two) 
 
Specified Fixed Rate/Reference 
Rate/Floating Rate 
Option/Relevant Swap Rate 
[Page] 
[Relevant Financial 
Centre] 
[Reset Date] 
[Interest Determination 
Date(s)] 
[Reference Banks] 
[Specified 
Time/Relevant 
Time] 
 
[Reference Rate Two[s]] 
 
Specified Fixed Rate/Reference 
Rate/Floating Rate 
Option/Relevant Swap Rate 
[Page] 
[Relevant Financial 
Centre] 
[Reset Date] 
[Interest Determination 
Date(s)] 
[Reference Banks] 
[Specified 
Time/Relevant 
Time] 
* Insert additional columns for Reference Observation 2 and/or Reference Observation 3 if different for each Interest Period

--- Page 1114 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1086 
 
 
(F) 
Inflation 
Rate 
Security 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Interest Amount Inflation 
Index: 
(specify Underlying) 
 
II. 
Margin(s): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][⚫] per cent. per annum] 
 
III. 
UCL Relevant Months 
Prior: 
[⚫] months 
 
IV. UCL 12 + Relevant 
Months Prior: 
[⚫]] months 
 
V. 
DCF: 
[30/360] 
 
 
[Actual/Actual] / [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[1/1] 
 
(G) 
Interim Performance Interest 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[if applicable: 
 
 
Type of Interim Performance Interest Security: 
[Twin Win/Reverse] Interim Performance 
Security][if an Interest barrier Event has [not] 
occurred] [and]] (repeat as necessary) 
 
(vii) 
Interest 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(This item may be applicable if any of Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 1.2, 1.3 or 1.5 
applies) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Valuation 
Disruption 
(Scheduled Trading Days): 
[Move in Block/Value What You Can/Range 
Accrual [Value What You Can/Move In Block] 
Observation 
is 
Applicable 
(as 
specified 
above)/Not Applicable][The provisions of 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(c)(i) 
(Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Scheduled 
Trading Days)) [apply/do not apply.] 
 
 
[Modified 
Following/Preceding 
Scheduled 
Trading Day] (specify for a Rate only and where 
the provisions of Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 2(c) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Scheduled Trading Days)) do not apply to that 
Rate)

--- Page 1115 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1087 
 
 
(B) 
Valuation 
Disruption 
(Disrupted Days): 
[Move in Block/Value What You Can/ Range 
Accrual [Value What You Can/Move In Block] 
Observation 
is 
Applicable 
(as 
specified 
above)/Not Applicable] [The provisions of 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 2(d)(i) 
(Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted 
Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) apply] 
 
(C) 
Valuation Roll: 
[⚫]/[Eight] [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If no Valuation Roll is stated, Specified 
Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
eight) 
TABLE 
[[Interest 
[Period] Strike 
Level] 
[Specified 
[Interest] 
Valuation 
Date(s) 
[Lower / 
Upper] 
Interest 
Barrier Level 
[1] (%) 
[Lower 
/Upper] 
Interest 
Barrier Level 
[2] (%) 
[Lower 
/Upper] 
Interest Lock-
in Level (%) 
[Specified 
Interest 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date 
Interest 
[Amount/Rate
] if an Interest 
Barrier Event 
[1] [does not 
occur][or] 
[occurs] in 
respect of the 
relevant 
Interest 
Payment Date] 
[and] [in each 
case] 
[Minimum 
Interest 
[Amount/ 
Rate] [and] 
[Maximum 
Interest 
[Amount/ 
Rate] 
Interest 
[Amount/Rate
] if an Interest 
Barrier Event 
[2] [does not 
occur][or] 
[occurs] in 
respect of the 
relevant 
Interest 
Payment Date] 
[and] [in each 
case][Minimu
m Interest 
[Amount/ 
Rate] [and] 
[Maximum 
Interest 
[Amount/ 
Rate] 
[IPR/FX 
Performance/I
nterest 
Adjustment/Z
%] 
Interest 
Payment Date 
[[⚫] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[⚫] 
[Interest 
[Period] Initial 
Level] 
(specify for 
each Interest 
underlying, 
performance-
linked interest 
amount, 
Interest Barrier 
Level and 
Interest Period, 
where different 
and as 
appropriate) 
[[⚫] 
[[⚫] 
Scheduled 
Trading Days 
prior to [⚫]] 
[Each 
Scheduled 
Trading Day 
for the Interest 
Underlying 
which is not a 
Disrupted Day 
for the Interest 
Underlying 
from [(and 
including)] 
[(but 
excluding)] [
⚫] to [(but 
excluding)] 
[(and 
including)] [⚫
]] 
[As set out in 
Valuation and 
Settlement 
Condition 1.1 
(Definitions) 
(Range Accrual 
Securities 
only)]] 
[greater than 
[(or equal to)] [
⚫]% and less 
than [(or equal 
to)] [⚫]% of 
the Interest 
Initial Level of 
[the relevant 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying][
⚫]] [greater 
than] [greater 
than or equal 
to] [less than] 
[less than or 
equal to] [⚫
]% of the 
Interest Initial 
Level of] the 
relevant 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying][
⚫] (specify 
where different 
for different 
Interest Barrier 
Underlyings, 
each Interest 
Barrier Event 
and relevant 
Performance-
Linked Interest 
Amount, as 
applicable) 
[greater than 
[(or equal to)] [
⚫]% and less 
than [(or equal 
to)] [⚫]% of 
the Interest 
Initial Level of 
[the relevant 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying] [
⚫]] [greater 
than] [greater 
than or equal 
to] [less than] 
[less than or 
equal to] [⚫
]% of the 
Interest Initial 
Level of ]the 
relevant 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying] [
⚫] (specify 
where different 
for different 
Interest Barrier 
Underlyings, 
each Interest 
Barrier Event 
and relevant 
Performance-
Linked Interest 
Amount, as 
applicable) 
[greater than 
(or equal to) [
⚫]% and less 
than (or equal 
to) [⚫]% of 
the Interest 
Initial Level of 
[the relevant 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying][
⚫]] [greater 
than] [greater 
than or equal 
to] [less than] 
[less than or 
equal to] [⚫
]% of the 
Interest Initial 
Level of ]the 
relevant 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying][
⚫] (specify 
where different 
for different 
Interest Barrier 
Underlyings) 
[[⚫] 
[[⚫] 
Scheduled 
Trading Days 
prior to [⚫]] 
Each 
Scheduled 
Trading Day 
[for all the 
Interest Barrier 
Underlyings] 
which is not a 
Disrupted Day 
[for any 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying] 
from [(and 
including)] 
[(but 
excluding)] [
⚫] to [(but 
excluding)] 
[(and 
including)] [⚫
]] 
[As set out in 
Valuation and 
Settlement 
Condition 1.1 
(Definitions) 
(Range Accrual 
Securities 
only)] 
[[[⚫][%] [per 
annum payable 
[annually 
/ 
semi-annually / 
quarterly 
/ 
monthly 
/ 
weekly / other 
(specify)]] 
in 
arrear][As 
set 
out 
in 
item 
13(vi)(G) 
above] if an 
Interest Barrier 
Event [1] [does 
not] occur[s] in 
respect of the 
relevant 
Interest 
Payment Date] 
[Maximum 
Interest 
[Amount/Rate]: 
[ ⚫]] [and] 
[Minimum 
Interest 
[Amount/Rate]: 
[⚫]] / [⚫] per 
Security]] 
[Either: (i)] if 
an Interest 
Barrier Event 
[1] has 
occurred in 
respect of [⚫] 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying(s) 
[only] [or less], 
[⚫]] [or (ii) if 
an Interest 
Barrier Event 
[1] has 
occurred in 
respect of [⚫] 
[or more] 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying(s) 
[only] [or less], 
[⚫]] (specify 
for the relevant 
number of 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying(s) 
where the 
Securities are 
Multi-Chance 
Securities] (in 
each case, 
specify as 
necessary for 
each applicable 
Interest 
Amount) 
[[[⚫][%] [per 
annum payable 
[annually 
/ 
semi-annually / 
quarterly 
/ 
monthly 
/ 
weekly / other 
(specify)]] 
in 
arrear][As 
set 
out 
in 
item 
13(vi)(G) 
above] if an 
Interest Barrier 
Event [2] [does 
not] occur[s] in 
respect of the 
relevant 
Interest 
Payment Date] 
[Maximum 
Interest 
[Amount/ 
Rate]: [ ⚫]] 
[and] 
[Minimum 
Interest 
[Amount/ 
Rate]: [⚫] ] / [
⚫
] 
per 
Security]]  
[Either: (i)] if 
an Interest 
Barrier Event 
[2] has 
occurred in 
respect of [⚫] 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying(s) 
[only] [or less], 
[⚫]] [or (ii) if 
an Interest 
Barrier Event 
[2] has 
occurred in 
respect of [⚫] 
[or more] 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying(s) 
[only] [or less], 
[⚫]] (specify 
for the relevant 
number of 
Interest Barrier 
Underlying(s) 
where the 
Securities are 
Multi-Chance 
Securities] (in 
each case, 
specify as 
necessary for 
each applicable 
Interest 
Amount) 
[IPR: [⚫]] 
[FX 
Performance [
⚫]]: 
[Interest 
Adjustment: 
[⚫] [Barrier 
Event 
Applicable: 
Barrier Event 
Satisfied 
Interest 
Adjustment: [
⚫]. 
Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied 
Interest 
Adjustment: [
⚫].]] 
[Z: [⚫]%] (in 
each case, 
specify 
alternatives 
where an 
interest barrier 
event has 
occurred or 
has not 
occurred, if 
applicable) 
[adjusted in 
accordance 
with [specify 
Business Day 
Convention]/ 
not adjusted] 
[where EMTA 
provisions are 
applicable in 
respect of any 
FX Rate: or, if 
later, the 
Number of 
Settlement 
Business Days 
following the 
[last occurring] 
Interest 
Valuation Date 
relating to such 
Interest 
Payment Date]

--- Page 1116 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1088 
 
(specify for each interest payment date and delete the relevant column if not applicable) (repeat this Table and/or the applicable columns as 
necessary where there are different Interest Barrier Events occurring in respect of different Interest Payment Dates resulting in different Interest 
Amounts payable) 
14. 
Redemption Provisions: 
 
 
(i) 
Issuer Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[[ ⚫]] [Each date set out under the heading 
"Optional Redemption Date" in the Table 
below: 
 
 
Optional Redemption Date 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]] 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary) 
 
(B) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[⚫] per Security] [In respect of an Optional 
Redemption Date, the amount per Security 
specified 
under 
the 
heading 
"Optional 
Redemption Amount" in the Table in item 
14(i)(A) above] 
 
(C) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
I. 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[⚫] per Security 
 
II. 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[⚫] per Security 
 
(D) 
Notice period: 
[As set out in the General Conditions] [Not less 
than [⚫] Business Days] 
 
 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are 
different to those provided in the General 
Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example clearing 
systems (which require a minimum of 5 business 
days' notice for a call) and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and 
the Fiscal Agent) 
 
(ii) 
Investor Put 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[[ ⚫]] [Each date set out under the heading 
"Optional Redemption Date" in the Table 
below: 
 
 
Optional Redemption Date 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]]

--- Page 1117 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1089 
 
 
 
(Repeat as necessary) 
 
(B) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[⚫] per Security] [In respect of an Optional 
Redemption Date, the amount per Security 
specified 
under 
the 
heading 
"Optional 
Redemption Amount" in the Table in item 
14(ii)(A) above] 
 
(C) 
Notice period: 
[As set out in the General Conditions] [Not less 
than [⚫] Business Days] 
 
 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are 
different to those provided in the General 
Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities of distribution of information 
through intermediaries, for example clearing 
systems (which require a minimum of 15 
business days' notice for a put) and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements which 
may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Fiscal Agent) 
 
(iii) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Mandatory Early Redemption Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this sub-section) 
 
(A) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Event: 
[See the Schedule attached hereto/specify] 
 
(B) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Amount(s): 
[See the Schedule attached hereto/See Table 
below 
under 
the 
heading 
"MER 
Amount"/specify in respect of a Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date and a Calculation 
Amount] 
 
(C) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Date(s): 
[See the Schedule attached hereto/See Table 
below under the heading "MER Date"/specify] 
 
(D) 
Specified Valuation Date(s): 
[Specify in respect of a Mandatory Early 
Redemption Date] [See Table below under the 
heading "Specified MER Valuation Date(s)"] 
[[Each] such Valuation Date shall be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with [the provisions 
of 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 
2/specify].] [[In respect of an Underlying, 
each/Each] Scheduled Trading Day for [the/all 
the/such] 
Underlying[s] 
during 
[specify 
period].] [The provisions of Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(c) [and Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(d)] shall not apply in 
respect of [each] such Specified Valuation 
Date]

--- Page 1118 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1090 
 
 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this sub-section) 
 
General: 
 
 
(A) 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
Strike Level, Specified MER 
Valuation 
Date, 
Specified 
MER Upper Barrier Event 
Valuation Date, Lower MER 
Barrier Level, Upper MER 
Barrier Level, Barrier Level, 
Specified 
MER 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date, 
MER 
Amount, Upper Mandatory 
Early Redemption Amount and 
Lower 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount, 
MERPR, 
MERPR 
Call, 
MERPR Put, MER Date (as 
relevant): 
See Table below 
 
(B) 
Specified Mandatory Early 
Redemption Strike Date: 
[Insert as appropriate – For the purpose of 
determining [whether a MER Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked MER 
Redemption Amount [if a MER Redemption 
Barrier Event has [not] occurred]:] [Not 
Applicable][ ⚫] [and [ ⚫]]] [[ ⚫] Scheduled 
Trading Days prior to [ ⚫]] each Scheduled 
Trading Day for the relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying which is not a 
Disrupted Day for that Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying from [(and including)] 
[(but excluding)] [⚫] to [(but excluding) [(and 
including)] [⚫]] (where a different Specified 
Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Date 
applies for any Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying, specify for each Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying) 
 
 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Underlying(s) relevant to Mandatory 
Early Redemption, Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance Provisions 
and levels of the Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying(s) 
 
 
(A) 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying: 
[[ ⚫]][The Underlyings specified in item 12 
above] [and [each] such Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying shall be an Mandatory 
Early Redemption Outperformance [A/B] 
Underlying (specify for each Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying where Outperformance 
Provisions apply in respect of the Mandatory 
Early Redemption Performance Provisions)]

--- Page 1119 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1091 
 
 
(B) 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
Barrier Underlying(s): 
[The 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Underlying/All 
of 
the 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Underlyings/Any Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying/The Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Performance 
Underlying/Each 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying 
(subject to a minimum of [⚫] Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlyings)] 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Single Underlying Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] for the purpose of 
determining [whether a MER Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked MER 
Redemption Amount [if a MER Redemption 
Barrier Event has [not] occurred]:] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1120 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1092 
 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
 
(B) 
Weighted Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a MER Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked MER 
Redemption Amount [if a MER Redemption 
Barrier Event has [not] occurred]:] 
 
 
(repeat and complete this subparagraph as 
necessary in respect of each MER Barrier Event 
and Performance-Linked MER Redemption 
Amount (denoted with a suffix, as applicable)) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Rainbow Weighting: 
[Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined 
as set out below: 
 
 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying with 
highest (or equal highest) Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance for that Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying with [
⚫] highest (or [ ⚫] equal [highest/lowest]) 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance for 
that Mandatory Early Redemption Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
(complete for each relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying) 
 
 
 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying with 
lowest (or equal lowest) Mandatory Early 
Redemption Performance for that Mandatory 
Early Redemption Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
/Not Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined as set 
out below: 
 
 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
(complete for each relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Underlying) 
 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
II. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1121 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1093 
 
 
V. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable –  [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable –  [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable –  [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Best of Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a MER Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked MER 
Redemption Amount [if a MER Redemption 
Barrier Event has [not] occurred] [where Nth 
means (specify)]: [(i.e., the highest)]] 
 
 
(repeat and complete this subparagraph as 
necessary in respect of each MER Barrier Event 
and Performance-Linked MER Redemption 
Amount (denoted with a suffix, as applicable)) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1122 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1094 
 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
 
VI. Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Worst of Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a MER Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked MER 
Redemption Amount [if a MER Redemption 
Barrier Event has [not] occurred] [where Nth 
means (specify)]: [(i.e., the lowest)] 
 
 
(repeat and complete this subparagraph as 
necessary in respect of each MER Barrier Event 
and Performance-Linked MER Redemption 
Amount (denoted with a suffix, as applicable)) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1123 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1095 
 
 
VII. Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Outperformance Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose of 
determining [whether a MER Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and] [the Performance-Linked MER 
Redemption Amount [if a MER Redemption 
Barrier Event has [not] occurred]:] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance 
Provisions 
for 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
Outperformance A Underlying: 
 
 
I. 
Single 
Underlying 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Weighted 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 1124 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1096 
 
 
Rainbow Weighting: 
[Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined 
as set out below: 
 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance A Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance 
A Underlying with highest (or equal highest) 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance for 
that Mandatory Early Redemption Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance 
A Underlying with [⚫] highest (or [⚫] equal 
[highest/lowest]) Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance 
for 
that 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
(complete for each relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Outperformance A Underlying) 
 
 
 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance 
A Underlying with lowest (or equal lowest) 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance for 
that Mandatory Early Redemption Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
Not Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be 
determined as set out below: 
 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance A Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
(complete for each relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Outperformance A Underlying) 
 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
Maximum Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1125 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1097 
 
 
III. 
Best 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Worst 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1126 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1098 
 
 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance 
Provisions 
for 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
Outperformance B Underlying: 
 
 
I. 
Single 
Underlying 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Weighted 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Rainbow Weighting: 
[Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be determined 
as set out below: 
 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance B Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance 
B Underlying with highest (or equal highest) 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance for 
that Mandatory Early Redemption Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance 
B Underlying with [⚫] highest (or [⚫] equal 
[highest/lowest]) Mandatory Early Redemption 
Performance 
for 
that 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Date] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
(complete for each relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Outperformance B Underlying) 
 
 
 
[Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance 
B Underlying with lowest (or equal lowest) 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance for 
that Mandatory Early Redemption Date] 
[⚫]%

--- Page 1127 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1099 
 
 
 
/Not Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be 
determined as set out below: 
 
 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Outperformance B Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
(complete for each relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Outperformance B Underlying) 
 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
Maximum Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Best 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1128 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1100 
 
 
Maximum Outperf B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Worst 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum Outperf B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Provisions relating to levels of 
the 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Underlying(s) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Initial 
Level: 
[Insert as appropriate - For the purpose of 
determining [whether a MER Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and/,] [MER Performance Amount] 
[and] 
[the 
Performance-Linked 
MER 
Redemption Amount [if a MER Redemption 
Barrier Event has [not] occurred]:] [Closing 
Level on Mandatory Early Redemption Strike 
Date/Closing 
Level 
on 
MER 
Re-Strike 
Date/Arithmetic Average Closing Level on 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Strike 
Dates/Lowest Closing Level on Mandatory 
Early Redemption Strike Dates/Lowest Intra-
day Level on Mandatory Early Redemption 
Strike 
Dates/Highest 
Closing 
Level 
on 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Strike 
Dates/Highest Intra-day Level on Mandatory 
Early Redemption Strike Dates/(specify, in

--- Page 1129 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1101 
 
table form, where appropriate, for each 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying)]  
 
 
(if no pre-determined level is specified, then 
Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Dates will 
need to be included) 
 
 
(repeat as necessary in respect of each MER 
Barrier Event and Performance-Linked MER 
Redemption Amount (denoted with a suffix, as 
applicable)) 
 
(B) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Reference 
Level: 
[Insert as appropriate - For the purpose of 
determining [whether a MER Barrier Event has 
occurred] [and/,] [MER Performance Amount] 
[and] 
[the 
Performance-Linked 
MER 
Redemption Amount [if a MER Redemption 
Barrier Event has [not] occurred] [and] [[I/i]n 
respect of [insert relevant MER Underlying]:]:] 
[Closing 
Level 
on 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Date/Arithmetic 
Average Closing Level on Mandatory Early 
Redemption Valuation Dates/Lowest Closing 
Level 
on 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation Dates/Lowest Intra-day Level on 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation 
Dates/Highest Closing Level on Mandatory 
Early Redemption Valuation Dates/Highest 
Intra-day 
Level 
on 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Valuation Dates [Not Applicable]] 
(repeat and complete this subparagraph as 
necessary in respect of each MER Barrier Event 
and Performance-Linked MER Redemption 
Amount (denoted with a suffix, as applicable)) 
 
Provisions 
relating 
to 
a 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
Barrier Event  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
Barrier Event: 
[Insert if appropriate – In respect of [Insert 
relevant MER Underlying and/or Mandatory 
Early Redemption Barrier Event]:] [Not 
Applicable/Applicable – [Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
European 
Observation/Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
European 
Performance 
Observation/Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
American 
Performance 
Observation/Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier Event American Observation – Closing 
Level/Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Event American Observation – Intra-Day 
Level/Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Event American One-Touch Observation – 
Closing Level/Mandatory Early Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
American 
One-Touch 
Observation 
– 
Intra-Day 
Level/Target 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event 
and, for which purpose:

--- Page 1130 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1102 
 
 
 
Target Mandatory Early Redemption 
(Capped) Provisions: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
Target Mandatory Early Redemption 
Threshold Amount: (specify aggregate 
amount in respect of all Interest 
Payment Dates and a Calculation 
Amount)]]] (repeat and complete this 
subparagraph as necessary in respect 
of each MER Barrier Event (denoted 
with a suffix, as applicable)) 
 
Provisions 
relating 
to 
a 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
Upper Barrier Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Upper 
Barrier Event:  
[Insert if appropriate – In respect of [Insert 
relevant MER Underlying]:] [Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
European 
Performance 
Observation/Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Upper Barrier Event European 
Observation]] 
 
(B) 
MER 
Upper 
Barrier 
Percentage: 
[Applicable - [greater than] [greater than or 
equal to] [less than] [less than or equal to] [[⚫
]%] [of [the Mandatory Early Redemption 
Initial Level of the relevant Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Underlying / [⚫] (specify, 
in table format, if appropriate, where different 
for different Mandatory Early Redemption 
Barrier Underlyings)]/Not Applicable] 
 
Provisions 
relating 
to 
the 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
Amount 
 
 
(A) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
due where MER Upper 
Barrier Percentage is 
Not Applicable: 
[The Performance-Linked Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount determined in accordance 
with the [Put] [Call] [Call Spread – Put Spread] 
[Twin Win] Option Provisions/See MER 
Amount in Table below/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
due where MER Upper 
Barrier Percentage is 
Applicable: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Upper Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[The Performance-Linked Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount determined in accordance 
with the [Put] [Call] [Call Spread – Put Spread] 
[Twin Win] Option Provisions/See Table 
below/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Lower 
Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[The Performance-Linked Mandatory Early 
Redemption Amount determined in accordance 
with the [Put] [Call] [Call Spread – Put Spread] 
[Twin Win] Option Provisions/See Table below 
Not Applicable]

--- Page 1131 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1103 
 
 
(C) 
Performance-Linked 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable  
(If Not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph)] 
 
Relevant 
Percentage: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred:][[⚫]/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Amount:  
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred:] [[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Minimum 
Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Amount:  
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred:] [[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Adjustment 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred: ] [[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Participation 
Rate: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred: ] [[⚫]/Not Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
II. 
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub paragraphs of this 
paragraph)] 
 
Maximum 
Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Amount:  
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred:] [[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Minimum 
Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Amount:  
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred:] [[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Participation 
Rate: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred: ] [[⚫]/Not Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary)

--- Page 1132 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1104 
 
 
III. 
Call Spread – Put 
Spread Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub paragraphs of this 
paragraph)] 
 
Call Cap: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred:] [⚫]] 
 
 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Put Cap: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred:] [⚫] 
 
 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Call Floor: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred:] [⚫] 
 
 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Put Floor:  
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred:] [⚫] 
 
Global 
Participation 
Rate: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred:] [⚫] 
 
Minimum 
Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred:] [⚫] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Maximum 
Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred:][⚫] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Adjustment 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred:] [[⚫]/] 
 
 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Participation 
Rate Call: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred:] [[⚫]/] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Participation 
Rate Put: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred:] [[⚫]/] 
(repeat as necessary)

--- Page 1133 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1105 
 
 
IV. 
Twin 
Win 
Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub paragraphs of this 
paragraph)] 
 
Minimum 
Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred:] [[⚫]]/Not Applicable] 
 
Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Adjustment 
Amount: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred:] [[⚫]]/] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
Mandatory Early 
Redemption 
Participation 
Rate: 
[Insert as appropriate – If a Mandatory Early 
Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred: ] [[⚫]]/Not Applicable] 
(repeat as necessary) 
 
[Include the following if either Mandatory Early Redemption Event or Mandatory Early 
Redemption Barrier Event are specified as applicable] 
 
Mandatory Early Redemption 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Valuation 
Disruption 
(Scheduled 
Trading 
Days): 
[Move in Block/Value What You Can/Not 
Applicable][The provisions of Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(c)[(i)] (Adjustments to 
Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading Days)) 
[apply/do not apply.] 
 
 
[Modified 
Following/Preceding 
Scheduled 
Trading Day] (specify for a Rate only and where 
the provisions of Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 2(c) (Adjustments to Valuation Dates 
(Scheduled Trading Days)) do not apply to that 
Rate) 
 
(B) 
Valuation 
Disruption 
(Disrupted Days): 
[Move in Block/Value What You Can/Not 
Applicable/[⚫]]] [The provisions of Valuation 
and Settlement Condition 2(d)[(i)] (Adjustments 
to Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days and 
Underlying Closing Levels)) [apply/do not 
apply]] 
 
(C) 
Valuation Roll: 
[⚫]]/[Eight] [Not Applicable] 
(If no Valuation Roll is stated, Specified 
Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal to 
eight)

--- Page 1134 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1106 
 
TABLE 
MER 
Strike 
Level 
Specified MER 
Valuation 
Date(s) 
Specified MER 
Upper Barrier 
Event 
Valuation Date 
[Lower 
/ 
Upper] 
MER 
Barrier Level 
(%) 
Specified MER 
Barrier 
Observation 
Date  
MER 
Amount/Upper 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
And 
Lower 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
MERPR (%) 
MER Date 
[Insert 
as 
appropriate 
- 
For the purpose 
of determining 
[whether a MER 
Barrier 
Event 
has 
occurred] 
[and] 
[the 
Performance-
Linked 
MER 
Redemption 
Amount [if a 
MER 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
has 
[not] 
occurred]:] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[[⚫]]] 
[MER 
Initial 
Level] 
(specify for each 
MER 
Underlying 
where different) 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[[⚫]]] 
[[⚫] Scheduled 
Trading 
Days 
prior to [⚫]] 
[Each 
Scheduled 
Trading Day for 
the 
MER 
Underlying 
which is not a 
Disrupted Day 
for the MER 
Underlying 
from 
[(and 
including)] 
[(but 
excluding)] [⚫] 
to 
[(but 
excluding)] 
[(and 
including)] [ ⚫
]] 
[Not Applicable] 
[[⚫]] 
[[Each] 
[Any]Scheduled 
Trading Day [for 
all 
the 
MER 
Underlyings 
which is not a 
Disrupted 
Day 
[for any MER 
Underlying] 
from 
[(and 
including)] [(but 
excluding)] [⚫] 
to 
[(but 
excluding)] 
[(and including)] 
[⚫]] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[[⚫]] 
[Insert 
as 
appropriate 
- 
For the purpose 
of determining 
[whether a MER 
Barrier 
Event 
has 
occurred] 
[and] 
[the 
Performance-
Linked 
MER 
Redemption 
Amount [if a 
MER 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
has 
[not] 
occurred]:] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[[⚫]] 
[[⚫] Scheduled 
Trading 
Days 
prior to [⚫]] 
[Each 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
[for all the MER 
Barrier 
Underlyings] 
which is not a 
Disrupted Day 
[for any MER 
Barrier 
Underlying] 
from 
[(and 
including)] [(but 
excluding)] [⚫] 
to 
[(but 
excluding)] 
[(and 
including)] [⚫]] 
[Not Applicable] 
[⚫]]  
[(subject to a 
Maximum 
Amount (cap) of 
[ ⚫
]] 
[and] 
[subject 
to 
a 
Minimum 
Amount (floor) 
of [⚫]] 
[Insert 
as 
appropriate 
- 
For the purpose 
of determining 
[whether a MER 
Barrier 
Event 
has 
occurred] 
[and] 
[the 
Performance-
Linked 
MER 
Redemption 
Amount [if a 
MER 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
has 
[not] 
occurred]:] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[[⚫]] 
[[⚫] being the 
MERPR 
Call 
and [⚫] being 
the 
MERPR 
Put] 
[⚫] 
[adjusted 
in 
accordance with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/ 
not 
adjusted] 
[where 
EMTA 
provisions 
are 
applicable 
in 
respect of any 
FX Rate: or, if 
later, 
the 
Number 
of 
Settlement 
Business Days 
following 
the 
[last occurring] 
MER Valuation 
Date relating to 
such 
MER 
Date] 
(specify for each MER date where relevant and delete the relevant column if not applicable) (repeat this Table and/or the applicable columns as 
necessary where there are different MER events occurring in respect of different MER dates resulting in different MER amounts payable) 
 
(iv) 
Redemption Amount: 
[[⚫] per Security/See item (v) below] 
 
(v) 
Underlying 
Linked 
Securities 
Redemption Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph or, if the 
Securities are Preference Share Linked 
Securities, delete all the following sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph except the sub 
paragraph entitled "Provision relating to the 
Preference 
Share-Linked 
Redemption 
Amount in respect of Preference Share 
Linked Securities")

--- Page 1135 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1107 
 
 
Other Redemption Amount / Entitlement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this sub-section) 
 
(A) 
Redemption 
Amount 
for 
Underlying Linked Securities: 
[See the Schedule attached hereto/[specify] 
per Security] 
 
(B) 
Specified Valuation Date(s): 
[Specify] [[Each] such date shall be subject to 
adjustment [as provided in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2/specify]] [[In respect 
of an Underlying, e/E]ach Scheduled 
Trading 
Day 
for 
[the/all 
the/such] 
Underlying[s] during [specify period].  The 
provisions of Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 
2(c) 
[and 
Valuation 
and 
Settlement Condition 2(d)] shall not apply in 
respect of [each] such Specified Valuation 
Date] 
 
(C) 
Physical Delivery: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
paragraphs of this sub-section) 
 
I. 
Settlement 
via 
Intermediary: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - For which 
purpose 
the 
Intermediary 
is 
[[The 
Calculation Agent] / [[ ⚫]] [Insert contact 
details for delivery of Asset Transfer Notice]]  
 
II. 
Entitlement: 
Entitlement per Security is [specify] 
 
III. 
Equivalent Amount: 
[As defined in Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 1.1(c)(iv)] [Equivalent Amount 
per Security is [specify]] 
 
IV. 
Relevant Asset(s): 
[The relevant assets to which the Securities 
relate [is/are] [specify]] 
 
V. 
Delivery Method and 
details 
required 
for 
delivery 
using 
such 
Delivery Method: 
[Specify] [As set out in Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 5] 
 
VI. 
Failure to Deliver due to 
Illiquidity 
(Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 5(a)(F)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Aggregation 
of 
Entitlements: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Cash Adjustment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[For the purposes of Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 5(a)(ii)(D), the "Final 
Reference 
Level 
of 
the 
Entitlement 
Underlying" shall be [[the Underlying 
Closing Level] of the [relevant] Underlying 
on [specify]/specify other]]

--- Page 1136 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1108 
 
Tradeable Amount: [1/specify for each 
Relevant 
Asset] 
[Share/Depositary 
Receipt/ETF 
Share/Mutual 
Fund 
Interest/specify] 
 
IX. 
Entitlement Calculation 
Rounding Convention: 
[⚫] decimal places 
 
[Include the following if "Other Redemption Amount/Entitlement" is not applicable and 
the Redemption Amount and/or Entitlement will be determined in accordance with 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 1.7(a)] 
 
Dates 
 
 
(A) 
Specified Redemption Barrier 
Observation Date: 
[[Insert as appropriate - For the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] 
Barrier Event has occurred] [and] [the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount 
[if a Redemption Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred]:] [[⚫]]] [[⚫] Scheduled Trading 
Days prior to [⚫]] [Each Scheduled Trading 
Day [for all the Redemption Underlyings] 
which is not a Disrupted Day [for any 
Redemption 
Underlying] 
from 
[(and 
including)] [(but excluding)] [ ⚫] to [(but 
excluding)] [(and including)][ ⚫]]] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(repeat and complete this sub-paragraph as 
necessary) 
 
(B) 
Specified Final Valuation Date: 
[Insert as applicable - [In respect of [insert 
relevant 
Redemption 
Underlying, 
Redemption Barrier Event or Performance 
Linked Interest Amount]:] [[ ⚫]] [[ ⚫] 
Scheduled Trading Days prior to [ ⚫]] 
[Expiry Date] 
 
 
(repeat and complete this sub-paragraph as 
necessary) 
 
 
(specify "Expiry Date" for Securities linked 
to Dividend Futures Contracts where the 
Relevant Price for the Specified Final 
Valuation Date is specified to be the "final 
settlement price" in item 12(ii) above) 
 
(C) 
Specified Redemption Strike 
Date: 
[[Insert as applicable - [In respect of [insert 
relevant 
Redemption 
Underlying, 
Redemption Barrier Event or Performance 
Linked Interest Amount]:] [Not Applicable/[[
⚫]] [[⚫] [and [⚫]] [[⚫] Scheduled Trading 
Days prior to [⚫]]/ Each Scheduled Trading 
Day for the relevant Redemption Underlying 
which is not a Disrupted Day for that 
Redemption 
Underlying 
from 
[(and 
including)] [(but excluding)] [ ⚫] to [(but 
excluding)] [(and including)] [ ⚫]]] [Not 
Applicable] (where a different Specified 
Redemption Strike Date applies for any 
Redemption 
Underlying, 
Redemption

--- Page 1137 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1109 
 
Barrier Event and/or Performance Linked 
Redemption Amount, repeat and specify for 
each Redemption Underlying, Redemption 
Barrier Event and/or Performance Linked 
Redemption Amount, as appropriate)] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
[See also Market Timer Redemption Strike 
Date(s) below] 
 
Underlying(s) relevant to redemption, 
Final Performance provisions and levels 
of the Redemption Underlying(s) 
 
 
(A) 
Redemption Underlying: 
[⚫] [and such Redemption Underlying shall 
be 
A 
Final 
Outperformance 
[A/B] 
Underlying (specify for each Redemption 
Underlying 
where 
Outperformance 
Provisions apply in respect of the Final 
Performance Provisions)] (repeat for each 
Redemption Underlying, as appropriate) 
 
(B) 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Underlying(s): 
[⚫] [The Redemption Underlying/All of the 
Redemption Underlyings/Any Redemption 
Underlying/The 
Final 
Performance 
Underlying][Specify 
Underlying(s)][Not 
Applicable] 
 
Final Performance Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable](If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Single Underlying Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose 
of determining [whether a Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has occurred] [and] 
[the 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption 
Amount [if a Redemption Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred]:] (repeat and complete this 
subparagraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1138 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1110 
 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Final 
Performance 
Adjustment Percentage: 
[Applicable – [+/-][⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
Weighted Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose 
of determining [whether a Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has occurred] [and] 
[the 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption 
Amount [if a Redemption Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred]:] (repeat and complete this 
subparagraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Rainbow Weighting: 
[Applicable. 
Therefore 
Wn 
shall 
be 
determined as set out below: 
 
 
Redemption Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[Redemption Underlying with highest (or 
equal highest) Final Performance] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[Redemption Underlying with [⚫] highest (or 
[
⚫
] 
equal 
[highest/lowest]) 
Final 
Performance] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
(complete for each relevant Redemption 
Underlying) 
 
 
 
[Redemption Underlying with lowest (or 
equal lowest) Final Performance] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
/Not Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be 
determined as set out below: 
 
 
Redemption UnderlyingWn 
Wn 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
(complete for each relevant Redemption 
Underlying)

--- Page 1139 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1111 
 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
II. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Final 
Performance 
Adjustment Percentage: 
[Applicable – [+/-][⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(C) 
Best of Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose 
of determining [whether a Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has occurred] [and] 
[the 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption 
Amount [if a Redemption Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred] where Nth means (specify) 
[(i.e., the highest)]] (repeat and complete this 
subparagraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1140 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1112 
 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Worst of Basket Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose 
of determining [whether a Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has occurred] [and] 
[the 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption 
Amount [if a Redemption Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred] where Nth means (specify)] 
[(i.e., the lowest)] (repeat and complete this 
subparagraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1141 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1113 
 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event): 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Outperformance Observation: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose 
of determining [whether a Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has occurred] [and] 
[the 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption 
Amount [if a Redemption Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred]:] (repeat and complete this 
subparagraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Final Performance Provisions for Final 
Outperformance A Underlying: 
 
 
I. 
Single 
Underlying 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable](If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
A (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1142 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1114 
 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
A (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Weighted 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Rainbow Weighting: 
[Applicable. 
Therefore 
Wn 
shall 
be 
determined as set out below: 
 
 
Final Outperformance A Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[Final Outperformance A Underlying with 
highest (or equal highest) Final Performance] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[Final Outperformance A Underlying with [⚫
] highest (or [⚫] equal [highest/lowest]) Final 
Performance] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
(complete 
for 
each 
relevant 
Final 
Outperformance A Underlying) 
 
 
 
[Final Outperformance A Underlying with 
lowest (or equal lowest) Final Performance] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
(complete 
for 
each 
relevant 
Final 
Outperformance A Underlying) 
 
 
 
Final Outperformance A Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
(complete 
for 
each 
relevant 
Final 
Outperformance A Underlying) 
 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
A (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1143 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1115 
 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
A (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Best 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
A (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
A (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Worst 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
A: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1144 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1116 
 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
A (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
A 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
A (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Final Performance Provisions 
for Final Outperformance B 
Underlying: 
 
 
I. 
Single 
Underlying 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
B (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
B (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Weighted 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 1145 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1117 
 
 
Rainbow Weighting: 
[Applicable. 
Therefore 
Wn 
shall 
be 
determined as set out below: 
 
 
Final Outperformance B Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[Final Outperformance B Underlying with 
highest (or equal highest) Final Performance] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[Final Outperformance B Underlying with [⚫
] highest (or [⚫] equal [highest/lowest]) Final 
Performance] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
(complete 
for 
each 
relevant 
Final 
Outperformance B Underlying) 
 
 
 
[Final Outperformance B Underlying with 
lowest (or equal lowest) Final Performance] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
/Not Applicable. Therefore Wn shall be 
determined as set out below: 
 
 
Final Outperformance B Underlying 
Wn 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
 
(complete 
for 
each 
relevant 
Final 
Outperformance B Underlying) 
 
 
 
[⚫] 
[⚫]% 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
B (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
B (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Best 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1146 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1118 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
B (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
B (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Worst 
of 
Basket 
Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
B: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
B (Barrier Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
Maximum 
Final 
Outperf 
B 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1147 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1119 
 
 
Minimum Final Outperf 
B (Barrier Event Not 
Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]  
 
(F) 
Arithmetic Mean Underlying 
Return: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose 
of determining [whether a Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has occurred] [and] 
[the 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption 
Amount [if a Redemption Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred]:] (repeat and complete this 
subparagraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
V. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IX. 
Final 
Performance 
Adjustment Percentage: 
[Applicable – [+/-][⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
X. 
Underlying 
Return 
(Final) Provisions: 
 
 
Maximum Underlying 
Return (Final): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1148 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1120 
 
 
Minimum Underlying 
Return (Final): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]  
 
Single Cap – Single 
Valuation Date: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable:  
Single Cap: [⚫]] 
 
Single Floor – Single 
Valuation Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable: 
Single Floor: [⚫]] 
 
Single Cap – Multiple 
Valuation Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable:  
Single Cap: [⚫]] 
 
Single Floor – Multiple 
Valuation Date: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable:  
Single Floor: [⚫]]]  
 
Single Target: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable: 
 
 
[[equal to or less than] [equal to or greater 
than] [less than] [greater than] (select one) 
 
 
Single 
Target 
Underlying 
Redemption 
Threshold Percentage: [⚫]% 
 
 
Single 
Target 
Underlying 
Redemption 
Performance Percentage: [⚫]%] 
 
 
[Single 
Target 
Redemption 
(Barrier): 
[Barrier Event Satisfaction Required] [and] 
[Barrier Event Satisfaction Not Required] 
 
 
[Single Target Underlying Redemption 
Performance (Barrier Event [Not] Satisfied) 
Percentage: [⚫]] (repeat if necessary) 
 
Oasis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[If applicable insert: 
 
 
Oasis – [Best Performing Only] [Multiple 
Best Performing] 
 
 
[Oasis 
Final 
Underlying 
Performance 
Percentage: [⚫]%] 
 
 
[Insert and complete following table if Oasis 
– Multiple Best Performing applies:

--- Page 1149 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1121 
 
 
 
 
Best Oasis Performer 
Oasis Final Underlying 
Performance 
Percentage 
 
 
1 
Best Oasis Performer 1 
[⚫]% 
 
 
2 
Best Oasis Performer 2 
[⚫]% 
 
 
 
(repeat for each Best 
Oasis 
Performer, 
as 
appropriate, up to Best 
Oasis Performer X) 
 
 
 
[X] 
Best Oasis Performer [X] [⚫]% 
 
 
 
 
(G) 
Cliquet: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose 
of determining [whether a Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has occurred] [and] 
[the 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption 
Amount [if a Redemption Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred]:] (repeat and complete this 
subparagraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Cliquet 
Underlying 
Return: 
[Sum of Underlying Return Cliquet (Final)] 
[Product of Underlying Return Cliquet 
(Final)] 
 
 
[Period Performance Less Cliquet Return – 
Sum (Final)] 
 
 
[Absolute Period Performance Less Cliquet 
Return – Sum (Final)] 
 
 
[Period Performance Less Cliquet Return – 
Product (Final)] 
 
 
[Absolute Period Performance Less Cliquet 
Return – Product (Final)] 
 
 
[Cliquet Return Less Period Performance – 
Sum (Final)] 
 
 
[Cliquet Return Less Absolute Period 
Performance – Sum (Final)] 
 
 
[Cliquet Return Less Period Performance – 
Product (Final)] 
 
 
[Cliquet Return Less Absolute Period 
Performance – Product (Final)] 
 
 
[Insert if Period Performance is applicable: 
 
 
[Final Period Performance [1/2/3] applies[, 
subject to a [Maximum Final Period 
Performance] [and] [Minimum Final Period 
Performance] [of [ ⚫]%] [and [ ⚫]]%, 
respectively].

--- Page 1150 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1122 
 
 
 
D is equal to [⚫]].] 
 
 
C is equal to [⚫]] per cent. 
 
II. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]  
 
III. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]  
 
IV. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]  
 
V. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]  
 
VI. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]  
 
VII. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]  
 
VIII. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]  
 
IX. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]  
 
X. 
Cliquet 
Final 
Performance Floor: 
[Not Applicable] [Applicable – [Cliquet 
Final Performance Floor/Global Lock-in 
Floor]] 
[Insert the following if Cliquet Final 
Performance Floor applies: 
 
 
Cliquet Final Performance Sum Integer: 
[Highest (or equal highest) [positive] integer] 
[Lowest (or equal lowest) [positive[ integer] 
 
 
[greater than] [greater than or equal to] [less 
than] [less than or equal to] 
 
 
Cliquet Final Performance Sum Multiple: [⚫
] [Not Applicable]] 
 
 
[Insert if Global Lock-in Floor applies:

--- Page 1151 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1123 
 
 
 
[greater than] [greater than or equal to] [less 
than] [less than or equal to] 
 
 
Global Lock-in Floor Trigger Level: [⚫] 
 
 
Global Lock-in Floor Percentage: [⚫]]]  
 
XI. 
Cliquet 
Underlying 
Return 
(Final) 
Provisions: 
[Not Applicable] (delete remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph if N/A) 
[Cliquet A (Final)] [Cliquet B (Final)] 
[Cliquet C (Final)] [Cliquet A Absolute 
(Final)] [Cliquet B Absolute (Final)] [Cliquet 
C Absolute (Final)] 
 
 
[Insert if applicable and Cliquet B (Final) or 
Cliquet B Absolute (Final) applies: 
 
 
[Cliquet B Highest (Final) applies.  
 
 
U means [⚫]. 
 
 
Number of 
Specified 
Cliquet Final 
Valuation 
Period: 
Relevant 
Specified 
Cliquet Final 
Valuation 
Dates: 
Relevant 
Cliquet B 
Highest Return 
Redemption 
Decimal: 
 
 
1 
[insert dates] 
[insert decimal] 
 
 
[repeat rows for 
each Specified 
Cliquet 
Final 
Valuation 
Period if more 
than 1 applies]] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[Cliquet B Lowest (Final) applies. 
 
 
U means [⚫]. 
 
 
Number of 
Specified 
Cliquet Final 
Valuation 
Period: 
Relevant 
Specified 
Cliquet Final 
Valuation 
Dates: 
Relevant 
Cliquet B 
Highest Return 
Redemption 
Decimal: 
 
 
1 
[insert date] 
[Insert decimal] 
 
 
[repeat rows for 
each Specified 
Cliquet 
Final 
Valuation 
Period if more 
than 1 applies]] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[Insert if applicable and Cliquet C (Final) or 
Cliquet C Absolute (Final) applies: 
 
 
[greater than] [greater than or equal to] [less 
than] [less than or equal to] 
 
 
Cliquet C Redemption Target: [⚫]]

--- Page 1152 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1124 
 
 
 
Cliquet C Lock-in Redemption Decimal: [⚫]. 
 
 
[Insert if applicable: 
 
 
[Cliquet Underlying Return Redemption 
Cap: [⚫]] 
 
 
[Cliquet Underlying Return Redemption 
Floor: [⚫] 
 
(H) 
Himalaya Final Performance – 
Asian Observation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [for the purpose 
of determining [whether a Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has occurred] [and] 
[the 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption 
Amount [if a Redemption Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred]:] (repeat and complete this 
subparagraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
I. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage: 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]  
 
V. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]  
 
VII. 
Maximum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]  
 
VIII. 
Minimum 
Final 
Performance 
Percentage 
(Barrier 
Event Not Satisfied): 
[Applicable – [⚫]%/Not Applicable]  
 
IX. 
Best of/Worst of: 
Best of Himalaya Basket Observation:

--- Page 1153 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1125 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Worst of Himalaya Basket Observation: 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Provisions relating to levels of the 
Redemption Underlying(s) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Redemption Initial Level: 
[[Insert as appropriate - For the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] 
Barrier Event has occurred] [and] [the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount 
[if a Redemption Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred][:] [and] [[I/i]n respect of [insert 
relevant Redemption Underlying]:] [Closing 
Level on Redemption Strike Date/Arithmetic 
Average Closing Level on Redemption 
Strike Dates/Closing Level on Redemption 
Re-Strike Date FVD/Lowest Closing Level 
on Redemption Strike Dates/Lowest Intra-
day 
Level 
on 
Redemption 
Strike 
Dates/Highest Closing Level on Redemption 
Strike Dates/Highest Intra-day Level on 
Redemption Strike Dates/(specify (in table 
format, 
where 
appropriate) 
for 
each 
Redemption Underlying)]] [Not Applicable]  
 
 
(if no pre-determined level is specified, then 
Redemption Strike Dates will need to be 
included) 
 
 
(repeat this sub-paragraph, as necessary) 
 
(B) 
Final Reference Level: 
[Insert as appropriate - For the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] 
Barrier Event has occurred] [and] [the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount 
[if a Redemption Barrier Event has [not] 
occurred]:] [[I/i]n respect of [insert relevant 
Redemption Underlying]:] [Closing Level on 
Final Valuation Date/Arithmetic Average 
Closing 
Level 
on 
Final 
Valuation 
Dates/Lowest Closing Level on Final 
Valuation Dates/Lowest Intra-day Level on 
Final Valuation Dates/Highest Closing Level 
on Final Valuation Dates/Highest Intra-day 
Level on Final Valuation Dates] 
 
 
(repeat this sub paragraph, as necessary) 
 
(C) 
Redemption Strike Level: 
[[Insert as appropriate - For the purpose of 
determining [whether a Redemption [Upper] 
Barrier 
Event 
has 
occurred][and][the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount 
[if a Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event has 
[not] occurred] [and] [I/i]n respect of (insert 
relevant Redemption Underlying):] (repeat 
and 
complete 
this 
subparagraph 
as

--- Page 1154 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1126 
 
necessary) [Redemption Initial Level/[ ⚫
]]/The Redemption Strike Level specified for 
each Redemption Underlying below:  
 
 
Redemption Underlying 
Redemption Strike Level 
 
 
[⚫] 
[ ⚫] [Redemption Initial 
Level] 
 
 
(specify for each Redemption Underlying) 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
Provisions relating to a Redemption 
Barrier Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Redemption Barrier Event: 
[Insert if appropriate – In respect of [insert 
relevant Redemption Underlying]:] [Not 
Applicable/Applicable 
– 
[Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
European 
Observation/Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
European 
Performance 
Observation/Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
American 
Performance 
Observation/Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
American 
Observation 
– 
Closing 
Level/Redemption Barrier Event American 
Observation – Intra-Day Level/Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
American 
One-Touch 
Observation – Closing Level/Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
American 
One-Touch 
Observation 
– Intra-Day Level][Target 
Redemption Barrier Event and, for which 
purpose: 
 
 
Target 
Redemption 
Threshold 
Amount: [ ⚫] (specify aggregate 
amount in respect of all Interest 
Payment Dates and a Calculation 
Amount) 
 
 
[Include/Exclude] 
Any 
Interest 
Amount Due on Maturity Date]] 
 
 
["Sum of" applies] 
 
(B) 
Final Barrier Level: 
[greater than] [greater than or equal to] [less 
than] [less than or equal to] [[⚫]%] [greater 
than (or equal to)] [[⚫]%] [being the Lower 
Final Barrier Level] [being the Upper Final 
Barrier Level] [and] [or] [less than] [less than 
(or equal to)] [[⚫]%] [being the Upper Final 
Barrier Level] [being the Lower Final Barrier 
Level] [of [the [sum of the] Redemption 
Initial Level of the [relevant] Redemption 
Barrier Underlying[s] / [⚫] (specify, in table 
format, where appropriate, where different 
for 
different 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Underlyings)]]

--- Page 1155 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1127 
 
 
Provisions relating to the redemption 
amount due or entitlement deliverable 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Provisions applicable where Redemption 
Barrier Event is Not Applicable and the 
Redemption Amount is a Performance-
Linked Redemption Amount: 
[[Put] [Call] [Call Spread – Put Spread] 
[Twin Win] [Market timer] [Put Call Sum] 
Option] [Swaption]] 
 
Provisions applicable where Redemption 
Barrier Event is Applicable 
 
 
(A) 
Provisions applicable to Physical 
Delivery: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(N.B. If the Securities are Physical Delivery 
Securities, physical delivery of any Relevant 
Asset must be made in compliance with the 
provisions of the United States Securities Act 
of 1933, as amended and the Investment 
Company Act of 1940, as amended) 
 
I. 
Settlement 
via 
Intermediary: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – For which 
purpose 
the 
Intermediary 
is 
[[The 
Calculation Agent] / [[⚫]]] [Insert contact 
details for delivery of Asset Transfer Notice]]  
 
II. 
Failure to Deliver due 
to Illiquidity: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 
5(a)(F) 
(Failure 
to 
Deliver 
due 
to 
Illiquidity)) 
 
 
III. 
Aggregation 
of 
Entitlements: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
IV. 
Cash Adjustment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Tradeable Amount: [1/specify for each 
Relevant Asset] [Share] 
 
V. 
Entitlement Calculation 
Rounding Convention: 
[⚫] decimal places  
 
(B) 
Redemption 
Upper 
Barrier 
Event: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
[if applicable: 
 
 
[Redemption 
Barrier 
Event 
[Final 
Performance FPU] 
 
 
[Underlying Closing Level]

--- Page 1156 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1128 
 
 
 
[greater than or equal to][greater than] [less 
than or equal to][less than] 
 
 
The Specified Redemption Upper Barrier 
Event Valuation Date[s] will be [⚫] [[each 
[any] Scheduled Trading Day [for all the 
Redemption Barrier Underlyings] which is 
not a Disrupted Day [for any Redemption 
Barrier 
Underlying] 
from 
[(and 
including)][(but excluding)] [ ⚫] to [(and 
including)][(but excluding)][⚫]].  
 
(C) 
Redemption Amount due where 
no Redemption Barrier Event 
has occurred and no Redemption 
Upper Barrier Event is specified: 
[Applicable 
- [
⚫] per 
Security/the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with the [Put] 
[Call] [Call Spread - Put Spread] [Twin Win] 
[Market timer] [Put Call Sum] Option 
Provisions/Not 
Applicable] 
[repeat 
as 
applicable] 
 
(D) 
Redemption 
Upper 
Barrier 
Percentage: 
[[⚫]%/Not Applicable] 
[of the Redemption Strike Level for the 
[Redemption Barrier Underlying[s]][Final 
Performance 
Underlying[s]][Redemption 
Underlying[s]]] 
 
I. 
Upper 
Redemption 
Amount due where no 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event has occurred: 
[Applicable 
- [
⚫] per 
Security/the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with the [Put] 
[Call] [Call Spread - Put Spread] [Twin Win] 
[Market timer] [Put Call Sum] Option 
Provisions/Not Applicable] 
 
II. 
Lower 
Redemption 
Amount due where no 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Event has occurred: 
[Applicable - [ ⚫] per Security/ the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with the [Put] 
[Call] [Call Spread - Put Spread] [Twin Win] 
[Market timer] [Put Call Sum] Option 
Provisions/Not Applicable] 
 
(E) 
Redemption Amount due where 
a Redemption Barrier Event has 
occurred: 
[Applicable 
- [
⚫] per 
Security/the 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount 
determined in accordance with the [Put] 
[Call] [Call Spread - Put Spread] [Twin Win] 
[Market timer] [Pull Call Sum] Option 
Provisions] 
[Provisions 
applicable 
to 
Physical Delivery apply][Not Applicable] 
 
Performance-Linked 
Redemption 
Amount: 
 
 
Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
[Insert 
as 
appropriate: if a Redemption [Upper] Barrier 
Event [does not] occur[s]] 
 
 
(repeat item as necessary) (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
I. 
Relevant Percentage: 
[⚫]

--- Page 1157 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1129 
 
 
II. 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
III. 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable]  
 
IV. 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable]  
 
V. 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable]  
 
VI. 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable]  
 
VII. 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable]  
 
VIII. 
Final Participation Rate 
(FPR): 
[[⚫]/[if a Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event 
has occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption [Upper] 
Barrier Event has not occurred: [ ⚫].]/Not 
Applicable]  
 
IX. 
Redemption 
Adjustment 
[[⚫]/[if a Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event 
has occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption [Upper] 
Barrier Event has not occurred: [ ⚫].]/Not 
Applicable]  
 
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable][Insert 
as 
appropriate: if a Redemption [Upper] Barrier 
Event [does not] occur[s]]  
 
 
(repeat item as necessary) (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub paragraphs of this 
paragraph)] 
 
I. 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable]  
 
II. 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable]  
 
III. 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable]  
 
IV. 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable]  
 
V. 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
VI. 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable]

--- Page 1158 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1130 
 
 
VII. 
Final Participation Rate 
(FPR): 
[[⚫]/[if a Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event 
has occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption [Upper] 
Barrier Event has not occurred: [ ⚫].]/Not 
Applicable]  
 
VIII. 
Redemption 
Adjustment 
[[⚫]/[if a Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event 
has occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption [Upper] 
Barrier Event has not occurred: [ ⚫].]/Not 
Applicable]  
 
Call Spread – Put Spread Option: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable 
[Insert 
as 
appropriate: if a Redemption [Upper] Barrier 
Event [does not] occur[s]] 
 
 
(repeat item as necessary) (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub paragraphs of this 
paragraph)] 
 
I. 
Call Cap: 
[⚫]  
 
II. 
Put Cap: 
[⚫]  
 
III. 
Call Floor: 
[⚫]  
 
IV. 
Put Floor: 
[⚫]  
 
V. 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[⚫]  
 
VI. 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[⚫]  
 
VII. 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable]  
 
VIII. 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable]  
 
IX. 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable]  
 
X. 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable]  
 
XI. 
Final Participation Rate 
Call (FPR Call): 
[[ ⚫]%/[if a Redemption [Upper] Barrier 
Event has occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has not occurred: [⚫
].]/Not Applicable]]  
 
XII. 
Final Participation Rate 
Put (FPR Put): 
[[ ⚫]%/[if a Redemption [Upper] Barrier 
Event has occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has not occurred: [⚫
].]/Not Applicable]]  
 
XIII. 
Global 
Participation 
Rate 
[[ ⚫]%/[if a Redemption [Upper] Barrier 
Event has occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption

--- Page 1159 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1131 
 
[Upper] Barrier Event has not occurred: [⚫
].]/Not Applicable]]  
 
XIV. 
Redemption 
Adjustment: 
[[ ⚫]%/[if a Redemption [Upper] Barrier 
Event has occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has not occurred: [⚫
].]]/Not Applicable]  
 
Twin Win Option: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable 
[Insert 
as 
appropriate: if a Redemption [Upper] Barrier 
Event [does not] occur[s]] 
 
 
(repeat item as necessary) (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub paragraphs of this 
paragraph)] 
 
I. 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[⚫]  
 
II. 
Final Participation Rate 
(FPR): 
[[ ⚫]%/[if a Redemption [Upper] Barrier 
Event has occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has not occurred: [⚫
].]/Not Applicable]] 
 
III. 
Relevant Percentage: 
[⚫]  
 
IV. 
Redemption 
Adjustment: 
[[ ⚫]%/[if a Redemption [Upper] Barrier 
Event has occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption 
[Upper] Barrier Event has not occurred: [⚫
].]/Not Applicable]]  
 
Market Timer: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable 
[Insert 
as 
appropriate: if a Redemption [Upper] Barrier 
Event [does not] occur[s]] 
 
 
(repeat item as necessary) (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub paragraphs of this 
paragraph)] 
 
I. 
Specified Market Timer 
Redemption 
Strike 
Date(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[[⚫]] [[⚫] [and [⚫]] [[⚫] 
Scheduled Trading Days prior to [⚫]]/ Each 
Scheduled Trading Day for the relevant 
Redemption Underlying which is not a 
Disrupted 
Day 
for 
that 
Redemption 
Underlying from [(and including)][(but 
excluding)] [ ⚫] to [(and including)][(but 
excluding)] [⚫]] (where a different Specified 
Market Timer Redemption Strike Date 
applies for any Redemption Underlying, 
specify for each Redemption Underlying) 
 
II. 
Market 
Timer 
Redemption 
Initial 
Level: 
[Lowest Closing Level on Market Timer 
Redemption Strike Dates][Lowest Intra-day 
Level on Market Timer Redemption Strike 
Dates] 
(specify 
for 
each 
Redemption 
Underlying) 
 
III. 
Final Participation Rate 
(FPR): 
[[⚫]/[if a Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event 
has occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption [Upper] 
Barrier Event has not occurred: [⚫].]/ Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 1160 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1132 
 
 
IV. 
Maximum 
Market 
Timer Percentage: 
[[⚫]/[if a Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event 
has occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption [Upper] 
Barrier Event has not occurred: [⚫].]/ Not 
Applicable]  
 
V. 
Minimum 
Market 
Timer Percentage: 
[[⚫]/[if a Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event 
has occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption [Upper] 
Barrier Event has not occurred: [⚫].]/ Not 
Applicable]  
 
VI. 
Redemption 
Adjustment: 
[[⚫]/[if a Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event 
has occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption [Upper] 
Barrier Event has not occurred: [⚫].]/ Not 
Applicable] 
 
Put Call Sum: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable 
[Insert 
as 
appropriate: if a Redemption [Upper] Barrier 
Event [does not] occur[s]] 
 
 
(repeat item as necessary) (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub paragraphs of this 
paragraph)] 
 
I. 
Final Participation Rate 
(FPR): 
[[⚫]/[if a Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event 
has occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption [Upper] 
Barrier Event has not occurred: [⚫].]/ Not 
Applicable] 
 
II. 
Redemption 
Adjustment: 
[[⚫]/[if a Redemption [Upper] Barrier Event 
has occurred: [⚫].] [If a Redemption [Upper] 
Barrier Event has not occurred: [⚫].]/ Not 
Applicable]  
 
III. 
Relevant Percentage: 
[⚫]  
 
IV. 
Put Call Sum Floor: 
[[⚫]%]  
 
V. 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable]  
 
VI. 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable]  
 
VII. 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable]  
 
VIII. 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable]  
 
IX. 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable]  
 
X. 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount (Barrier Event 
Not Satisfied): 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable]  
 
Swaption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 1161 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1133 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Final Participation Rate (FPR): 
[⚫] 
 
(B) 
Annuity Factor: 
[+/-] [⚫] 
 
(C) 
Annuity Floor: 
[+/-] [⚫]% 
 
(D) 
t: 
[⚫] 
 
(E) 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[[⚫]/ Not Applicable] 
 
[Include the following if the Redemption Amount and/or Entitlement will be determined in 
accordance with Valuation and Settlement Condition 1.7(a) or 1.7(c)] 
 
Redemption 
Underlying 
Valuation 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Valuation Disruption (Scheduled 
Trading Days): 
[Move in Block/Value What You Can/Not 
Applicable][The provisions of Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(c)(i)) (Adjustments to 
Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading Days)) 
[apply/do not apply.] 
 
 
[Modified Following/Preceding Scheduled 
Trading Day] (specify for a Rate only and 
where the provisions of Valuation and 
Settlement Condition 2(c) (Adjustments to 
Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading Days)) 
do not apply to that Rate) 
 
(B) 
Valuation Disruption (Disrupted 
Days): 
[Move in Block/Value What You Can/Not 
Applicable/[⚫]] [The provisions of Valuation 
and 
Settlement 
Condition 
2(d)(i) 
(Adjustments to Valuation Dates (Disrupted 
Days and Underlying Closing Levels)) 
[apply/do not apply]]  
 
(C) 
Valuation Roll: 
[⚫]/[Eight] [Not Applicable] 
(If no Valuation Roll is stated, Specified 
Maximum Days of Disruption will be equal 
to eight) 
 
[Include the following if "Other Redemption Amount/Entitlement" is not applicable and the 
Redemption Amount will be determined in accordance with Valuation and Settlement 
Condition 1.7(b)] 
 
Provisions relating to the Preference 
Share-Linked Redemption Amount in 
respect of Preference Share Linked 
Securities 
[Applicable – The Securities are Preference 
Share Linked Securities] [Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) 
Redemption Underlying: 
The Underlying 
 
(B) 
Specified Final Valuation Date: 
[⚫] Business Days following the Preference 
Share Valuation Date

--- Page 1162 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1134 
 
15. 
FX Provisions: 
[Applicable in respect of the [Interest 
Provisions 
[and][the 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Provisions [and][the Underlying 
Linked 
Securities 
Redemption 
Provisions]/Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat 
paragraph as necessary) 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Quanto Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
FX: 
(specify rate for each relevant Underlying) 
 
(ii) 
Compo FX Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(A) 
Designated Page: 
[⚫]  
 
(B) 
Designated Time: 
[⚫]  
 
(C) 
Reciprocal Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(D) 
Cross Rate: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(if 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(A) Cross Rate A Currency/Cross 
Rate B Currency: 
[[⚫] (Cross Rate A Currency)/[⚫] (Cross Rate 
B Currency) [(expressed as the number of 
units of [⚫] for which one unit of [⚫] can be 
exchanged)] 
 
(B) Cross Rate I Designated Page: 
[⚫] 
 
(C) Cross Rate I Designated Time: 
[⚫] 
 
(D) Cross Rate A Currency/Cross 
Rate C Currency: 
[[⚫] (Cross Rate A Currency) / [⚫] (Cross 
Rate C Currency) [(expressed as the number 
of units of [⚫] for which one unit of [⚫] can 
be exchanged)] 
 
(E) Cross Rate II Designated Page: 
[⚫] 
 
(F) Cross Rate II Designated Time: 
[⚫] 
16. 
FX Performance: 
[Applicable and for which purpose the FX 
Perf Rate shall be [the Underlying designated 
as such in item 12(ii) above/determined as set 
out below and in the definition of FX 
Performance in the Valuation and Settlement 
Schedule]/Not Applicable]  
 
 
(repeat paragraph as necessary)  
 
 
(if not applicable or the FX Perf Rate is per 
item 12(ii), delete sub paragraphs below) 
 
(i) 
FX Perf A Currency/FX Perf B Currency: 
[[⚫] (FX Perf A Currency) / [⚫] (FX Perf B 
Currency) [(expressed as the number of units 
of [⚫] for which one unit of [ ⚫] can be 
exchanged)]/Not Applicable as FX Perf 
Cross Rate applies] (if Not Applicable, delete 
remaining sub-paragraphs)

--- Page 1163 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1135 
 
 
(A) 
Reciprocal Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(B) 
FX Perf Designated Page: 
[⚫]  
 
(C) 
FX Perf Designated Time: 
[⚫]  
 
(ii) 
FX Perf Cross Rate: 
 
 
(A) 
FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/ 
FX Perf Cross Rate B Currency: 
[[⚫] (FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency) / [⚫] 
(FX Perf Cross Rate B Currency) [(expressed 
as the number of units of [⚫] for which one 
unit of [⚫] can be exchanged)] 
 
(B) 
FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency/ 
FX Perf Cross Rate C Currency: 
[[⚫] (FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency) / [⚫] 
(FX Perf Cross Rate B Currency) [(expressed 
as the number of units of [⚫] for which one 
unit of [⚫] can be exchanged)] 
 
(C) 
FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated 
Page: 
[⚫]  
 
(D) 
FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated 
Time: 
[⚫]  
 
(E) 
FX 
Perf 
Cross 
Rate 
II 
Designated Page: 
[⚫]  
 
(F) 
FX 
Perf 
Cross 
Rate 
II 
Designated Time: 
[⚫]  
 
(iii) 
FX Perf Initial: 
[⚫] [As determined in accordance with the 
Conditions and the provisions hereof] 
 
(iv) 
Initial FX Perf Valuation Date: 
[⚫] (specify in respect of Interest, MER and 
Redemption, as required) [[last occurring] 
Specified 
[Interest][MER][Redemption] 
Strike Date (specify each as relevant where 
different dates apply)] 
 
(v) 
Final FX Perf Valuation Date: 
[⚫] (specify in respect of Interest, MER and 
Redemption, as required) [[last occurring] 
Specified [Interest][MER][Final] Valuation 
Date (specify each as relevant where 
different dates apply)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
17. 
Credit Linked Notes:  
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Type of Notes: 
[Single Name Credit Linked Notes][Nth-to-
Default Basket Credit Linked Notes][Linear 
Basket 
Credit 
Linked 
Notes][Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes][Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes][Portfolio 
Tranched 
Credit 
Linked 
Notes][Local 
Access Credit Linked Notes]

--- Page 1164 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1136 
 
 
(ii) 
[Credit Event Redemption Method: 
[Auction 
Redemption][Cash 
Redemption][Physical Redemption][Fixed 
Recovery Redemption] 
[- 
Fallback Redemption Method: 
[Cash 
Redemption][Physical 
Redemption][Not Applicable]]] (Delete this 
row if not applicable) 
(iii) 
[Risk Event Redemption Method: 
[LA 
Cash 
Redemption][LA 
Physical 
Redemption][LA 
Fixed 
Recovery 
Redemption]] (Delete this row if not 
applicable) 
(iv) 
[Fixed Recovery Percentage: 
[0 per cent.][[⚫] per cent.][100 per cent.]] 
(Delete this row if not applicable) 
(v) 
[Credit Payment following Credit Event: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]] (Delete this 
row if not applicable) 
(vi) 
[Credit Payment following Risk Event: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]] (Delete this 
row if not applicable) 
 
(vii) 
[Credit Payment on Maturity: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
[- 
Funding Interest Rate: 
[ ⚫] (Only include if 'Credit Payment on 
Maturity' is applicable)]] (Delete this row if 
not applicable) 
 
(viii) 
No Interest Accrual on Default: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Interest Accrual on Default: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Reference Entity: 
[Specify] 
(Where the Reference Entity is not a 
sovereign, include the following additional 
information*: 
the registered office of the Reference Entity 
or, if different from the registered office, its 
main administrative office; 
legislation governing the Reference Entity, 
and legal form which it has adopted under 
such legislation; 
the company objects of the Reference Entity; 
and 
name of the stock exchange or of another 
regulated 
market 
which is 
regularly 
operating, recognised and open to the public

--- Page 1165 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1137 
 
where the shares and other securities of the 
Reference Entity are admitted) 
- 
Seniority Level: 
[Senior 
Level]/[Subordinated 
Level]/[Senior Non-Preferred Level] 
- 
Standard Reference Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Where 
Applicable, 
specify 
Reference 
Obligation below if the fallback to a Non-
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation 
under 
paragraph (c) of the definition of "Reference 
Obligation" is to apply.) 
 
- 
Reference Obligation: 
[Specify Reference Obligations, including a 
short description thereof if the Reference 
Entity is not a sovereign] 
- 
Auction Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Auction Redemption' is the Credit Event 
Redemption Method  and 'Credit Payment 
following Credit Event' is applicable) 
 
- 
Auction Redemption Date: 
[[⚫] Business Days following the relevant 
date specified in the Credit Linked 
Conditions][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] (Only include if 'Auction 
Redemption' is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method) 
- 
Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Cash Redemption' and 'Credit Payment 
following Credit Event' is applicable) 
- 
Cash Redemption Date: 
[[⚫] Business Days following the relevant 
date specified in the Credit Linked 
Conditions][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
(Only 
include 
if 
'Cash 
Redemption' is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method or the Fallback Redemption 
Method) 
- 
Final 
Auction 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Auction Redemption' and 'Credit Payment 
on Maturity' is applicable) 
 
- 
Final Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include

--- Page 1166 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1138 
 
if 'Cash Redemption' and 'Credit Payment 
on Maturity' is applicable) 
(xi) 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Reference Entities, Transaction 
Type and Seniority Level: 
As set out in the Appendix 1 hereto 
- 
Nth Reference Entity: 
[Specify] 
- 
Standard Reference Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Where 
applicable, 
specify 
Reference 
Obligation(s) in the Appendix 1 hereto if the 
fallback to a Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation under paragraph (c) of the 
definition of "Reference Obligation" is to 
apply. Insert the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation for each Reference Entity) 
 
- 
Reference Obligation(s): 
In respect of each Reference Entity,  the 
obligation identified in respect of such 
Reference Entity in Appendix 1 hereto, 
where applicable 
- 
Auction Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Auction Redemption' is the Credit Event 
Redemption Method and 'Credit Payment 
following Credit Event' is applicable) 
- 
Auction Redemption Date: 
[[⚫]Business Days following the relevant 
date specified in the Credit Linked 
Conditions][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] (Only include if 'Auction 
Redemption' is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method) 
- 
Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Cash Redemption' and 'Credit Payment 
following Credit Event' is applicable) 
 
- 
Cash Redemption Date: 
[[⚫] Business Days following the relevant 
date specified in the Credit Linked 
Conditions][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
(Only 
include 
if 
'Cash 
Redemption' is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method or the Fallback Redemption 
Method)

--- Page 1167 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1139 
 
 
- 
Final 
Auction 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Auction Redemption' and 'Credit Payment 
on Maturity' is applicable) 
- 
Final Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Cash Redemption' and 'Credit Payment 
on Maturity' is applicable) 
(xii) 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Reference 
Entities 
and 
Transaction Type, Reference 
Entity 
Weighting, 
Reference 
Obligations, Reference Entity 
Notional Amount and Seniority 
Level: 
As set out in the Appendix 1 hereto 
 
- 
Standard Reference Obligations: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Where 
applicable, 
specify 
Reference 
Obligation(s) in the Appendix 1 hereto if the 
fallback to a Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation under paragraph (c) of the 
definition of "Reference Obligation" is to 
apply. Insert the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation for each Reference Entity) 
 
- 
Reference Obligation(s): 
In respect of each Reference Entity, the 
obligation identified in respect of such 
Reference Entity in the Appendix 1 hereto, 
where applicable 
- 
Auction Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Auction Redemption' is the Credit Event 
Redemption Method and 'Credit Payment 
following Credit Event' is applicable) 
 
- 
Auction Redemption Date: 
[[⚫] Business Days following the relevant 
date specified in the Credit Linked 
Conditions][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] (Only include if 'Auction 
Redemption' is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method) 
- 
Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include

--- Page 1168 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1140 
 
if 'Cash Redemption' and 'Credit Payment 
following Credit Event' is applicable) 
- 
Cash Redemption Date: 
[[⚫] Business Days following the relevant 
date specified in the Credit Linked 
Conditions][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
(Only 
include 
if 
'Cash 
Redemption' is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method or the Fallback Redemption 
Method) 
- 
Final 
Auction 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Auction Redemption' and 'Credit Payment 
on Maturity' is applicable) 
- 
Final Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Cash Redemption' and 'Credit Payment 
on Maturity' is applicable) 
 
(xiii) 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
- 
Index: 
[Specify relevant iTraxx® index Series [⚫] 
Version] [Specify relevant CDX® index 
Series [⚫] Version] 
- 
Index Annex Date: 
[Specify] 
- 
Effective Date: 
[Specify] 
- 
Index Sponsor: 
[Specify] 
- 
Index Publisher: 
[Specify] 
 
- 
Reference Entities: 
As set out in Appendix 1 hereto 
- 
Standard Reference Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Where 
Applicable, 
specify 
Reference 
Obligation(s) in the Appendix 1 hereto if the 
fallback to a Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation under paragraph (c) of the 
definition of "Reference Obligation" is to 
apply. Insert the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation for each Reference Entity) 
– 
- 
Reference Obligations: 
In respect of each Reference Entity, the 
obligation identified in respect of such 
Reference Entity in the Appendix 1 hereto, 
where applicable

--- Page 1169 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1141 
 
 
- 
Auction Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Auction Redemption' is the Credit Event 
Redemption Method and 'Credit Payment 
following Credit Event' is applicable) 
- 
Auction Redemption Date: 
[[⚫] Business Days following the relevant 
date specified in the Credit Linked 
Conditions][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] (Only include if 'Auction 
Redemption' is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method) 
- 
Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Cash Redemption' and 'Credit Payment 
following Credit Event' is applicable) 
 
- 
Cash Redemption Date: 
[[⚫] Business Days following the relevant 
date specified in the Credit Linked 
Conditions][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
(Only 
include 
if 
'Cash 
Redemption' is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method or the Fallback Redemption 
Method) 
 
- 
Final 
Auction 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Auction Redemption' and 'Credit Payment 
on Maturity' is applicable) 
 
- 
Final Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Cash Redemption' and 'Credit Payment 
on Maturity' is applicable) 
 
(xiv) 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Index: 
[Specify relevant iTraxx® index Series [⚫] 
Version] [Specify relevant CDX® index 
Series [⚫] Version] 
 
- 
Index Annex Date: 
[Specify] 
 
- 
Effective Date: 
[Specify] 
 
- 
Index Sponsor: 
[Specify]

--- Page 1170 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1142 
 
 
- 
Index Publisher: 
[Specify] 
 
- 
Reference Entities: 
As set out in Appendix 1 hereto 
 
- 
Standard Reference Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Where 
Applicable, 
specify 
Reference 
Obligation(s) in the Appendix 1 hereto if the 
fallback to a Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation under paragraph (c) of the 
definition of "Reference Obligation" is to 
apply. Insert the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation for each Reference Entity) 
 
- 
Reference Obligations: 
In respect of each Reference Entity, the 
obligation identified in respect of such 
Reference Entity in the Appendix 1 hereto, 
where applicable 
 
- 
Attachment Point: 
[⚫] per cent. 
 
- 
Exhaustion Point: 
[⚫] per cent. 
- 
Tranche Size: 
[⚫] per cent. [This is the Exhaustion Point 
minus the Attachment Point] 
 
- 
Implicit Portfolio Size: 
[ ⚫] [This is (a) the Original Aggregate 
Nominal Amount, divided by (b) the 
Tranche Size] 
 
- 
Loss Threshold Amount: 
[⚫] [This is the product of (a) the Implicit 
Portfolio Size and (b) the Attachment Point] 
 
- 
Recovery Threshold Amount: 
[⚫] [This is the product of (a) the Implicit 
Portfolio Size and (b) 100 per cent. minus 
the Exhaustion Point] 
 
- 
Settled Entity Matrix: 
[Specify name and date of matrix, as 
published in Appendix 1 hereto][As per the 
Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
- 
Settled Entity Incurred Loss 
Amount: 
[⚫]/[As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
- 
Settled Entity Incurred Recovery 
Amount: 
[Specify][As 
per 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions] 
 
- 
Index 
Tranched 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Credit Payment following Credit Event' is 
applicable) 
- 
Index 
Tranched 
Final 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include

--- Page 1171 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1143 
 
if 
'Credit 
Payment 
on 
Maturity' 
is 
applicable) 
(xv) 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
 
– 
Index: 
[Specify][Not Applicable] 
– 
Reference 
Entities 
and 
Transaction 
Type, 
Reference Entity Weighting, Reference Entity 
Notional Amount and Seniority Level: 
[As set out in Appendix 1 hereto](Insert if 
'Index' is applicable) 
 
[(Insert below table if 'Index' is not 
applicable) 
Reference 
Entity 
and 
Transaction 
Type: 
Weighting 
Reference 
Entity 
Notional  
Amount: 
Seniority 
Level: 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Senior Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] [Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Senior Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] [Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level] 
(Repeat rows as necessary)] 
- 
Standard Reference Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(Where 
Applicable, 
specify 
Reference 
Obligation(s) in the Appendix 1 hereto if the 
fallback to a Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation under paragraph (c) of the 
definition of "Reference Obligation" is to 
apply. Insert the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation for each Reference Entity) 
 
- 
Reference Obligation(s): 
In respect of each Reference Entity, the 
obligation identified in respect of such 
Reference Entity in the Appendix 1 hereto, 
where applicable 
 
- 
Attachment Point: 
[⚫] per cent. 
 
- 
Exhaustion Point: 
[⚫] per cent. 
 
- 
Tranche Size: 
[⚫] per cent. [This is the Exhaustion Point 
minus the Attachment Point]

--- Page 1172 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1144 
 
 
- 
Implicit Portfolio Size: 
[ ⚫] [This is (a) the Original Aggregate 
Nominal Amount, divided by (b) the Tranche 
Size] 
 
- 
Loss Threshold Amount: 
[⚫] [This is the product of (a) the Implicit 
Portfolio Size and (b) the Attachment Point] 
 
- 
Recovery Threshold Amount: 
[⚫] [This is the product of (a) the Implicit 
Portfolio Size and (b) 100 per cent. minus 
the Exhaustion Point] 
- 
Portfolio Tranched Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Credit Payment following Credit Event' is 
applicable) 
- 
Portfolio 
Tranched 
Final 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 
'Credit 
Payment 
on 
Maturity' 
is 
applicable) 
 
(xvi) 
Local Access Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Reference Asset(s): 
[⚫][Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Maturity date of Reference 
Asset(s): 
[⚫][Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Reference 
Assets 
Only 
Settlement: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Reference Custodian: 
[⚫][Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Reference Jurisdiction: 
[⚫][Not Applicable] 
 
- 
LA Relevant Currency: 
[⚫][Not Applicable] 
 
- 
LCY Reference Amount: 
[⚫][Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Applicable Principal Currency 
Amount: 
[ ⚫][The aggregate principal amount of 
Local 
Access 
Credit 
Linked 
Notes 
outstanding] 
 
- 
LA Interest: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
LA Interest Amount: 
(If not applicable, delete the table below) 
Interest 
Payment 
Date, in each case, 
subject as provided in 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions: 
LA Interest Amount:

--- Page 1173 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1145 
 
[Specify] 
[local currency amount] 
divided 
by 
the 
applicable FX Rate 
[Specify] 
[local currency amount] 
divided 
by 
the 
applicable FX Rate 
- 
Additional Risk Event: 
[Applicable: 
[Inconvertibility 
Event][Ownership 
Restriction 
Event][Settlement/Custodial 
Event]/Not 
Applicable] 
 
- 
Additional Risk Event Start 
Date: 
[Trade Date][Issue Date] 
 
- 
Tax Deduction Event – Interest:   [Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Tax 
Deduction 
Event 
– 
Principal:   
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- 
LA Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Cash Redemption' and 'Credit Payment 
following Risk Event' is applicable) 
 
- 
LA Cash Redemption Date: 
[[⚫] Business Days following the relevant 
date specified in the Credit Linked 
Conditions][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions]  
 
- 
LA Physical Redemption Date: 
[[⚫] Business Days following the relevant 
date specified in the Credit Linked 
Conditions][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] (Only include if Physical 
Redemption is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method) 
 
- 
Final LA Cash Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply][As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include 
if 'Cash Redemption' and 'Credit Payment 
on Maturity' is applicable) 
 
(xvii) 
Payment Failure Cut-Off Date: 
[⚫] Business Days following the relevant 
date specified in the Credit Linked 
Conditions][As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
 
(xviii) Obligations: 
 
 
- 
Obligation Category: 
[Payment][Borrowed 
Money][Reference 
Obligation Only] [Bond][Loan][Bond or 
Loan] (Select one only) 
 
- 
Obligation Characteristics: 
[Not Subordinated]

--- Page 1174 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1146 
 
[Specified Currency] (Specify unless the 
fallback in the definition of "Specified 
Currency" applies) 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
[Not Domestic Currency] 
[Not Domestic Law] 
[Listed] 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
[None] 
(Select all that apply) 
 
- 
Excluded Obligation: 
[Specify][Not Applicable] 
 
- 
All Guarantees: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Fixed Cap: [Specify] [Not Applicable] 
(xix) 
Deliverable Obligations: 
 
 
- 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Category: 
[Payment][Borrowed 
Money][Reference 
Obligations Only] [Bond][Loan][Bond or 
Loan] (Select one only) 
 
- 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristics: 
[Not Subordinated] 
[Specified Currency] (Specify unless the 
fallback in the definition of "Specified 
Currency" applies) 
[Not Sovereign Lender] 
[Not Domestic Currency] 
[Domestic Currency] (Specify unless the 
fallback in the definition of "Domestic 
Currency" in the Credit Linked Conditions 
applies) 
[Not Domestic Law] 
[Listed] 
[Not Domestic Issuance] 
[Assignable Loan] 
[Consent Required Loan] 
[Direct Loan Participation]

--- Page 1175 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1147 
 
[Transferable] 
 
[Maximum Maturity [of [⚫] years (Specify if 
default is not to apply)]] 
[Accelerated or Matured] 
[Not Bearer] (Select all that apply) 
[Together with [Specify other obligation 
applicable for each Reference Entity other 
than those determined by reference to 
Obligation 
Category 
and 
Obligation 
Characteristics]] 
 
- 
Excluded 
Deliverable 
Obligation: 
[Specify][Not Applicable] 
- 
All Guarantees: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Fixed Cap: [Specify] [Not Applicable] 
 
(xx) 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xxi) 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xxii) 
60 Business Day Cap on Settlement: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xxiii) Sovereign Reference Entity No Asset 
Package Delivery: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xxiv) 
Additional Provisions for 
Monoline 
Insurer Reference Entities: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xxv) 
Additional Provisions for the Hellenic 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and 
Excluded Deliverable Obligations: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xxvi) 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: 
Excluded 
Obligations 
and 
Excluded Deliverable Obligations: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xxvii) Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: 
Excluded 
Obligations 
and 
Excluded Deliverable Obligations: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
(xxviii) Additional Provisions for Senior, Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations: 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
"Applicable", specify for each Reference 
Entity) 
 
(xxix) 
2014 Coco Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
[– 
[Trigger Percentage: 
[⚫]] 
(xxx) 
Credit Event[(s)]: 
[Bankruptcy] 
[Failure to Pay

--- Page 1176 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1148 
 
Payment Requirement: [⚫ or its equivalent 
in the relevant Obligation Currency as of the 
occurrence of the relevant failure to pay] 
[OR] [As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
Grace Period Extension: [Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
[Grace Period: [Specify][As per the 
Credit Linked Conditions]] 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[Governmental Intervention] 
[Obligation Acceleration] 
[Obligation Default] 
[Repudiation/Moratorium] 
[Restructuring 
Mod R: [Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Mod Mod R: [Applicable][Not Applicable] 
Multiple 
Holder 
Obligation: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable]] 
[Select all that apply] 
 
- 
Credit Deterioration Condition: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Default Requirement: 
[Specify][As 
per 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions] 
 
- 
Notice of Publicly Available 
Information: 
[Not Applicable] [Note that it is not 
necessary to specify "Applicable" as the 
default position under the Credit Linked 
Conditions is for a Notice of Publicly 
Available Information to apply] 
Public Source(s): [Specify][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] 
Specified Number: [Specify][As per the 
Credit Linked Conditions]] 
(xxxi) 
Credit Event Backstop Date: 
[Trade Date][Issue Date][As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] 
 
(xxxii) Standard Event Determination Date: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(xxxiii) Non-Standard Event Determination Date: 
[Applicable][Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify 
Event Determination Date Version B as

--- Page 1177 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1149 
 
applicable where the hedging CDS has only 
one Notifying Party (i.e. "Buyer" or "Seller" 
is specified as the Notifying Party). 
Otherwise specify "Not Applicable" and the 
Event Determination Date provisions which 
are equivalent to having two Notifying 
Parties under a CDS will apply] 
(xxxiv) Single 
Notifying 
Party 
Event 
Determination Date: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable]  
(xxxv) Movement Option: 
[Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Full 
Transferable 
Obligation 
Applicable][Modified 
Restructuring 
Maturity Limitation and Conditionally 
Transferable Obligation Applicable] 
(xxxvi) Cash Redemption Terms: 
[Applicable 
[as 
Fallback 
Redemption 
Method]][Not Applicable] 
- 
Valuation Date[(s)]: 
[Single Valuation Date: 
Number of Business Days:  
[Specify][As 
per 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions]] 
[Multiple Valuation Dates: 
[⚫] Business Days and each [⚫] Business 
Days thereafter. [Number of Valuation 
Dates: [⚫]]] 
 
- 
Valuation Time: 
[Specify][As 
per 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions] 
 
- 
Valuation Method: 
[Highest][Market][Average 
Highest][Average Market][Lowest] 
 
- 
Quotation Method: 
[Bid][Offer][Mid-market] 
 
- 
Quotation Dealers: 
[Specify][As 
per 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions] 
 
- 
Accrued Interest: 
[Include 
Accrued 
Interest][Exclude 
Accrued Interest][As per Credit Linked 
Condition 16(a)(ii)(C)] 
(xxxvii) Physical Redemption Terms: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Physical Settlement Period: 
[[ ⚫] Business Days] [As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] 
 
- 
[Include Accrued Interest: 
Applicable](Delete 
this 
row 
if 
not 
applicable)

--- Page 1178 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1150 
 
 
- 
Fallback Cash Redemption: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
(xxxviii) Partial Cash Redemption Terms/Fallback 
Cash Redemption Terms: 
 
- 
Valuation Time: 
[Specify] [As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
(xxxix) Physical Settlement Matrix Standard 
Terms: 
[Applicable] [Not Applicable] 
[Physical Settlement Matrix: [Specify] [As 
per the Credit Linked Conditions], being as 
of the [Trade Date][Effective Date][Specify 
date] 
Transaction Type: [Specify]] 
(xl) 
[Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable](Delete 
this 
row 
if 
not 
applicable) 
(xli) 
Redemption Following Merger: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Merger Redemption Amount: 
[Early Redemption Amount] [Each Note's 
pro rata share of an amount (subject to a 
minimum of zero) equal to (i) the 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
the Credit Linked Notes minus (ii) the 
Unwind Costs, if any] 
(xlii) 
Settlement Currency: 
[Specify][As 
per 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INDEX SKEW NOTES 
18. 
Index Skew Notes:  
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Trade Date: 
[⚫] 
(ii) 
Scheduled Termination Date: 
[⚫] 
(iii) 
Hypothetical Skew Transactions: 
(a) 
Hypothetical 
Index 
Untranched 
Transaction;  
(b) 
Hypothetical Single Name Set. 
 
(iv) 
Index Skew Positions: 
The Issuer is the [[buyer][seller] (Delete as 
applicable)] of credit protection under the 
Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction.  
The Issuer is the [[buyer][seller] (Delete as 
applicable)] of credit protection under the 
Hypothetical Single Name Set.

--- Page 1179 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1151 
 
 
(v) 
Hypothetical Swap Counterparty: 
[Citibank, N.A. (Specify the relevant branch, where 
relevant)]/[Citigroup Global Markets Limited]/[⚫] 
 
(vi) 
Hypothetical Index Untranched 
Transaction General Terms: 
 
 
– 
Eligible Index: 
[[⚫] (Specify Index name)] Series [⚫] Version [⚫] 
 
– 
Relevant Annex: 
[⚫] 
 
– 
Index Annex Date: 
[⚫] 
 
– 
Documentation Form: 
[[⚫] (Specify name of supplement, publisher and 
date of publication)] [incorporating the [⚫](Specify 
name of supplement, publisher and date of 
publication)] 
 
– 
Trade Date: 
[⚫] 
 
– 
Effective Date: 
[⚫] 
 
– 
Scheduled Termination 
Date: 
[⚫] 
 
– 
Original 
Notional 
Amount: 
[⚫] 
 
– 
Other details: 
With respect to each Reference Entity referenced in 
the Eligible Index, as set out in Appendix 2 hereto. 
 
(vii) 
Hypothetical 
Single 
Name 
Transaction General Terms: 
 
 
– 
Documentation Form: 
[Confirmation for use with Credit Derivatives 
Physical Settlement Matrix (version [⚫] – [[⚫] 
(Specify date of publication)] – 2014 Definitions 
Version] [and incorporating [[⚫] (Specify name of 
supplement, publisher and date of publication, if 
applicable)]] 
 
– 
Trade Date: 
[⚫] 
 
– 
Effective Date: 
[⚫] 
 
– 
Scheduled Termination 
Date: 
[⚫] 
 
– 
Matrix Publication Date: 
[Effective Date of the Eligible Index]/[●] 
 
– 
Other details: 
With respect to each Reference Entity referenced in 
the Hypothetical Single Name Set, as set out in 
Appendix 2 hereto. 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE SECURITIES 
19. 
Form of Securities 
[Registered Securities

--- Page 1180 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1152 
 
 
 
Regulation S Global Registered Security Certificate 
[(U.S.$[⚫] principal amount)] registered in the name 
of a nominee for [a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common 
safekeeper 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg]/[a common depositary for Euroclear 
France]/Rule 144A Global Registered Security 
Certificate [(U.S.$[⚫] principal amount)] registered 
in the name of a nominee for [DTC/ a common 
depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg])] 
 
 
[Swedish Securities - insert details (including 
details of the Swedish Securities Issuing and Paying 
Agent and the provisions of the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement which apply to the Securities)]] 
 
 
[Finnish Securities – insert details (including details 
of the Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent]] 
 
Notwithstanding the above, if the Securities are French Law Securities, delete the above in its 
entirety and replace with the following: 
 
[Form of Securities: 
[French Bearer Securities (au porteur) / French 
Registered Securities in a registered dematerialised 
form (au nominatif)] – insert details (including 
details of (i) the French Securities Issuing and 
Paying Agent and (ii) only if applicable where the 
French Law Securities are in a registered 
dematerialised form (au nominatif) the French Law 
Securities Registration Agent] 
 
Representation 
of 
Securityholders 
/ 
Masse: 
[Full Masse / Contractual Masse / Contractual 
Representation of Securityholders / No Masse ] 
(If "Full Masse" or "Contractual Masse" is 
specified, specify the details of the initial 
Representative and the alternate Representative, if 
any, and their remuneration. Otherwise, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
Name and address of the initial Representative: [⚫] 
[The Representative will receive no remuneration] / 
[The Representative will receive a remuneration of [
⚫]]. 
Name and address of the alternate Representative: [
⚫] 
[The Representative will receive no remuneration] / 
[The Representative will receive a remuneration of [
⚫]]. 
20. 
New Safekeeping Structure: 
[Yes – New Safekeeping Structure applies] [Not 
Applicable] 
21. 
Business Centre(s): 
[⚫]

--- Page 1181 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1153 
 
(N.B. this paragraph relates to the definition of 
Business Day) 
22. 
Business Day Jurisdiction(s) or other 
special provisions relating to payment 
dates: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(N.B. this paragraph relates to the date and place of 
payment) 
23. 
Redenomination, renominalisation and 
reconventioning provisions: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable: The provisions of 
General Condition 18 (Redenomination) apply] 
24. 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not 
Applicable/The 
provisions 
of 
General 
Condition 14 (Further Issues) apply] 
25. 
Substitution provisions 
[Not Applicable/Applicable: The provisions of 
General Condition 17 (Substitution of the Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor) [do 
not] apply] 
 
[Additional Requirements 
[Not Applicable/Applicable: The provisions of 
General Condition 17(a)(ii) apply]] 
 
[Additional 
French 
Law 
Securities 
Requirements: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable]] 
26. 
Name and address of Calculation Agent: 
[Citibank, 
N.A./Citigroup 
Global 
Markets 
Limited/Citigroup Global Markets Inc.] [(acting 
through its [⚫] department/group (or any successor 
department/group))] at [⚫]] 
27. 
[Determination Agent: 
[Calculation Agent][⚫]]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify an entity other than the Calculation Agent 
where the Calculation Agent is the Fiscal Agent. If 
no 
Determination 
Agent 
is 
specified, 
the 
Determination Agent will be the Calculation Agent)] 
28. 
Determinations: 
 
 
(i) 
Standard: 
[Sole and Absolute Determination/Commercial 
Determination] 
(Specify 
"Commercial 
Determination" 
where 
"Determinations and Exercise of Discretion (BEC)" 
is applicable) 
(Specify "Commercial Determination" where the 
Securities are French Law Securities) 
 
(ii) 
Minimum 
Amount 
Adjustment 
Prohibition: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
29. 
Determinations 
and 
Exercise 
of 
Discretion (BEC): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
30. 
Prohibition of sales to consumers in 
Belgium: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Specify "Not Applicable" only where Securities are 
distributed to consumers in Belgium) 
31. 
Other final terms: 
[Not applicable/give details]

--- Page 1182 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1154 
 
[The Issuer shall have the right to obtain extracts 
from the register of creditors (Sw. skuldbok) from 
Euroclear Sweden – only applicable in case of 
Swedish Securities] 
The Issuer shall, subject to regulations of Euroclear 
Finland and applicable laws, be entitled to acquire 
from Euroclear Finland a list of the holders of 
Finnish Securities, PROVIDED THAT it is 
technically possible for Euroclear Finland to 
maintain such a list.] 
32. 
Additional 
provisions 
applicable 
to 
Italian Listed Certificates: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
(if Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Expiry Date (Data di Scadenza) 
for the purposes of [Borsa Italiana 
S.p.A.]/[EuroTLX]: 
[⚫] 
33. 
[Administrator/Benchmark Event: 
[Administrator/Benchmark Event (Limb (3)): Not 
Applicable] 
Early 
Redemption 
following 
Administrator/Benchmark 
Event: 
[Not 
Applicable/Applicable] 
[If 
"Early 
Redemption 
following 
Administrator/Benchmark Event" is Applicable: 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Fair 
Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if 
any) at maturity]/[Monetisation with Holder Put 
Option]/[Best of Amount]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only)] 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or 
as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a 
broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]]] 
(Include where any Benchmark (as defined in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 3)  is applicable 
in respect of the Securities)  
34. 
[Reference Rate Event Provisions: 
[Reference Rate Event (Limb (iii)): Not Applicable] 
Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate(s): [⚫
]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 1183 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1155 
 
Reference 
Rate 
Early 
Redemption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[If 
"Reference 
Rate 
Early 
Redemption" 
is 
Applicable: 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Fair 
Market 
Value]/[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if 
any) at maturity]/[Monetisation with Holder Put 
Option]/[Best of Amount]/[Other] (specify an 
amount only) 
[Deduction of Hedge Costs: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] (specify if Fair Market Value (itself or 
as part of a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Deduction of Issuer Costs and Hedging and 
Funding 
Costs: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(specify if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a 
broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro 
Rata 
Issuer 
Cost 
Reimbursement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (specify if Fair Market 
Value is applicable)] 
[Additional Costs on account of Early Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]]]] 
(Include where any Reference Rate (as defined in 
Valuation and Settlement Condition 9.2) is 
applicable in respect of the Securities)

--- Page 1184 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1156 
 
[Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: 
……………………………………….. 
 
Duly authorised]

--- Page 1185 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1157 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING: 
 
Admission to trading and listing: 
[Application [has been/is expected to be] made by 
the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the [Tranche [⚫]] 
Securities to be admitted to trading on [specify 
relevant non-EEA/United Kingdom regulated 
market (for example, the Global Exchange Market 
of Euronext Dublin or the Euro MTF of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange) and, if relevant, 
listing on an official list (for example, the official 
list of Euronext Dublin or the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange)] with effect from on 
or around [⚫] [of the Tranche [⚫] Securities]] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
[Tranche [⚫] of the Securities has been admitted to 
trading on [specify relevant non-EEA/United 
Kingdom regulated market (for example, the 
Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin or the 
Euro MTF of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) 
and, if relevant, listing on an official list (for 
example, the official list of Euronext Dublin or the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange)] 
with effect from [⚫] of the Tranche [⚫] Securities] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue, need to 
indicate that original Securities are already 
admitted to trading) 
 
Estimated expenses relating to admission to 
trading: 
[⚫] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
The Securities are [not] rated. [The rating of the 
Securities is: 
 
 
(i) 
[S&P: 
 
[⚫]] 
 
 
(ii) 
[Moody's: 
[⚫]] 
 
 
(iii) 
[Fitch:  
[⚫]] 
 
 
(iv) 
[[Other]: 
[⚫]] 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Securities of the type being issued 
under the Programme generally or, where the issue 
has been specifically rated, that rating) 
3. 
INFORMATION ABOUT [THE PAST AND FUTURE PERFORMANCE AND 
VOLATILITY OF THE OR EACH UNDERLYING][AND][THE FLOATING RATE OF 
INTEREST] 
 
[Information about the past and future performance of the or each Underlying is [electronically] 
available [free of charge][at a charge] from [the applicable Electronic Page(s) specified for such 
Underlying in Part A above][⚫].]

--- Page 1186 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1158 
 
 
[Information relating to historic interest rates in the case of Floating Rate Securities is 
[electronically] available [free of charge][at a charge] from the relevant [Electronic Page][Page][⚫
].] 
 
(Include details about where information about the past and future performance of the or each 
Underlying and its volatility can be obtained.) 
4. 
[EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
 
EU Benchmarks Regulation: Article 29(2) 
statement on benchmarks: 
[Not Applicable] 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator 
legal name]] (Repeat as necessary) 
[As at the date hereof, [administrator legal name] 
[appears/does not appear] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation] [As far as the Issuer is 
aware, 
[[administrator 
legal 
name], 
as 
administrator of [specify benchmark], is not 
required to be registered by virtue of Article 2 of 
the Benchmarks Regulation] [the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation apply, such that [administrator legal 
name] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation or registration (or, if located outside 
the European Union or the United Kindgom, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence)]] (Repeat 
as necessary) 
5. 
DISCLAIMER 
 
 
[include disclaimer for Indices which are not Proprietary Indices] 
 
[Proprietary Index Disclaimer 
 
None of the Issuer[, the CGMHI Guarantor]26 [, the CGMFL Guarantor]27, [⚫] (the Index Sponsor 
[and the Index Calculation Agent]) for the Underlying and any of their respective directors, 
officers, employees, representatives, delegates or agents (each a Relevant Person) makes any 
express or implied representations or warranties as to (a) the advisability of purchasing the 
Securities, (b) the level(s) of the Underlying at any particular time on any particular date, (c) the 
results to be obtained by any investor in the Securities or any other person or entity, from the use 
of the Underlying or any data included therein for any purpose, (d) the merchantability or fitness 
for a particular purpose of the Underlying or (e) any other matter. Each Relevant Person hereby 
expressly disclaims, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, all warranties of accuracy, 
completeness, merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose with respect to the Underlying. 
No Relevant Person shall have any liability (direct or indirect, special, punitive, consequential or 
otherwise) to any person even if notified of the possibility of damages. [The Index Sponsor is 
not/Neither the Index Sponsor nor the Index Calculation Agent is] under any obligation to continue 
the calculation, publication and dissemination of the Underlying nor shall they have any liability 
for any errors, omissions, interruptions or delays relating to the Underlying. The Index Sponsor 
[and the Index Calculation Agent] shall [each] act as principal and not as agent or fiduciary of any 
other person. 
 
Past performance is not indicative of future performance. Any numbers or figures presented as past 
performance of the Underlying prior to its launch date (however defined in the Index Conditions) 
may include performances calculated from back-testing simulations. Any back-testing is 
 
26 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. 
27 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI.

--- Page 1187 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1159 
 
illustrative only and derived from proprietary models based on certain historic data and 
assumptions and estimates. Such back-testing information should not be considered indicative of 
the actual results that might be obtained from an investment or participation in the Securities. Any 
scenario analysis is for illustrative purposes only and does not represent the actual performance of 
the Underlying nor does it purport to describe all possible performance outcomes for the 
Underlying. 
 
As at the date hereof, the Underlying is described in full in the Index Conditions which are set out 
at [the Schedule attached hereto][in the Base Listing Particulars]. Any decision to invest in the 
Securities should be based upon the information contained in the Base Listing Particulars and this 
Pricing Supplement only. 
 
The Underlying is proprietary and confidential to the Index Sponsor. No person may use the 
Underlying in any way or reproduce or disseminate the information relating to the Underlying 
contained in the Base Prospectus relating to the Securities without the prior written consent of the 
Index Sponsor (save in respect of the distribution of the terms of the Securities using customary 
clearing and settlement procedures). The Underlying is not in any way sponsored, endorsed or 
promoted by the issuer or sponsor, as applicable, of any of its constituents.] 
 
[Bloomberg® 
 
Certain information contained in this Pricing Supplement consists of extracts from or summaries 
of information that is publicly-available from Bloomberg L.P. (Bloomberg®). The Issuer [and the 
CGMHI Guarantor] 28  [and the CGMFL Guarantor] 29  accept[s] responsibility for accurately 
reproducing such extracts or summaries and, as far as the Issuer [and the CGMHI Guarantor]30 
[and the CGMFL Guarantor are]31 [is/are] aware and [is/are] able to ascertain from such publicly-
available information, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading. Bloomberg® makes no representation, warranty or undertaking, express 
or implied, as to the accuracy of the reproduction of such information, and accepts no responsibility 
for the reproduction of such information or for the merits of an investment in the Securities. 
Bloomberg® does not arrange, sponsor, endorse, sell or promote the issue of the Securities.] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
ISIN Code: 
[⚫]  
 
Common Code: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable]  
 
CUSIP: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable]  
 
WKN: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable]  
 
Valoren: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] 
 
CFI: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] 
 
FISN: 
[⚫] [Not Applicable] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested 
or available, it/they should be specified to be "Not 
Applicable") 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
Bank S.A./N.V., Clearstream Banking, 
société anonyme and DTC and the relevant 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s) [and 
references to the [Relevant Clearing System/[⚫]] 
 
28 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. 
29 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI. 
30 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMFL. 
31 
Delete where the Issuer is Citigroup Inc. or CGMHI.

--- Page 1188 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1160 
 
identification number(s) and details relating 
to the relevant depositary, if applicable: 
shall be deemed to be references to such clearing 
system] 
The Securities will be accepted for settlement in 
Euroclear UK & Ireland (CREST) via the CREST 
Depository Interest (CDI) mechanism. 
 
 
[Euroclear 
Sweden 
AB]/[Euroclear 
Finland 
Oy]/[Euroclear France S.A.] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [versus/free of] payment 
 
Names and address of the Swedish 
Securities Issuing and Paying Agent (if any): 
[Citibank Europe plc (Sweden Branch), Stockholm, 
Sweden]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Names and address of the Finnish Securities 
Issuing and Paying Agent (if any): 
[Nordea Bank Abp, Aleksis Kiven Katu 3-5, 
Helsinki, Finland]/[Not Applicable]  
 
Names and address of the French Securities 
Issuing and Paying Agent (if any): 
[Citibank Europe plc, Dublin, Ireland]/[Not 
Applicable]  
 
[If no French Law Securities Registration Agent has been appointed, delete the following: 
 
Names and address of the French Law 
Securities Registration Agent (if any): 
[⚫]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[⚫] [Not Applicable]  
 
Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Securities are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper, that is, held under the New Safekeeping 
Structure,] [Include this text for Registered 
Securities which are to be held under the New 
Safekeeping Structure or NSS] and does not 
necessarily mean that the Securities will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met] [Not 
Applicable] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
I. 
Method 
of 
distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
II. 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
[and 
addresses of the 
Lead 
Manager 
and 
the 
other 
Managers 
and 
underwriting 
commitments]: 
[Not Applicable/give names, addresses and 
underwriting commitments and statement of 
portion not covered] 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing 
to underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis 
and names and addresses of the entities agreeing to 
place the issue without a firm commitment or on a

--- Page 1189 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1161 
 
"best efforts" basis if such entities are not the same 
as the Managers) 
 
III. 
[Date 
of 
[Subscription] 
Agreement: 
[Not Applicable][⚫]]  
 
IV. 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) 
(if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
V. 
If 
non-
syndicated, name 
and address of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
 
VI. 
[Total 
commission and 
concession: 
[None]/ 
[⚫] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount]/ 
[⚫] per Security]/ 
[No commissions and concessions are payable by 
the Issuer to the Dealer. The [(specify type of fee or 
commission)] payable by the Dealer to any 
distributor is [ ⚫] [of the Aggregate Principal 
Amount]/[per Security]. Investors can obtain more 
information about the fee by contacting the Dealer 
at the address set out herein]] 
 
VII. 
[Prohibition 
of 
Offer to Private 
Clients 
in 
Switzerland: 
Applicable[, other than with respect to offers of the 
Securities during [the period[s] [⚫]-[⚫] (repeat as 
necessary)]] [or] [the duration of the applicable 
transition period under FinSA and its implementing 
ordinance]]] 
(Include if Securities are offered in Switzerland) 
 
VIII. 
Prohibition 
of 
Sales to EEA and 
UK 
Retail 
Investors: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable [, other than with 
respect to offers of the Securities in [specify 
jurisdiction(s) for which a PRIIPs KID is being 
prepared] [during the period[s] [⚫]-[⚫] (repeat as 
necessary)]] 
(If the Securities clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. 
If 
the 
Securities 
may 
constitute 
"packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared other than in the 
relevant specified jurisdiction(s) for the relevant 
specified 
period(s), 
"Applicable" 
should 
be 
specified and details provided accordingly) 
8. 
UNITED STATES TAX CONSIDERATIONS  
 
General: [For U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Issuer intends to treat the Securities as 
[debt/fixed- rate debt/fixed-rate debt issued with OID/contingent payment debt instruments, [for 
which purpose, the comparable yield relating to the Securities will be [⚫]% compounded [semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] and the projected payment schedule with respect to a Security consists 
of the following payments: [⚫] for which purpose, the comparable yield and the projected payment 
schedule are available by contacting [⚫] at [⚫]]/variable rate debt instruments/variable rate debt 
instruments issued with OID/foreign currency Securities/foreign currency Securities issued with

--- Page 1190 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1162 
 
OID/foreign currency contingent payment debt instruments, [for which purpose, the comparable 
yield relating to the Securities will be [⚫]% compounded [semi- annually/quarterly/monthly] and 
the projected payment schedule with respect to a Security consists of the following payments: [⚫
]/for which purpose, the comparable yield and the projected payment schedule are available by 
contacting [⚫] at [⚫]]/short-term Securities/prepaid forward contracts or options/prepaid forward 
contracts or options with associated periodic payments/a put and a deposit, for which purpose, the 
Issuer will treat [⚫]% of each coupon on a Security as interest on the deposit and [⚫]% as put 
premium/[specify other]]. [The Securities are Non-U.S. Issuer Securities]. 
 
Section 871(m):  
 
(Use this paragraph if the Section 871(m) determinations are final). [The Issuer has determined 
that  the Securities are Specified ELIs based on either the "delta" test or the "substantial 
equivalence" test, as indicated in the table below. Please see the table below for additional 
information with respect to Section 871(m), including information necessary to calculate the 
amounts of dividend equivalents for the Securities.]/[The Issuer has determined that the Securities 
are Specified ELIs because (i) the Issue Date for the Securities is prior to 2023 and (ii) the Securities 
have a "delta" of one.]/[The Issuer has determined that the underlying asset(s) consist solely of one 
or more Qualified Indices and/or Qualified Index Securities and, therefore, that the Securities are 
not Specified ELIs.]/[The Issuer has determined that the underlying asset(s) consist solely of one 
or more indices whose sole U.S. equity components are Qualified Indices and/or Qualified Index 
Securities and, therefore, that the Securities are not Specified ELIs.]/[The Issuer has determined 
that the Securities are not Specified ELIs based on either the "delta" test or the "substantial 
equivalence" test, as indicated in the table below.]/[The Issuer has determined that the Securities 
are not Specified ELIs because (i) the Issue Date for the Securities is prior to 2023 and (ii) the 
Securities do not have a "delta" of one.]/[The Issuer has determined that the Securities are not 
Specified ELIs for the purpose of Section 871(m).] 
 
(Use this paragraph instead if the Section 871(m) determinations are indicative and will be updated 
at issuance.) [The following is based on information available as of the date of this Pricing 
Supplement. [The Issuer would treat the Securities as Specified ELIs based on either the "delta" 
test or the "substantial equivalence" test, as indicated in the table below. Please see the table below 
for additional information with respect to Section 871(m), including information necessary to 
calculate the amounts of dividend equivalents for the Securities.]/[The Issuer would treat the 
Securities as Specified ELIs because (i) the Issue Date for the Securities is prior to 2023 and (ii) 
the Securities have a "delta" of one.]/[The Issuer would not treat the Securities as Specified ELIs 
because the underlying asset(s) consist solely of one or more Qualified Indices and/or Qualified 
Index Securities.]/[The Issuer would not treat the Securities as Specified ELIs because the 
underlying asset(s) consist solely of one or more indices whose sole U.S. equity components are 
Qualified Indices and/or Qualified Index Securities.]/[The Issuer would not treat the Securities as 
Specified ELIs based on either the "delta" test or the "substantial equivalence" test, as indicated in 
the table below.]/[The Issuer would not treat the Securities as Specified ELIs because (i) the Issue 
Date for the Securities is prior to 2023 and (ii) the Securities do not have a "delta" of one.] This 
information is indicative and will be updated based on circumstances at the time the 
Securities are issued. Please [contact []]/[review the amended Pricing Supplement] for further 
information regarding the application of Section 871(m) to the Securities.] 
 
[The Securities are Specified Current Payment Securities./The Securities are Specified Net Total 
Return Securities.] 
 
(Include table below if (i) the Securities are Specified ELIs, or (ii) the Securities are not Specified 
ELIs based on either the "delta" test or the "substantial equivalence" test.) 
 
Underlying 
Asset 
Underlying  
Securities 
(Y/N) 
Qualified 
Index/ 
Qualified 
Index Security 
(Y/N) 
Simple 
Contract (Y/N) 
Delta 
(if 
Simple 
Contract) 
Substantial 
Equivalence 
Test (if not a 
Simple 
Contract) 
Number 
of 
Shares 
Multiplied by 
Delta 
(if 
Simple 
Contract) 
Initial Hedge 
(if applicable)

--- Page 1191 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1163 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
9. 
[EXAMPLES TO EXPLAIN HOW THE VALUE OF THE INVESTMENT IS AFFECTED 
BY THE VALUE OF THE UNDERLYING(S) 
 
THE SCENARIO[S] AND FIGURES PRESENTED BELOW ARE FOR ILLUSTRATIVE 
PURPOSES ONLY. THE EXAMPLE[S] SHOWN BELOW MAY NOT HAVE AN EQUAL 
LIKELIHOOD OF OCCURRENCE. THE [INTEREST AMOUNT[S]] [AND] [EARLY 
REDEMPTION AMOUNT AND] REDEMPTION AMOUNT IN RESPECT OF EACH 
SECURITY WILL BE CALCULATED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE CONDITIONS OF THE 
SECURITIES AS SET OUT IN THE "TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES" IN 
THE BASE PROSPECTUS AND THE FINAL TERMS IN PART A ABOVE. THE ISSUER[, 
GUARANTOR] AND DEALER MAKE NO REPRESENTATION THAT ANY OF THE 
SCENARIOS PROVIDED BELOW WILL OCCUR. 
 
[include examples (if appropriate) to provide a clear and comprehensive explanation to help 
investors understand how the value of their investment is affected by the value of the 
Underlying(s)]] 
 
(Delete this paragraph if not applicable) 
10
. 
[CREDIT LINKED NOTES INFORMATION (Credit Linked Notes listed on the Global 
Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin only) 
As at the Issue Date information in relation to the past and further performance of [[the] [each] 
Reference Entity] [[insert Reference Entity name]] is available [free of charge/at a charge] from 
[internationally recognised electronically displayed sources such as Bloomberg and any web-site 
of such Reference Entity]. 
(Repeat for each Reference Entity as applicable)]

--- Page 1192 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1164 
 
APPENDIX 1 – CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
(a) 
N-th to Default Basket Credit Linked Notes – Appendix 1 
Reference 
Entity 
Transaction 
Type: 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation 
Reference 
Obligations: 
Seniority Level: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
where applicable 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is 
not 
a 
sovereign] 
[Senior 
Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
[Senior 
Non-
Preferred Level] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
where applicable 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is 
not 
a 
sovereign] 
[Senior 
Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
[Senior 
Non-
Preferred Level] 
(Repeat rows as necessary) 
(b) 
[Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes][Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes] – Appendix 1 
Reference Entity 
and Transaction 
Type: 
Reference Entity 
Weighting: 
Reference 
Obligations: 
Reference Entity 
Notional 
Amount: 
Seniority Level: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is not a sovereign, 
where applicable] 
[⚫] 
[Senior 
Level]/ 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
/[Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is not a sovereign, 
where applicable] 
[⚫] 
[Senior 
Level]/ 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
/[Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level] 
 
(Repeat rows as necessary)

--- Page 1193 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1165 
 
(c) 
[Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes ]/[Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes] – Appendix 1 
The table below reflects data from the Index Annex as at Index Annex Date which will be subject to 
adjustments effected to the Index Annex. 
Reference Entity 
and Transaction 
Type: 
Reference Entity 
Weighting: 
Reference 
Obligations: 
Reference Entity 
Notional 
Amount: 
Seniority Level: 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is not a sovereign, 
where applicable] 
[⚫] 
[Senior 
Level]/ 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
/[Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level] 
[⚫] 
[⚫] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
including a short 
description 
thereof 
if 
the 
Reference Entity 
is not a sovereign, 
where applicable] 
[⚫] 
[Senior 
Level]/ 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
/[Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level] 
(Repeat rows as necessary) 
(d) 
[Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes] – Settled Entity Matrix  
The table below reflects data from the Index Annex as at  Index Annex Date. 
Settled Entity: 
Weighted 
Average 
Final 
Price: 
Weighting: 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
(Repeat rows as necessary)

--- Page 1194 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1166 
 
APPENDIX 2 – INDEX SKEW NOTES 
The table below reflects data from the Index Annex as at Index Annex Date which will be subject to 
adjustments effected to the Index Annex. 
Reference 
Entity: 
Transaction 
Type: 
Weighting: 
Reference 
Entity 
Notional 
Amount: 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation: 
Reference 
Obligations: 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
where 
applicable, 
including a 
short 
description 
thereof if the 
Reference 
Entity is not a 
sovereign] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
where 
applicable, 
including a 
short 
description 
thereof if the 
Reference 
Entity is not a 
sovereign] 
(Repeat rows as necessary) 
Index Skew Notes – Hypothetical Single Name Set 
Reference 
Entity 
Transaction 
Type 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation 
Reference 
Obligation 
Seniority 
Level 
Floating 
Rate Payer 
Calculation 
Amount 
(Insert 
Currency) 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
where 
applicable, 
including a 
short 
description 
thereof if the 
Reference 
Entity is not 
a sovereign] 
[Senior Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
[Senior Non 
Preferred 
Level] 
[Specify]

--- Page 1195 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
1167 
 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
where 
applicable, 
including a 
short 
description 
thereof if the 
Reference 
Entity is not 
a sovereign] 
[Senior Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
[Senior Non 
Preferred 
Level] 
[Specify] 
(Repeat rows as necessary)

--- Page 1196 ---
STRADDLE OFFER SECURITIES 
1168 
 
SECTION H - STRADDLE OFFER SECURITIES 
SECURITIES WITH OFFER PERIODS CONTINUING BEYOND THE VALIDITY OF THE 
MAY 2020 CGMFL UNDERLYING LINKED NOTES BASE PROSPECTUS 
The Offer Period (as defined in the relevant Final Terms) of the May 2020 Base Prospectus Securities 
(as defined below) extends beyond the validity of the May 2020 CGMFL Underlying Linked Notes Base 
Prospectus (as defined in the section of this Base Prospectus entitled "Documents Incorporated by 
Reference for the CGMFL Base Prospectus"). Following the expiry of the May 2020 CGMFL 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus and the approval of the CGMFL Base Prospectus (as defined 
in this Base Prospectus) the offering of the May 2020 Base Prospectus Securities will continue under the 
CGMFL Base Prospectus. The terms and conditions of the securities from the May 2020 CGMFL 
Underlying Linked Notes Base Prospectus or such other base prospectus as specified in the Final Terms 
(and in each case which are incorporated by reference into the CGMFL Base Prospectus) will continue 
to apply to the May 2020 Base Prospectus Securities. The Final Terms in respect of the May 2020 Base 
Prospectus Securities are available at the website(s) specified therein. 
Investors who have already agreed to purchase or subscribe for the May 2020 Base Prospectus 
Securities during the validity period of the May 2020 CGMFL Underlying Linked Notes Base 
Prospectus and before the CGMFL Base Prospectus was published, shall have a right, exercisable 
within two working days after the publication of the CGMFL Base Prospectus ending on 22 
December 2020, to withdraw their acceptances, unless the May 2020 Base Prospectus Securities 
have already been delivered to them. In order to exercise such withdrawal right, investors may 
contact the relevant Authorised Offeror.  
For the purposes hereof, "May 2020 Base Prospectus Securities" means: 
Name of the May 2020 Base Prospectus 
Securities 
ISIN 
Issue of up to GBP 5,000,000 Coupon Barrier 
Autocall Notes due February 2028 linked to the 
Worst Performing of Barclays PLC, Aviva PLC 
and Vodafone Group PLC (CGMFL21219) 
XS2259146566 
Issue of up to EUR 5,000,000 Autocall Barrier 
Notes due January 2027 linked to EURO STOXX 
50® Index (CGMFL21142) 
XS2259157845 
Issue of up to 5,000 Worst of Snowballing 
Autocall Certificates linked to a Basket of Shares 
due February 2026 (CGMFL21955) 
SE0015245220 
Issue 
of 
up 
to 
EUR50,000,000 
Reverse 
Convertible Notes due January 2026 linked to the 
MSCI World EUR Index (CGMFL20372) 
XS2243844326 
Issue of Up to 10,000 Units of Euro 1,000 
Memory Coupon Barrier Autocall Certificates 
Based Upon the Worst Performing of A2A 
S.p.A., Enel S.p.A. and TechnipFMC PLC 
(CGMFL21565) 
XS1575020695

--- Page 1197 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
1169 
 
SECTION I – INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
 
Page 
Page 
$ ................................................................... xxi 
€ ................................................................... xxi 
€STR............................................................. 48 
1/1 ............................................................... 785 
10-year Limitation Date ............................. 578 
2.5-year Limitation Date ............................ 578 
2014 ISDA Definitions ............................... 622 
2017 Prospectus Regulation ....................... 209 
2019 
Narrowly 
Tailored 
Credit 
Event 
Supplement ......................................... 553, 622 
30/360 ......................................................... 783 
30E/360 ...................................................... 784 
30E/360 (ISDA) ......................................... 784 
360/360 ....................................................... 783 
A ................................................................. 627 
Abandonment of Scheme ........................... 378 
Abs ............................................. 627, 698, 739 
absolute value ............................................. 169 
Absolute Value ........................... 627, 698, 739 
Accelerated or Matured ...................... 566, 597 
accredited investor ...................................... 200 
accredited investors .................................... 200 
Accrual Business Day................................. 779 
Accrual Condition .............................. 776, 780 
Accrual Condition 1 ................................... 780 
Accrual Condition 2 ................................... 780 
Accrual Condition 3 ................................... 780 
Accrual Cut-Off Date ......................... 627, 780 
Accrual Day ................................................ 780 
Accrual Days .............................................. 780 
Accrual Factor ............................................ 776 
Accrual Interest Rate .................................. 776 
accrual-method holder ................................ 218 
Accrued Interest ......................................... 252 
Actual Exercise Date .................................. 317 
Actual Interim Valuation Date ................... 407 
Actual Redemption Valuation Date ............ 407 
Actual/360 .................................................. 783 
Actual/365 (Fixed)...................................... 783 
Actual/365 (Sterling) .................................. 783 
Actual/Actual .............................................. 783 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) ................................ 783 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) ................................. 783 
Additional Adjustment Event ..................... 751 
Additional Disruption Event358, 383, 390, 400, 
407 
Additional Early Redemption Event ........... 751 
Additional 
French 
Law 
Securities 
Requirements .............................................. 349 
Additional Requirements ............................ 347 
Additional Risk Event ................................ 553 
Additional Risk Event Start Date ............... 553 
Adj .............................................................. 780 
Adjustment Event ....................................... 751 
Adjustment Spread ............................... 53, 798 
Administrator/Benchmark Event ................ 757 
Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions . 83 
Advisor Resignation Event ......................... 412 
AEOI ........................................................... 291 
AEOI Act .................................................... 291 
AF ............................................................... 739 
Affected Component ................................... 430 
Affected Depositary Receipt ....................... 398 
Affected Mutual Fund ................................. 413 
Affected Mutual Fund Interests .................. 414 
Affected Mutual Fund Valuation Date ........ 414 
Affected Mutual Fund Value ...................... 414 
Affected Reference Entity ........................... 553 
Affected Relevant Assets ............................ 795 
Affected Valuation Date ............................. 430 
Affiliate ....................................................... 354 
Agencies.............................................. 127, 128 
Agents ......................................................... 299 
Aggregate Default Count ............................ 553 
Aggregate Loss Amount ............................. 554 
Aggregate Outstanding Amount ................. 585 
Aggregate Recovery Amount ...................... 554 
Aggregate Settled Entity Loss Amount ....... 554 
Aggregate Settled Entity Recovery Amount
 .................................................................... 554 
All Monies Guarantee ................................. 143 
Allowance Directive ................................... 378 
Alternate Cash Redemption Amount .......... 795 
Amending Cooperation Directive ............... 256 
AMF .................................................... 188, 204 
Analysis Provider .......................................... 40 
Annuity ....................................................... 739 
Annuity Factor ............................................ 739 
Annuity Floor .............................................. 739 
APMs .......................................................... 151 
Applicable Auction ..................................... 554 
Applicable 
Credit 
Derivatives 
Auction 
Settlement Terms ........................................ 554 
Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement
 .................................................................... 555 
Applicable 
DC 
Credit 
Event 
Meeting 
Announcement ............................................ 555 
Applicable DC Credit Event Question ........ 555 
Applicable 
DC 
Credit 
Event 
Question 
Dismissal ..................................................... 555 
Applicable DC No Credit Event Announcement
 .................................................................... 556 
applicable Final Terms .................................viii 
applicable laws ............................................ 590 
applicable Pricing Supplement .....................viii 
Applicable Principal Currency Amount ...... 556 
Applicable Proportion ................................. 556 
Applicable Resolution ................................. 556 
Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement 
Terms .......................................................... 557

--- Page 1198 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
1170 
 
ARRC ........................................................... 48 
ART ............................................................ 258 
Articles ....................................................... 139 
ASIC ........................................................... 199 
Asset ........................................................... 557 
Asset Market Value .................................... 557 
Asset Package ..................................... 464, 557 
Asset Package Cash Redemption Amount . 530 
Asset Package Credit Event ........................ 557 
Asset Package Delivery .............................. 173 
Asset Transfer Notice ................................. 788 
Asset Trigger Event .................................... 407 
Assignable Loan ................................. 566, 597 
ATAD ........................................................... 10 
ATAD 2 ........................................................ 10 
Attachment Point ........................................ 557 
Auction ....................................... 458, 557, 591 
Auction Cancellation Date ......................... 557 
Auction Final Price ..................................... 558 
Auction Final Price Determination Date .... 558 
Auction Redemption Amount ..................... 558 
Auction Redemption Amount Notice ......... 558 
Auction Redemption Date .......................... 558 
Australian Bond Basis ................................ 785 
Authorised Offeror ....................................... xii 
Authorised Offeror Terms ........................... xiii 
Authorised Offeror(s) ................................. 980 
Authorities ...................................................... 8 
Autocall Observation Date ......................... 745 
Automatic Exercise .................................... 317 
Average Highest ......................................... 618 
Average Market .......................................... 618 
B ................................................................. 628 
bail-in option .................................................. 8 
bail-in power............................................... 356 
Bank Rate ....................................... 55, 86, 764 
Banking Act ............................................ 8, 206 
banking organisation .................................. 185 
Bankruptcy ................................................. 558 
Barrier ......................................................... 780 
Barrier 1 ...................................................... 780 
Barrier 2 ...................................................... 780 
Barrier 3 ...................................................... 780 
Base Currency ............................................ 415 
Base Level .................................................. 368 
Base Listing Particulars ......... vii, viii, 992, 993 
Base Prospectus ......................... i, vii, 810, 811 
Belgian Investor ......................................... 245 
Belgium ...................................................... 243 
Benchmark.................................................. 757 
Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event
 .................................................................... 757 
Benchmark Regulation ................................. 46 
Benchmark Replacement ............................ 801 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment ........ 801 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes
 .................................................................... 802 
Benchmark Replacement Date ................... 802 
Benchmark Transition Event ...................... 802 
Benchmark Transition Provisions .............. 800 
Benchmarks Regulation ................................. xi 
Beneficial Owner ........................................ 186 
Beneficiary .................................................. 146 
BEPS Project ................................................... 8 
Best Cliquet B Final Valuation Date ........... 716 
Best Cliquet B Interest Valuation Date ....... 650 
Best Oasis Performer .................................. 628 
Best Oasis Redemption Performer .............. 699 
Best of Amount ........................................... 312 
Big Data Analysis ......................................... 40 
Bloomberg® ..................................... 977, 1159 
Board of Managers ...................................... 140 
Bond .................................................... 586, 597 
Bond Basis .................................................. 783 
Bond Index .................................................. 358 
Bond or Loan .............................................. 586 
Borrowed Money ................................ 586, 597 
bridge institution ............................................. 9 
BRL ............................................................. 421 
BRR Act 2015 ................................................. 9 
BRRD ..................................................... 9, 357 
Bullion Commodity .................................... 378 
Business Day ............................................... 354 
Business Day Convention ........................... 324 
Business Investors ....................................... 255 
C .................................................................. 700 
C(WUMP)O ................................................ 205 
C.F.R. .......................................................... 356 
CA ............................................................... 737 
Calculation Agent ....................................... 299 
Calculation Agent Determination ....... 378, 419 
Calculation Amount .................................... 355 
Calculation Period ....................................... 782 
Call Cap .............................................. 698, 739 
Call Floor ............................................ 698, 739 
Cancellation ................................................ 378 
Capital Ratio ............................................... 559 
Cash Redemption Amount .......................... 559 
Cash Redemption Amount Notice .............. 559 
Cash Redemption Date ............................... 559 
Cash Settled Securities ........................... vi, 300 
cash-method holder ..................................... 218 
CBB ...........................................................xxiii 
CCO ............................................................ 140 
CCP ............................................................. 450 
CDI ................................................................. x 
CDI Holders ................................................ 189 
CDIs ............................................................ 189 
CEA ............................................................... xi 
Central Bank .......................................... vi, 205 
Certificate Balance ...................................... 559 
Certificates ............................................. iv, 301 
CFTC ..................................................... xi, 752 
CGMFL .......................... iii, 139, 146, 292, 299 
CGMFL 2018 Annual Report ..................... 110 
CGMFL 2019 Annual Report ..................... 110 
CGMFL 2020 Interim Financial Report ..... 110 
CGMFL Base Listing Particulars .......... vii, viii 
CGMFL Base Prospectus ..................... viii, xix 
CGMFL Deed of Covenant ......................... 299

--- Page 1199 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
1171 
 
CGMFL Deed of Guarantee .................. iii, 300 
CGMFL Guarantor ................................ iii, 299 
CGMFL Guarantor 2018 Annual Report .... 110 
CGMFL Guarantor 2019 Annual Report .... 110 
CGMFL Guarantor 2020 Interim Report .... 110 
CGMFL Securities .......................... xi, 10, 356 
CGMHI .......................................... iii, 134, 299 
CGMHI 2018 Annual Report ....................... 99 
CGMHI 2019 Annual Report ....................... 99 
CGMHI 2020 Half-Yearly Financial Report 99 
CGMHI Base Listing Particulars .................. vii 
CGMHI Base Listing Particulars ................. viii 
CGMHI Base Prospectus ...................... viii, xix 
CGMHI Deed of Covenant ......................... 299 
CGMHI Deed of Guarantee ................... iii, 299 
CGMHI Guarantor................................. iii, 299 
CGMHI Rule 144A Deed Poll.................... xxii 
CGML ........................................... iii, 144, 299 
Chairman .................................................... 337 
Change in Law ............................................ 751 
CISA ........................................................... 214 
CIT ............................................................. 283 
CIT Act ....................................................... 274 
CIT Law ..................................................... 281 
CIT Regulations ......................................... 284 
Citi ................................................. iii, 126, 134 
Citi Support Agreement ...................... 127, 128 
Citicorp ............................................... 127, 128 
Citigroup ........................................ iii, 126, 134 
Citigroup Inc. 2019 Form 10-K ...... 89, 99, 110 
Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q1 Form 10-Q 89, 99, 111 
Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q1 Form 8-K .. 89, 99, 111 
Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q2 Form 10-Q89, 100, 111 
Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q2 Form 8-K 89, 100, 111 
Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q3 Form 10-Q90, 100, 112 
Citigroup Inc. 2020 Q3 Form 8-K 90, 100, 111 
Citigroup Inc. 9 October 2020 Form 8-K .... 89, 
100, 111 
Citigroup Inc. Base Listing Particulars .. vii, viii 
Citigroup Inc. Base Prospectus ........... viii, xviii 
Citigroup Inc. Deed of Covenant ................ 299 
Citigroup Inc. Rule 144A Deed Poll .......... xxii 
Class ........................................................... 292 
clearing agency ........................................... 185 
clearing corporation .................................... 185 
Clearing Systems ........................................ 185 
Clearstream, Luxembourg ..................... ix, 302 
Cliquet Final Decimal................................. 717 
Cliquet Final Performance Floor ................ 716 
Cliquet Final Performance Sum ................. 717 
Cliquet Final Performance Sum Integer ..... 717 
Cliquet Interim Performance Floor ............. 650 
Cliquet Interim Performance Sum .............. 650 
Cliquet Interim Performance Sum Integer .. 650 
Cliquet Underlying Return ......................... 651 
Cliquet Underlying Return (Final) ............. 717 
CMA ........................................................... 210 
CMB ........................................................... 215 
CMF ................................................... 201, 204 
CMS Interest Rate .............................. 771, 782 
CMS Rate Securities ................................... 771 
CMS Reference Rate ................................... 771 
CMS Reference Rate [1]879, 886, 896, 1064, 
1071, 1082 
CMS Reference Rate 1 ................................ 771 
CMS Reference Rate 2772, 879, 886, 896, 
1064, 1071, 1082 
CMVM ........................................................ 209 
CNBV ......................................................... 207 
CoCo Provision ........................................... 560 
CoCo Reference Entity ............................... 560 
Code ......................... xi, 19, 194, 325, 809, 992 
Collective Investment Fund Tax ................. 262 
Combined Prior Count ................................ 539 
Commission's Proposal ............................... 291 
Commodity ................................................. 378 
Commodity Condition ................................ 378 
Commodity Dealers .................................... 378 
Commodity Exchange Act .......................... 752 
Commodity Index ....................................... 372 
Commodity Index Adjustment Event.......... 376 
Commodity Index Cancellation .................. 375 
Commodity Index Condition ...................... 372 
Commodity Index Disruption ..................... 376 
Commodity Index Linked Securities ............. vi 
Commodity Index Modification .................. 375 
Commodity Index Substitution ................... 376 
Commodity Linked Securities ....................... vi 
Commodity Price ........................................ 378 
Common Safekeeper ................................... 181 
Companies Act 1915 ................................... 139 
Company ..................................................... 126 
comparable yield ......................................... 221 
Competent Authority ..................................... vi 
Competent Official...... 387, 396, 404, 411, 440 
Component .......................................... 372, 427 
component CDSs .................................. 78, 179 
Component Cut-off Date ............................. 430 
Component Disrupted Day.......................... 430 
Component Scheduled Trading Day ........... 430 
component securities ..................................... 22 
Component Security .................................... 358 
Component Share ........................................ 383 
Component Share Additional Adjustment 
Event ........................................................... 388 
Component Share Company ....................... 383 
Component Trading Day ............................. 372 
Component Valuation Roll ......................... 430 
Compounded Daily SOFR .......................... 765 
Compounded Daily SONIA ........................ 762 
Compounded SOFR .................................... 803 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation ....... 560 
Conditions ................................... 298, 810, 993 
Conforming Reference Obligation .............. 560 
Consent Period .............................................xiii 
Consent Required Loan ....................... 566, 597 
constituent Hypothetical Skew Transactions
 .................................................................... 620 
Contingent Securities .................................. 221 
Contributable Assets ........................... 127, 128

--- Page 1200 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
1172 
 
control ......................................................... 354 
Corporate Action ......... 385, 394, 402, 410, 439 
Corporate Manager ..................................... 140 
Corrected Level .......................................... 750 
Correction Period363, 375, 382, 388, 398, 413, 
428, 432, 751 
corresponding ............................................. 620 
Corresponding Tenor .......................... 798, 803 
Coupon Amount ................................. 768, 771 
covered entities ............................................... 6 
Covered Instrument .................................... 356 
Covered Instruments ....................................... 6 
CRA Regulation .................. xvi, 972, 973, 974 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms
 .................................................................... 560 
Credit Derivatives Definitions .................... 560 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee
 .................................................................... 560 
Credit Event ................................................ 560 
Credit Event Backstop Date ............... 172, 561 
Credit Event Notice .................................... 561 
Credit Event Redemption Amount ............. 562 
Credit Event Redemption Date ................... 562 
Credit Event Redemption Method .............. 562 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date 447, 562 
Credit Event Writedown Date .................... 563 
Credit Events .............................................. 169 
Credit Linked Conditions ........................... 483 
Credit Linked Note ..................................... 563 
Credit Linked Notes ......................... iv, vi, 483 
Credit Payment on Maturity Amount ......... 563 
CREST ..................................x, 189, 977, 1160 
CREST Deed Poll ....................................... 190 
CREST Depository ..................................... 189 
CREST International Manual ..................... 190 
CREST International Settlement Links Service
 .................................................................... 190 
CREST Manual .......................................... 189 
CREST Nominee ........................................ 189 
CREST Rules ............................................. 190 
cross rate ..................................................... 169 
Cross Rate I Designated Page ..... 628, 667, 700 
Cross Rate I Designated Time .... 628, 667, 700 
Cross Rate II Designated Page ... 628, 667, 700 
Cross Rate II Designated Time ... 628, 667, 700 
Cross-contamination ........................... 405, 413 
CRR ............................................................ 563 
CSSF....................................9, 89, 99, 110, 357 
Currency Amount ....................................... 563 
Currency Disruption Event ......................... 416 
Currency Pair .............................................. 415 
Currency Rate ............................................. 563 
Currency Rate Source ................................. 563 
Currency Settlement Disruption Event 419, 424 
Current Base Listing Particulars ................. 993 
Current Base Prospectus ............................. 811 
CUSIP ......................................................... 563 
Custodian .................................................... 563 
Cut-off Date ........................................ 367, 788 
Cut-off Valuation Date ............... 434, 437, 748 
CVM ........................................................... 200 
Czech Banking Act ..................................... 202 
Czech Capital Market Act ........................... 201 
d .......................................................... 763, 765 
D ................................................................. 700 
d0 ........................................................ 763, 766 
D1 ............................................................... 784 
D2 ....................................................... 784, 785 
Day Count Fraction ..................................... 782 
days accrued ................................................ 781 
Days Accrued .............................................. 661 
days observed .............................................. 781 
Days Observed ............................................ 661 
dc................................................................. 767 
DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date 563 
DC Credit Event Announcement ................ 563 
DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement .. 564 
DC Credit Event Question .......................... 564 
DC Credit Event Question Dismissal .......... 564 
DC Member .................................................. 65 
DC No Credit Event Announcement........... 564 
DC Resolution ............................................. 564 
DC Rules ............................................... 65, 564 
DC Secretary ............................................... 564 
DC-determined EDD .......................... 515, 564 
DCF ............................................................. 662 
Dealer ............................................................. vi 
Dealers ........................................................... vi 
Dealership Agreement ................................ 193 
Decree No. 201 ........................................... 266 
Decree No. 239 ........................................... 261 
Decree No. 461 ........................................... 264 
Deeds of Covenant ...................................... 299 
Default Accrual Cut-Off Date ..................... 780 
Default Requirement ................................... 564 
default right ................................................. 356 
default rights ................................................... 6 
Deferral Period ............................................ 423 
Delayed Publication and Announcement .... 378 
Delisting .............................. 386, 395, 403, 407 
Deliver ................................................ 564, 565 
Deliverable Obligation ................................ 565 
Deliverable Obligation Category ................ 566 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics ....... 566 
Deliverable Obligation Notice ............ 522, 567 
Deliverable Obligation Provisions .............. 567 
Deliverable Obligation Terms ..................... 567 
Deliverable Obligations .............................. 458 
Delivered ..................................................... 565 
Delivery ...................................................... 565 
Delivery Date .............................. 379, 567, 791 
Delivery Expenses ...................................... 567 
Denomination Currency .............. 796, 813, 995 
Deposit ........................................................ 227 
Deposit Agreement ..................................... 390 
Deposit Value ............................................. 228 
Depositary ................................................... 390 
Depositary Receipt ...................................... 390 
Depositary Receipt Condition ..................... 390 
Depositary Receipt Exchange ..................... 390

--- Page 1201 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
1173 
 
Depositary Receipt Exchange Business Day
 .................................................................... 390 
Depositary Receipt Linked Securities ........... vi 
Depositary Receipt Related Exchange........ 390 
Depositary Receipt Substitution ................. 398 
Depositary Receipt Substitution Criteria .... 398 
Designated Maturity 875, 876, 898, 1061, 1083 
Designated Page ......................... 628, 667, 700 
Designated Time ......................... 628, 667, 700 
De-stapling Event ....................................... 388 
Determination Agent .................................. 785 
Determination Period.................................. 785 
DFSA .......................................................... 203 
Direct Loan Participation ................... 566, 597 
Direct Participants ...................................... 185 
Disappearance of Commodity Price ........... 379 
Disbursing Agent ........................................ 253 
Dispute ....................................................... 353 
Disrupted Day360, 373, 379, 381, 384, 392, 
401, 410, 416, 422, 428, 432, 435 
Disrupted Rate) ........................................... 437 
Disruption Cash Redemption Amount........ 794 
Disruption Event ................................. 379, 419 
Disruption Fallback ............................ 379, 420 
distribution.................................................... 38 
distributions ................................................ 279 
distributor .................................................. xxiii 
Dividend Futures Contract ......................... 431 
Dividend Futures Contract Adjustment Event
 .................................................................... 433 
Dividend Futures Contract Cancellation .... 433 
Dividend Futures Contract Condition ......... 431 
Dividend Futures Contract Disruption........ 433 
Dividend Futures Contract Linked Securities vi 
Dividend Futures Contract Modification .... 433 
Dividend Futures Contract Sponsor ........... 431 
Dividend Futures Contract Substitution ..... 433 
Dodd-Frank Act .................................. 126, 128 
Domestic Currency ..................................... 567 
Domestic Law ............................................. 567 
Downstream Affiliate ................................. 567 
DTC ............................................... ix, 181, 302 
DTC Rules .................................................. 185 
DTC Securities ........................................... 185 
DTCC ................................................... 51, 185 
Dual Currency Exchange Rate ................... 796 
Dual Exchange Rate ................................... 416 
Due and Payable Amount ........................... 567 
Early Redemption Amount ......................... 442 
Early Redemption Date .............................. 312 
Early Redemption Event ............................. 751 
Early Redemption Notice ........................... 439 
Early Redemption Put Notice ..................... 310 
Early Redemption Valuation Date .............. 442 
Ecuador Reference Entity ........................... 568 
EEA ............................................................... vi 
Effective Date ............................................. 568 
EIN ............................................................. 134 
Electronic Consent...................................... 334 
Electronic Page ........................................... 752 
Eligible Index .............................................. 622 
Eligible Information .................................... 568 
Eligible Transferee ...................................... 568 
EMU ........................................................... 367 
English Law Securities ...................... ix, 1, 298 
Entitlement .......................................... 729, 746 
Entitlement Price ......................................... 729 
Entitlement Ratio ........................................ 729 
Entitlement Underlying ............................... 729 
Equality Adjustment ................... 628, 667, 700 
Equivalent Amount ..................................... 729 
equivalent fixed-rate debt instrument .......... 221 
Equivalent Mutual Fund Interest ................. 413 
ERISA ............................ xi, 192, 194, 809, 992 
ERISA Plans ............................................... 192 
ESMA ............................................................ xi 
Established Rate .......................................... 352 
ESTR ............................................................. 48 
ETF ................................................................ vi 
ETF Linked Securities ................................... vi 
ETF Share ................................................... 400 
ETF Share Substitution ............................... 405 
ETF Share Substitution Criteria .................. 405 
EU ................................................................. 86 
EUR ............................................................. xxi 
EUR Swap Rate .......................................... 772 
EURIBOR ..................................................... 47 
euro .............................................................. xxi 
Euro .............................................................. xxi 
Euro MTF ..................................................... vii 
Eurobond Basis ........................................... 784 
Euroclear ........................................ ix, 302, 568 
Euroclear Finland ............................................ x 
Euroclear Finland Register.......................... 306 
Euroclear Finland Registrar ........................ 306 
Euroclear Finland Rules .............................. 303 
Euroclear France .................................... ix, 302 
Euroclear France Accountholder .... x, 182, 303 
Euroclear Sweden ................................... x, 300 
Euronext Dublin ..................................... vi, 345 
European Style Certificates ......................... 317 
EuroSTR ....................................................... 48 
EuroTLX ............................................... vii, 301 
Euro-zone .................................................... 355 
Event Currency ........................................... 415 
Event Currency Jurisdiction ........................ 415 
Event Determination Date ........................... 569 
Event of Default .......................................... 329 
Exchange ............. 358, 372, 379, 383, 400, 431 
Exchange Act ........................ xxii, 98, 109, 122 
Exchange Agent .......................................... 299 
Exchange Bonds or Loans................... 466, 614 
Exchange Business Day ...... 358, 372, 383, 400 
Exchange Event .......................................... 183 
Exchange Rate .................................... 415, 420 
Excluded Deliverable Obligation ........ 567, 569 
Excluded Obligation ........................... 569, 588 
Exempt Offer .............................................. 203 
Exempt Securities ................................. vii, 298 
Exercise Amount ......................... 461, 517, 569

--- Page 1202 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
1174 
 
Exercise Date .............................................. 319 
Exercise Expenses ...................................... 319 
Exercise Notice ........................................... 318 
Exhaustion Point ......................................... 569 
Expenses ..................................................... 790 
Expiry Date......................................... 355, 431 
Extended Maturity Date ............................. 569 
Extension Date ........................................... 570 
Extraordinary Dividend .......383, 391, 400, 407 
Failure by a Fund Service Provider ............ 413 
Failure to Deliver ........................................ 795 
Failure to Deliver Redemption Amount ..... 795 
Failure to Pay.............................................. 570 
Fair Market Value ...................................... 312 
Fair Market Value plus Pro Rata Issuer Cost 
Reimbursement ........................................... 313 
Fallback Bond ............................................. 367 
Fallback Cash Redemption Amount ........... 528 
Fallback Cash Redemption Date ................ 528 
Fallback Commodity Dealers ..................... 379 
Fallback Commodity Price ......................... 379 
Fallback Discounting .................................. 590 
Fallback Redemption Method .................... 570 
FCA ............................................................ 144 
FDIC ............................................................ xvi 
February 2016 CGMFL Underlying Linked 
Notes Base Prospectus ................................ 112 
February 2016 CGMHI Underlying Linked 
Notes Base Prospectus ................................ 100 
February 2016 Citigroup Inc. Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus ..................... 90 
February 2017 CGMFL Underlying Linked 
Notes Base Prospectus ................................ 112 
February 2017 CGMHI Underlying Linked 
Notes Base Prospectus ................................ 101 
February 2017 Citigroup Inc. Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus ..................... 91 
February 2018 CGMFL Underlying Linked 
Notes Base Prospectus ................................ 113 
February 2018 CGMHI Underlying Linked 
Notes Base Prospectus ................................ 101 
February 2018 Citigroup Inc. Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus ..................... 91 
Federal Reserve .......................................... 126 
Federal Reserve Board ................. 89, 100, 111 
Fees or Charges Event ................................ 407 
FEIN ........................................................... 134 
FICC ............................................................. 51 
FIEA ........................................................... 207 
Final Auction Redemption Amount ........... 570 
Final Auction Redemption Date ................. 571 
Final Barrier Level ..................................... 726 
Final Cash Redemption Amount ................ 571 
Final Cash Redemption Date ...................... 571 
Final FX Perf Valuation Date ............. 631, 741 
Final Interest Period End Date.................... 785 
Final LA Cash Redemption Amount .......... 571 
Final LA Cash Redemption Date ................ 571 
Final List .................................................... 571 
Final Outperformance A Underlying(s)...... 700 
Final Outperformance B Underlying(s) ...... 700 
Final Participation Rate ............................... 742 
Final Participation Rate Call ....................... 742 
Final Participation Rate Put ........................ 743 
Final Performance ............................... 700, 745 
Final Performance Underlying(s) ................ 719 
Final Period Performance............................ 718 
Final Period Performance 1......................... 718 
Final Period Performance 2......................... 718 
Final Period Performance 3......................... 718 
Final Period Performance Percentage ......... 719 
Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date .. 534, 
571 
Final Price ................................................... 571 
Final Price Determination Date ................... 521 
Final Reference Level ......................... 720, 745 
Final Reference Level (Last FVD) .............. 719 
Final Terms .......................................... viii, 298 
Final Valuation Date ........................... 699, 745 
FinalPerf...................................................... 743 
Financial Services Act ........................ 206, 980 
Financial Transaction Tax ........................... 251 
Finnish Securities .................................... x, 303 
Finnish Securities Issuing and Paying Agency 
Agreement ................................................... 300 
FinSA ........................................... xiv, 807, 990 
FinSO ........................................................... xiv 
First Entity .................................................. 354 
First Fallback Electronic Page .................... 420 
First Fallback Rate Source .......................... 420 
First Fallback Reference Price .................... 420 
First Fallback Reference Rate ..................... 420 
First Fallback Valuation Time .................... 420 
First Futures Contract ................................. 380 
First Nearby Month ..................................... 380 
First Obligation ........................................... 587 
Fiscal Agency Agreement ........................... 299 
Fiscal Agent ................................................ 299 
Fitch .............................................................. xv 
Fixed Cap .................................................... 572 
Fixed Interest Rate ...................................... 785 
Fixed Recovery Percentage ......................... 572 
flat tax ......................................................... 252 
Floating Interest Rate .................................. 785 
foreign currency .......................................... 218 
Foreign Currency Contingent Security ....... 223 
FPR742, 945, 947, 948, 1129, 1130, 1131, 
1132, 1133 
FPR Call ...................................................... 742 
FPR Put ....................................................... 743 
FPU ............................................. 719, 729, 731 
Fractional Entitlement ................................. 793 
freely tradeable ........................................... 795 
French Cleared Securities ........................... 302 
French Law Securities ........................ ix, 1, 352 
French Law Securities Registration Agent.. 299 
French Securities Issuing and Paying Agent
 .................................................................... 299 
French Shares .............................................. 251 
FRL ............................................................. 739

--- Page 1203 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
1175 
 
FSMA ......................................................... 198 
FTT ..................................................... 246, 291 
Full Quotation ............................................. 572 
Fully Transferable Obligation .................... 572 
Fund .................................................... 262, 400 
Fund Administrator ............................ 400, 407 
Fund Adviser ...................................... 400, 407 
Fund Adviser Event .................................... 408 
Fund Documents ................................. 400, 408 
Fund Modification .............................. 405, 412 
Fund Service Provider ........................ 400, 408 
Funding Interest Amount ............................ 488 
Funding Interest Rate ................................. 572 
Further Subordinated Obligation ................ 572 
Futures Contract ......................................... 379 
FX ............................................... 628, 667, 721 
FX Perf Cross Rate A Currency ......... 631, 741 
FX Perf Cross Rate B Currency ......... 631, 741 
FX Perf Cross Rate C Currency ......... 631, 741 
FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Page 631, 741 
FX Perf Cross Rate I Designated Time631, 741 
FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated Page ..... 631, 
741 
FX Perf Cross Rate II Designated Time .... 631, 
741 
FX Perf Designated Page .................... 631, 741 
FX Perf Designated Time ................... 631, 741 
FX Perf Final .............................. 629, 668, 740 
FX Perf Initial ............................. 630, 669, 740 
FX Perf Rate ....................................... 631, 741 
fx performance ........................................... 169 
FX Performance ......................... 629, 668, 739 
FX Rate ...................................... 415, 420, 572 
FX Rate Condition ...................................... 415 
FX Rate Linked Securities ............................. vi 
FX Rate Set Date ........................................ 572 
FX Rate Source .......................................... 420 
GBP ............................................................. xxi 
GBP Swap Rate .......................................... 772 
General Conditions ..................................... 298 
General Inconvertibility .............................. 416 
General Meeting ......................................... 332 
General Non-Transferability....................... 416 
Global Exchange Market .............................. vii 
Global Lock-in Floor Trigger ..................... 652 
Global Lock-in Redemption Floor Trigger . 719 
Global Lock-in Redemption Sum ............... 719 
Global Lock-in Sum ................................... 652 
Global Registered Security Certificate .. ix, 298 
Global Registered Security Certificates...... 181 
Governmental Authority ............. 415, 422, 572 
Governmental Authority Default ................ 416 
Governmental Intervention ......................... 573 
GPR ............................................ 694, 695, 733 
Grace Period ............................................... 573 
Grace Period Business Day ........................ 574 
Grace Period Extension Date ...................... 574 
Greece ......................................................... 256 
Greek tax residents ..................................... 256 
Group .............................................................. 3 
G-SIBs ............................................................ 6 
Guarantee .................................................... 574 
Guarantor ............................................... iii, 146 
Guarantors ......................................................iii 
Hedge Disruption Obligation .............. 525, 574 
hedging arrangements ................................. 342 
Hedging Disruption ..................................... 752 
Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event
 .................................................................... 752 
Hedging Party ............................................. 752 
Hedging Position ......................................... 753 
Hellenic Reference Entity ........................... 574 
Helsinki Banking Day ................................. 321 
Highest ........................................................ 618 
HMRC ......................................................... 237 
holder .................................................. 301, 302 
holder of Securities ............................. 183, 302 
Holding Ratio Change ................................. 408 
Hong Kong .......................................... 205, 753 
Hypothetical 
Index 
Untranched 
Swap 
Confirmation ............................................... 623 
Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction
 .................................................................... 623 
Hypothetical Investor .................................. 408 
Hypothetical ISDA Master Agreement ....... 623 
Hypothetical Single Name Set .................... 623 
Hypothetical Single Name Swap Confirmation
 .................................................................... 623 
Hypothetical Single Name Transaction ...... 623 
Hypothetical Skew Confirmation ................ 624 
Hypothetical Skew Transaction .................. 624 
Hypothetical Swap Counterparty ................ 624 
Hypothetical Swap Termination Value ....... 624 
i ........................................................... 763, 766 
ICG ..................................................... 134, 140 
IFTT ............................................................ 267 
IGA ............................................................. 281 
IGT .............................................................. 283 
IHC ..................................................... 127, 128 
IIT ............................................................... 282 
IIT Law ....................................................... 281 
IIT Regulations ........................................... 282 
Illegality ...................................................... 751 
Illegality Event ............................................ 309 
Illegality Event (Impossible Performance) . 309 
Illegality Event (Possible Performance) ...... 309 
Illiquidity .................................................... 417 
Implicit Portfolio Size ................................. 574 
Income Tax Law ......................................... 246 
Inconvertibility Event ................................. 574 
Increased Cost of Hedging .......................... 753 
Increased Cost of Stock Borrow358, 383, 390, 
400 
Index ........................................................... 574 
Index Annex ................................................ 574 
Index Annex Date ....................................... 574 
Index Calculation Agent ................... 976, 1158 
index CDS ................................................... 468 
index component ........................................... 38 
Index Conditions ......................................... 427

--- Page 1204 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
1176 
 
Index Parties ............................................... 468 
Index Publisher ........................................... 574 
Index Skew Conditions ............................... 619 
Index Skew Early Redemption Amount ..... 622 
Index Skew Notes ............................. iv, vi, 619 
Index Skew Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount ....................................................... 623 
Index Skew Position ........................... 620, 624 
Index Sponsor358, 367, 372, 427, 575, 976, 
1158 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes ......... 575 
Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount 575 
Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount ...... 575 
Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount
 .................................................................... 575 
Index Tranched Non-Succession Reference 
Entities ........................................................ 542 
Index Tranched Redemption Amount ........ 575 
Index Tranched Succession Reference Entity
 .................................................................... 542 
Index Tranched Successor Entity ............... 542 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes ...... 575 
Index Untranched Non-Succession Reference 
Entities ........................................................ 541 
Index Untranched Partial Nominal Amount 541 
Index Untranched Succession Reference Entity
 .................................................................... 541 
Index Untranched Successor Entity ............ 541 
Indirect Participants .................................... 185 
Inflation Index ............................................ 367 
Inflation Index Condition ........................... 367 
Inflation Index Linked Securities .................. vi 
Initial Authorised Offeror(s) ....................... 980 
Initial FX Perf Valuation Date............ 631, 741 
Initial FX Rate .................................... 813, 995 
Initial Preference Share Reference Date ..... 441 
Initial Stock Loan Rate ........358, 383, 390, 401 
Insolvency ................... 386, 396, 403, 411, 440 
Insolvency Event ......... 386, 396, 403, 411, 440 
Insolvency Officer ....... 386, 396, 403, 411, 440 
Instrument Payments .................................. 576 
Insurance Distribution Directive 197, 807, 990 
Insured Instrument .............................. 576, 597 
Insured Obligor ................................... 576, 597 
interest ................................................ 271, 328 
Interest Adjustment .................................... 666 
Interest Amount ........... 660, 757, 768, 771, 774 
Interest Amount Inflation Index ................. 662 
Interest Barrier Event ................................. 658 
Interest Barrier Level .................................. 659 
Interest Barrier Observation Date ....... 626, 627 
Interest Barrier Underlying(s) .................... 659 
Interest Commencement Date .................... 785 
Interest Determination Date................ 762, 785 
Interest Initial Level ................................... 631 
Interest Lock-in Event ................................ 660 
Interest Lock-in Level ................................ 660 
Interest Observation Date ................... 778, 781 
Interest Participation Rate .......................... 666 
Interest Participation Rate (Spread Interest 
Rate) ............................................................ 774 
Interest Participation Rate 1 ........................ 772 
Interest Participation Rate 2 ........................ 772 
Interest Payment Date ................................. 626 
Interest Period ............................................. 786 
Interest Period End Date ............................. 786 
Interest Period Final Reference Level ......... 632 
Interest Period Initial Reference Level ....... 632 
Interest Period Strike Level......................... 632 
Interest Rate ................................................ 786 
Interest Reference Level ............................. 632 
Interest Strike Date ..................................... 627 
Interest Strike Level .................................... 633 
Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount ........ 488 
Interest Tax Deduction Amount .................. 576 
Interest Underlying ..................................... 633 
Interest Valuation Date ............................... 627 
Interim Outperformance A Underlying(s) .. 633 
Interim Outperformance B Underlying(s) ... 633 
Interim Performance ................................... 633 
Interim Performance Underlying(s) ............ 653 
Intermediaries ............................................. 267 
Intermediary ........................................ 262, 790 
Interpolated Benchmark .............................. 803 
Interpolated Reference Rate ........................ 798 
Intervening Period ....................................... 793 
In-the-Money .............................................. 320 
Investor ......................................................... xii 
IPR .............................................................. 666 
IPU .............................................................. 653 
IRAP ........................................................... 261 
IRES ............................................................ 261 
Irish Law Dispute ........................................ 353 
Irish Law Securities ........................... ix, 1, 298 
IRS ................................................................ 20 
ISARM ........................................................ 202 
ISDA ..................................... 82, 446, 576, 762 
ISDA Definitions ................................ 435, 762 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment ......................... 803 
ISDA Fallback Rate .................................... 803 
ISDA Rate ................................................... 762 
Issue Date .................................................... 344 
Issue Terms ............................ iii, viii, 298, 576 
Issuer ..............................................................iii 
Issuer Business Day .................................... 576 
Issuers ............................................................iii 
Issuer's Notice of Early Redemption ........... 310 
Italian Listed Certificates ............................ 301 
IVAFE ......................................................... 267 
January 2019 CGMFL Underlying Linked 
Notes Base Prospectus ................................ 113 
January 2019 CGMHI Underlying Linked 
Notes Base Prospectus ................................ 101 
January 2019 Citigroup Inc. Underlying Linked 
Notes Base Prospectus .................................. 91 
Joint Potential Successor ............................. 536 
Joint Relevant Obligation............................ 536 
July 2019 CGMFL Underlying Linked Notes 
Base Prospectus .......................................... 113

--- Page 1205 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
1177 
 
July 2019 CGMHI Underlying Linked Notes 
Base Prospectus .......................................... 101 
July 2019 Citigroup Inc. Underlying Linked 
Notes Base Prospectus .................................. 91 
June 2013 CGMFL Underlying Linked Notes 
Base Prospectus .......................................... 112 
June 2013 Citigroup Inc. Underlying Linked 
Notes Base Prospectus .................................. 90 
KID ............................................................. 209 
KPMG Luxembourg ................................... 142 
KSA Regulations ........................................ 210 
LA Cash Redemption Amount ................... 576 
LA Cash Redemption Date ......................... 576 
LA Cut-off Date ......................................... 577 
LA Interest Amount .................................... 577 
LA Physical Redemption Date ................... 577 
LA Recovery Amount ................................ 577 
LA Relevant Currency ................................ 577 
LA Settlement Assets ................................. 577 
LA Valuation Date ..................................... 577 
LA Value Date ............................................ 577 
Largest Asset Package ................................ 577 
Latest Level ................................................ 368 
Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan
 ............................................................ 578, 606 
Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date
 .................................................................... 578 
LBD ............................................................ 786 
LCY Reference Amount ............................. 578 
Legacy Reference Entity Count .................. 539 
Lev .............................................................. 781 
Liabilities .................................................... 146 
LIBOR .......................................................... 47 
Limitation ................................................... 418 
Limitation Date ........................................... 578 
Limitation Event ......................................... 408 
Limited Shareholders.................................. 139 
Limited Shares ............................................ 139 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes ............ 578 
Linear Basket Non-Succession Reference 
Entities ........................................................ 539 
Linear Basket Partial Nominal Amount .... 540, 
578 
Linear Basket Succession Reference Entity 539 
Linear Basket Successor Entity .................. 540 
Listed .......................................................... 588 
Loan ............................................................ 586 
Loan Alternative Procedure Start Date 527, 578 
Local Access Credit Linked Notes ............. 578 
Local Access Partial Nominal Amount544, 578 
Local Access Succession Reference Entity 544 
Local Access Successor Entity ........... 544, 578 
Local Currency ........................................... 750 
Local Jurisdiction ....................................... 753 
London Banking Day ................................. 786 
London Business Day ................................. 769 
Loss Amount .............................................. 579 
Loss of Stock Borrow ..........358, 383, 391, 401 
Loss Threshold Amount ............................. 579 
Lower Range .............................................. 781 
Lower Range 1 ............................................ 781 
Lower Range 2 ............................................ 781 
Lower Range 3 ............................................ 781 
Lowest ......................................................... 618 
M(M)R Restructuring ................................. 580 
M1 ....................................................... 783, 784 
M2 ............................................................... 784 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Event
 .................................................................... 685 
Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier Level
 .................................................................... 688 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Observation Date ........................................ 666 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Barrier 
Underlying(s) .............................................. 687 
Mandatory Early Redemption Date ............ 666 
Mandatory Early Redemption Initial Level 670 
Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance 
A Underlying(s) .......................................... 671 
Mandatory Early Redemption Outperformance 
B Underlying(s) .......................................... 671 
Mandatory Early Redemption Participation 
Rate ............................................................. 698 
Mandatory Early Redemption Participation 
Rate Call ..................................................... 698 
Mandatory Early Redemption Participation 
Rate Put ....................................................... 698 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 671 
Mandatory Early Redemption Performance 
Underlying(s) .............................................. 682 
Mandatory Early Redemption Reference Level
 .................................................................... 683 
Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Date .. 667 
Mandatory Early Redemption Strike Level 685 
Mandatory Early Redemption Underlying(s)
 .................................................................... 685 
Mandatory Early Redemption Upper Barrier 
Event ........................................................... 687 
Mandatory Early Redemption Upper Barrier 
Event Valuation Date .................................. 667 
Mandatory Early Redemption Valuation Date
 .................................................................... 667 
Manifest Error Cut-off Date ........................ 367 
Margin ......................................................... 786 
Margin ......................................................... 662 
Margin (Spread Interest Rate) ..................... 774 
Margin 1 ...................................................... 772 
Margin 2 ...................................................... 772 
Market ......................................................... 618 
Market Discount Security ........................... 224 
Market Disruption Event359, 360, 361, 418, 
579 
Market Timer Percentage ............................ 742 
Market Timer Redemption Initial Level ..... 742 
Market Timer Redemption Strike Date ....... 699 
Market Value ...................................... 529, 579 
Material Change .......................................... 417 
Material Change Adjustments ..................... 797 
Material Change Event Trigger ............. 83, 797 
Material Change in Content ........................ 380

--- Page 1206 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
1178 
 
Material Change in Formula ....................... 380 
Material Increased Cost .............................. 751 
maturity ...................................................... 598 
Maturity Date ............................................. 308 
Maturity Redemption Amount.................... 580 
Max............................................. 698, 743, 781 
Maximum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount ....................................................... 698 
Maximum Maturity ............................ 566, 598 
Maximum Redemption Amount ................. 742 
Maximum Reference Rate .......................... 774 
Maximum Stock Loan Rate .359, 383, 391, 401 
May 2020 Base Prospectus Securities ...... 1168 
May 2020 CGMFL Underlying Linked Notes 
Base Prospectus .......................................... 113 
May 2020 CGMHI Underlying Linked Notes 
Base Prospectus .......................................... 101 
May 2020 Citigroup Inc. Underlying Linked 
Notes Base Prospectus .................................. 91 
MCAA ........................................................ 291 
MCIFA ....................................................... 202 
Member State ............................................. 216 
MER Barrier Level ..................................... 688 
MER Barrier Observation Date .................. 666 
MER Date ................................................... 666 
MER Initial Level ....................................... 670 
MER Performance ...................................... 671 
MER Reference Level ................................ 683 
MER Strike Date ........................................ 667 
MER Strike Level ....................................... 685 
MER Underlying(s) .................................... 685 
MER Upper Barrier Event .......................... 687 
MER Upper Barrier Event Valuation Date . 667 
MER Upper Barrier Percentage .................. 688 
MERAA689, 691, 692, 693, 694, 695, 696, 697, 
698 
MERBU ...................................................... 687 
Merger Date ................. 387, 397, 404, 412, 441 
Merger Event ....... 387, 396, 404, 411, 440, 580 
Merger Redemption Amount ...................... 580 
MERPerf ............................................. 693, 699 
MERPR 688, 689, 690, 691, 692, 696, 697, 698 
MERPR Call ................ 693, 694, 695, 696, 698 
MERPR Put ................. 693, 694, 695, 696, 698 
MERPU682, 688, 689, 690, 691, 692, 696, 697, 
698 
Mid-Market Swap Rate .............................. 772 
MiFID II ................................ vi, 197, 807, 990 
MiFID II Regulations ................................. 205 
MiFID Product Governance Rules ............ xxiii 
MiFIR ......................................................... 198 
Min ......................................698, 743, 774, 781 
Minimum 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount ....................................................... 698 
Minimum Redemption Amount.................. 742 
Minimum Reference Rate ........................... 774 
Minimum Return Amount .......................... 313 
Minimum Return Amount plus Pro Rata Issuer 
Cost Reimbursement .................................. 313 
Modified Eligible Transferee...................... 580 
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation 
Date ............................................................. 580 
Monetisation ............................................... 414 
Monetisation Amount ................................. 313 
Monetisation Valuation Date ...................... 749 
Monetisation with Holder Put Option ......... 310 
Monetised Amount...................................... 749 
Monoline Insurer Reference Entity ............. 580 
Moody's ......................................................... xv 
MoT .............................................................. vii 
Movement Option ....................................... 580 
Movement Option Cut-off Date .................. 581 
Multiple Exchange Index ............................ 359 
Multiple Exercise Certificates ..................... 317 
Multiple FVD Final Performance Percentage
 .................................................................... 722 
Multiple Holder Obligation ......................... 581 
Multiple IVD Interim Performance Percentage
 .................................................................... 654 
Multiple-Rate VRDI ................................... 221 
Mutual Fund ................................................ 408 
Mutual Fund Condition ............................... 408 
Mutual Fund Interest ................................... 408 
Mutual Fund Interest Substitution Criteria . 413 
Mutual Fund Linked Securities ...................... vi 
Mutual Fund Substitution ........................... 413 
n .................................................. 313, 655, 722 
Nationalisation .... 387, 397, 404, 412, 417, 441 
NAV Trigger Event..................................... 408 
NAV Trigger Percentage ............................ 409 
Nearby Month ............................................. 380 
Net Wealth Tax ........................................... 283 
New Information Event ............................... 409 
New Single Name Credit Linked Notes ...... 502 
New York Federal Reserve's Website ......... 766 
Next Currency Fixing Time ........................ 581 
ni ......................................................... 763, 766 
No Auction Announcement Date ................ 581 
No Material Change Adjustment Determination
 .................................................................... 797 
Non Currency Redemption ......................... 409 
Non-bullion Commodity ............................. 380 
Non-Conforming Reference Obligation ...... 581 
Non-Conforming 
Substitute 
Reference 
Obligation ................................................... 581 
Non-Contingent Amount ............................ 590 
Non-Deliverable Asset Package .................. 530 
Non-Event Currency ................................... 415 
Non-exempt Offer ................................. xii, 197 
Non-Financial Instrument ........................... 581 
Non-Standard Event Determination Date ... 581 
Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date .......... 584 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation ........... 584 
Non-Transferable Instrument ...................... 584 
Non-U.S. Holder ......................................... 217 
Non-U.S. Issuer ........................................... 233 
NOPS Amendment Notice .................. 584, 585 
Norwegian Securityholders ......................... 270 
Not Bearer ................................................... 566 
Not Domestic Currency .............................. 588

--- Page 1207 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
1179 
 
Not Domestic Issuance ............................... 588 
Not Domestic Law ...................................... 588 
Not Sovereign Lender................................. 588 
Not Subordinated ........................................ 587 
Notes ...................................................... iv, 301 
Notes Extension Date ................................. 584 
Notice Delivery Date .................................. 584 
Notice Delivery Period ............................... 585 
Notice of Physical Settlement..................... 585 
Notice of Publicly Available Information .. 585 
Notice to Exercise Movement Option ........ 585 
Notice-determined EDD ..................... 515, 584 
NRIT ........................................................... 281 
NRIT Law................................................... 281 
NSS............................................................. 181 
Nth858, 859, 908, 909, 927, 1045, 1046, 1093, 
1094, 1111, 1112 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes 586 
Nth-to-Default 
Non-Succession 
Reference 
Entities ........................................................ 538 
Nth-to-Default Partial Nominal Amount ... 538, 
586 
Nth-to-Default Succession Reference Entity
 .................................................................... 538 
Nth-to-Default Successor Entity ................. 538 
Number of Settlement Business Days ........ 420 
NY ................................................................ 48 
NY Federal Reserve ............................. 50, 803 
NY Federal Reserve's Website ................... 803 
Oasis Best Performer 1 ............................... 628 
Oasis Best Performer 2 ............................... 628 
Oasis Best Performer X .............................. 628 
Oasis Interim Percentage ............................ 656 
obligation .................................................... 597 
Obligation ................................................... 586 
Obligation Acceleration .............................. 588 
Obligation Category ................................... 586 
Obligation Characteristics .......................... 587 
Obligation Currency ................................... 588 
Obligation Default ...................................... 588 
Obligation to Withhold Tax ........................ 277 
Obligations ................................................. 446 
obligor ........................................................ 597 
Observation Look-Back Period .................. 766 
Observation Period ..................................... 763 
OCC .............................................. 89, 100, 111 
OECD ............................................................. 8 
offer ............................................................ 197 
offer of Securities to the public .................. 198 
Official List ................................................... vi 
Official Successor Rate ...................... 418, 422 
OID ............................................................. 218 
OID Securities ............................................ 219 
OLA ................................................................ 6 
Omnibus Accounts ..................................... 273 
Option ......................................................... 313 
Option Value .............................................. 313 
Optional Redemption Amount.................... 442 
Optional Redemption Valuation Date ........ 442 
Original Aggregate Nominal Amount ........ 589 
Original Currency ....................................... 418 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation
 .................................................................... 589 
Original Obligation(s) ................................. 591 
OTC ............................................................ 446 
Outperf A .................................... 638, 676, 705 
Outperf B .................................... 641, 679, 708 
Outstanding ................................................. 330 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount .. 589 
Outstanding Amount ........................... 585, 589 
Outstanding Principal Balance .................... 589 
Owners ........................................................ 185 
Ownership Restriction Event ...................... 591 
p .................................................................. 766 
Package Observable Bond .......... 173, 464, 591 
Page ............................................................. 787 
Paraguayan Securities Commission ............ 208 
Parallel Auction .......................................... 591 
Parallel Auction Cancellation Date ............. 591 
Parallel Auction Settlement Terms ............. 591 
Partial Cash Redemption Amount ............... 528 
Partial Cash Redemption Date .................... 528 
Participants .................................................. 185 
Paying Agents ............................................. 299 
Payment ...................................................... 586 
Payment Date .............................................. 367 
Payment Day ....................................... 323, 324 
Payment Failure Cut-Off Date ............ 533, 592 
Payment Failure Event Notice .................... 533 
Payment Requirement ................................. 592 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event ................. 592 
Payor ........................................................... 258 
Performance-Linked 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption Amount ................................... 688 
Performance-Linked Redemption Amount . 729 
Period Performance ..................................... 652 
Period Performance 1 .................................. 652 
Period Performance 2 .................................. 652 
Period Performance 3 .................................. 652 
Permissible Deliverable Obligation ............ 592 
Permitted Contingency .................. 67, 175, 592 
Permitted Transfer ...................................... 592 
Person ......................................................... 346 
Personal Income Tax Act ............................ 258 
Physical Delivery Securities .................. vi, 300 
Physical Redemption Assets ....................... 593 
Physical Redemption Date .......................... 593 
Physical Settlement Matrix ................. 447, 593 
Physical Settlement Period.......................... 593 
PIT Act ........................................................ 272 
Plans ............................................................ 192 
Poland ......................................................... 209 
Polish FSA .................................................. 209 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes ..... 593 
Portfolio Tranched Final Redemption Amount
 .................................................................... 594 
Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount . 594 
Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount
 .................................................................... 594

--- Page 1208 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
1180 
 
Portfolio Tranched Non-Succession Reference 
Entities ........................................................ 543 
Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount ... 594 
Portfolio Tranched 
Succession Reference 
Entity .......................................................... 543 
Portfolio Tranched Successor Entity .......... 543 
Portugal ...................................................... 209 
Portuguese Offeror ..................................... 209 
Post Dismissal Additional Period ............... 594 
Postponement ............................................. 380 
Potential Failure to Pay .............................. 594 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium ............. 595 
PRA ............................................................ 144 
PRC ............................................................ 753 
Preference Share ......................................... 439 
Preference Share Company ................ 292, 439 
Preference Share Condition ........................ 439 
Preference Share Early Redemption Event . 441 
Preference Share Linked Securities ............... vi 
Preference Share Terms and Conditions ..... 292 
Preference Share Underlying .............. 292, 745 
Preference Share Valuation Date ................ 745 
Preference Share-Linked Redemption Amount
 .................................................................... 746 
Preference Shares ....................................... 141 
Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate
 .................................................................... 798 
Price Materiality ................................. 417, 420 
Price Materiality Percentage ............... 415, 420 
Price Source ................................................ 380 
Price Source Disruption .............. 380, 418, 420 
Pricing Supplement ............................. viii, 298 
PRIIPs Regulation ...................... 209, 807, 990 
Primary Rate ....................................... 415, 421 
principal ...................................................... 328 
Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) 
at maturity................................................... 314 
Principal Tax Deduction Amount ............... 595 
Principal Writedown Amount ..................... 595 
Prior Deliverable Obligation ...... 173, 464, 595 
Prior Reference Obligation ......................... 587 
Private Investors ......................................... 252 
Private-side Loan ........................................ 595 
Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement ......... 314 
Programme ...................................................... i 
Prohibited Action ....................................... 595 
projected payment schedule........................ 221 
Proprietary Index ........................................ 427 
Proprietary Index Adjustment Event .......... 428 
Proprietary Index Cancellation ................... 428 
Proprietary Index Condition ....................... 427 
Proprietary Index Disruption ...................... 428 
Proprietary Index Linked Securities .............. vi 
Proprietary Index Modification .................. 428 
Proprietary Index Substitution .................... 429 
Prospectus Law ................................... 200, 202 
Prospectus Regulationi, 197, 198, 206, 807, 
808, 990, 991 
Public Offer Jurisdiction(s) ........................ 980 
Public Offering ........................................... 209 
Public Source .............................................. 595 
Publicly Available Information ................... 596 
Put Call Sum Floor...................................... 742 
Put Cap ................................................ 698, 741 
Put Floor ............................................. 698, 742 
Put Notice ................................................... 316 
Put Option ................................................... 227 
Put Premium ............................................... 227 
QFC ................................................................. 6 
QFC Stay Rules .............................................. 6 
QIB ..................................................... 193, 305 
QIBs ................................ x, 181, 196, 809, 991 
qualified financial contract.......................... 356 
Qualified Index Securities ........................... 234 
Qualified Indices ......................................... 234 
Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee ................... 596 
Qualifying Guarantee .......................... 596, 597 
Qualifying Policy ........................................ 597 
Quantum of the Claim ................................. 590 
Quotation ............................................ 529, 598 
Quotation Amount .............................. 528, 598 
Quotation Dealer ......................................... 598 
Quotation Method ............................... 528, 599 
Quote Currency ........................................... 415 
r ................................................................... 313 
RA Cap ....................................................... 781 
RA Factor .................................................... 776 
RA Floor ..................................................... 781 
Range Accrual (Expanded) Securities ........ 781 
Range Accrual Determination Date ............ 626 
Range Accrual Table ................................... 781 
Rate ............................................................. 435 
Rate Condition ............................................ 435 
Rate Linked Securities ................................... vi 
Rate Table ................................................... 787 
Rate X ......................................................... 775 
Rate Y ......................................................... 775 
Rate Z .......................................................... 775 
RBA Bond Basis ......................................... 785 
Real Estate Funds ........................................ 262 
Real Estate SICAFs..................................... 262 
Realisation Disruption Event ...................... 753 
Rebased Index ............................................. 370 
Record Date ................................................ 320 
Recovery Amount ....................................... 599 
Recovery Threshold Amount ...................... 599 
RedAdj ........................ 733, 734, 735, 736, 737 
Redeemed Securities ................................... 314 
Redemption Amount ................................... 308 
Redemption Barrier Event .......................... 726 
Redemption Barrier Observation Date ........ 699 
Redemption Barrier Underlying(s) ............. 728 
Redemption Initial Level .................... 722, 745 
Redemption Strike Date ...................... 699, 745 
Redemption Strike Level ............................ 723 
Redemption Suspension Notice .......... 535, 600 
Redemption Underlying ...................... 723, 745 
Redemption Upper Barrier Event ............... 728 
Redemption Upper Barrier Event Valuation 
Date ............................................................. 699

--- Page 1209 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
1181 
 
Redenomination Date ................................. 352 
Reference Assets ........................................ 600 
Reference Banks ................................. 770, 787 
Reference Currency .................................... 772 
Reference Currency Business Day ............. 421 
Reference Custodial/Settlement Arrangement
 .................................................................... 600 
Reference Custodian ................................... 600 
Reference Entity ......................................... 600 
Reference Entity Count .............................. 600 
Reference Entity Notional Amount ............ 600 
Reference Entity Weighting ....................... 601 
Reference Index .................................. 383, 398 
Reference Investor ...................................... 601 
Reference Investor Assets .......................... 601 
Reference Jurisdiction ................................ 601 
Reference Level .......................................... 368 
Reference Month ........................................ 367 
Reference Obligation .......................... 528, 601 
Reference Obligation Only ......................... 587 
Reference Obligation Only Series .............. 602 
Reference Observation ....................... 777, 782 
Reference Observation 1 ............................ 782 
Reference Observation 2 ............................ 782 
Reference Observation 3 ............................ 782 
Reference Observation Disrupted Day ....... 782 
Reference Observation Table ..................... 782 
Reference Rate ................................... 787, 804 
Reference Rate 1 ........................................ 775 
Reference Rate 2 ........................................ 775 
Reference Rate Early Redemption ............. 797 
Reference Rate Event ................................. 798 
Reference Rate Event Provisions ................. 82 
Reference Rate Interbank Market ............... 787 
Reference Time .......................................... 803 
Registered Securities ............................. ix, 301 
Registered Security Certificates ............ ix, 298 
Registrar ..................................................... 299 
Registry Regulation .................................... 378 
Regulation .................................................. 278 
Regulation No. 11971 ................................. 206 
Regulation S .................... x, 181, 305, 808, 991 
Regulation S Global Registered Security 
Certificate ........................................... 181, 305 
Regulatory Action .............................. 405, 412 
Regulatory Change Cost ............................. 602 
Regulatory Change Event ........................... 602 
related ......................................................... 620 
Related Agreement Termination ................ 409 
Related Exchange ........ 359, 372, 383, 384, 401 
Related Index .............................................. 406 
Relevant Agent ..................................... 83, 756 
Relevant Agreements.................................. 355 
Relevant Asset .................................... 729, 746 
Relevant Authority ..................................... 754 
Relevant City Business Day ....................... 602 
Relevant Clearing System .................. 302, 522 
Relevant Company ....................................... 41 
Relevant Component .................................. 430 
Relevant Credit Event................................. 602 
Relevant Currency629, 668, 721, 796, 813, 995 
Relevant Date ...................... 325, 326, 327, 328 
relevant Deed of Covenant .......................... 299 
relevant entity ................................................. 8 
Relevant Event Determination Date............ 603 
Relevant Financial Centre ........................... 787 
relevant foreign currency ............................ 223 
Relevant Governmental Body ..................... 804 
Relevant Guarantee ..................................... 603 
Relevant Holder .......................................... 603 
Relevant Index .............................................. 41 
Relevant Instruments .................................. 267 
Relevant ISDA Definitions ......................... 804 
Relevant Nominating Body ......................... 799 
Relevant Number ................................ 765, 767 
Relevant Obligations ................................... 603 
Relevant Participating Instruments ............. 267 
Relevant Person ................................ 976, 1158 
Relevant Price ............................. 380, 409, 431 
Relevant Proportion .................................... 314 
Relevant Rate .............................................. 786 
relevant resolution authority ....................... 357 
Relevant Risk Event .................................... 603 
Relevant Risk Event Determination Date ... 603 
Relevant Scheduled Payment Date419, 
424, 
750 
Relevant Spread Rate .................................. 773 
Relevant State ..................................... 197, 991 
Relevant Swap Rate .................................... 772 
Relevant Tax ....................................... 380, 427 
Relevant Time ............................................. 773 
Relibi Law................................................... 239 
Renminbi ..................................................... 754 
Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding 
Amount ....................................................... 585 
Replacement Deliverable Obligation .......... 585 
Replacement Reference Rate ...................... 799 
repo ............................................................... 51 
Reporting Disruption .................................. 413 
Representative ............................................. 332 
Representative Amount ............................... 773 
Repudiation ................................................. 418 
Repudiation/Moratorium ............................. 603 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date .. 604 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition
 .................................................................... 604 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice 604 
Resolution Council.......................................... 9 
Resolution Plan ................................... 126, 128 
Resolve........................................................ 604 
Resolved...................................................... 604 
Resolves ...................................................... 604 
Restructured Bond or Loan ......................... 604 
Restructured Entity ..................................... 502 
Restructuring ............................................... 604 
Restructuring Date ...................................... 606 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date ...... 606 
retail investor .............................................. 197 
Revised Currency Rate ............................... 607 
Revision Cut-off Date ................................. 367

--- Page 1210 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
1182 
 
RG AMF ..................................................... 204 
Risk Event .................................................. 607 
Risk Event Determination Date .................. 607 
Risk Event Determination Period ............... 607 
Risk Event Notice ....................................... 607 
Risk Event Redemption Method ................. 608 
Risk Events ........................................... 77, 178 
RMB .................................................... xxi, 754 
RMB Currency Settlement Cut-Off Date .. 750, 
754 
RMB Determination Business Day ............ 754 
RMB Determination Date ........................... 754 
RMB Relevant Currency ............................ 754 
RMB Relevant Currency Valuation Time .. 754 
RMB Relevant Spot Rate Screen Page ....... 754 
RMB Settlement Centre ............................. 754 
RMB Spot Rate .......................................... 754 
Royal Legislative Decree 4/2015 ............... 213 
Rule 144A........................ x, 181, 305, 809, 991 
Rule 144A Deed Polls ................................ xxii 
Rule 
144A 
Global 
Registered 
Security 
Certificate ........................................... 181, 305 
S&P .............................................................. xv 
Same Underlying Share and Currency ....... 398 
satisfy ......................................... 659, 687, 728 
Saudi Investor ............................................. 210 
SCDF Law .................................................. 247 
Schedule ..................................................... 297 
Scheduled Closing Time359, 372, 384, 391, 
401 
Scheduled Interim Valuation Date ............. 409 
Scheduled Maturity Date ............ 308, 608, 624 
Scheduled Maturity Date Extension ........... 608 
Scheduled Observation Date ...................... 782 
Scheduled Redemption Valuation Date ...... 409 
Scheduled Trading Day359, 372, 380, 384, 
392, 401, 409, 416, 421, 426, 427, 431, 435, 439 
Schedules .................................................... 297 
Scheme ....................................................... 378 
Screen Rate ................................................. 759 
Second Fallback Electronic Page ............... 421 
Second Fallback Rate Source ..................... 421 
Second Fallback Reference Price ............... 421 
Second Fallback Reference Rate ................ 421 
Second Fallback Valuation Time ............... 421 
Second Futures Contract ............................. 380 
Second Nearby Month ................................ 380 
Second Obligation ...................................... 587 
Secondary Rate ................................... 416, 421 
Section 871(m) ..................................... 19, 233 
Section 871(m) Event ................................. 755 
Section 871(m) Event (Hedging Positions) 755 
Section 988 election ................................... 230 
Securities ........................................... iv, 1, 298 
Securities Act .................. x, 305, 795, 808, 991 
Security Index ............................................. 359 
Security Index Adjustment Event ............... 363 
Security Index Cancellation........................ 363 
Security Index Condition ............................ 359 
Security Index Disruption ........................... 363 
Security Index Linked Securities ................... vi 
Security Index Modification ....................... 363 
Security Index Substitution ......................... 364 
Securityholder ..................................... 183, 302 
SeDeX ................................................... vii, 301 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes ........................ 608 
Senior Non-Preferred Obligation ........ 465, 608 
Senior Obligation ........................................ 608 
Senior Reference Entity .............................. 608 
Seniority Level ............................................ 608 
September 2013 CGMFL Underlying Linked 
Notes Base Prospectus ................................ 112 
September 2013 Citigroup Inc. Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus ...................... 90 
September 2014 CGMFL Underlying Linked 
Notes Base Prospectus ................................ 112 
September 2014 Citigroup Inc. Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus ...................... 90 
September 2015 CGMFL Underlying Linked 
Notes Base Prospectus ................................ 112 
September 2015 Citigroup Inc. Underlying 
Linked Notes Base Prospectus ...................... 90 
Series ................................................... 164, 298 
Settled Entity ............................................... 608 
Settled Entity Incurred Loss Amount .......... 608 
Settled Entity Incurred Recovery Amount .. 608 
Settled Entity Loss Amount ........................ 608 
Settled Entity Matrix ................................... 609 
Settled Entity Notional Amount .................. 609 
Settled Entity Recovery Amount ................ 609 
Settled Entity Weighting ............................. 609 
Settlement Business Day ............................. 794 
Settlement Currency ............................ 609, 625 
Settlement Currency Principal Amount ...... 609 
Settlement Date ........................................... 318 
Settlement Disruption Event ....................... 794 
Settlement/Custodial Event ......................... 609 
SFA ............................................ xxiii, 807, 990 
SFIA Act ................................................. x, 182 
SFO ............................................................. 205 
SFRD (Index) Fallback Provisions ............. 765 
SFRD (Non-Index) Fallback Provisions ..... 764 
SGRs ........................................................... 262 
Share ........................................................... 384 
Share Company ........................................... 384 
Share Condition .......................................... 384 
Share Linked Securities ................................. vi 
Share Substitution ....................................... 388 
Shareholders ................................................ 139 
Short-Term Securities ................................. 224 
SIMs ............................................................ 262 
Single Exchange Index ............................... 359 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes .............. 609 
Single Name Partial Nominal Amount 537, 609 
Single Name Succession Reference Entity . 537 
Single Name Successor Entity ............ 537, 610 
Single Target Percentage ............................ 655 
Single Target Redemption Percentage ........ 724 
Single-Rate VRDI ............................... 221, 227 
skew ...................................................... 78, 179

--- Page 1211 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
1183 
 
SOFR ............................................ 48, 766, 804 
SOFR Fallback Provisions ......................... 767 
SOFR Index ................................................ 767 
SOFR IndexEnd ......................................... 767 
SOFR IndexStart ........................................ 767 
SOFR Observation Period .......................... 766 
SOFR Reference Rate................................. 766 
SOFRi-pUSBD ........................................... 766 
Solvency Capital Provisions ....................... 610 
SONIA .......................................................... 47 
SONIA Compounded Index ....................... 765 
SONIA Floating Rate ................................. 762 
SONIA rate ................................................. 764 
SONIAi ....................................................... 764 
SONIAi-5LBD ........................................... 764 
Sovereign .................................................... 610 
Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation
 .................................................................... 610 
Sovereign Succession Event ....................... 610 
Specific Inconvertibility ............................. 417 
Specific Non-Transferability ...................... 417 
Specified Accrual Cut-Off Date ................. 782 
Specified Currency ............................. 587, 995 
Specified Currency Jurisdiction.................. 424 
Specified Current Payment Security ........... 235 
Specified ELIs ............................................ 233 
Specified Final Valuation Date........... 699, 745 
Specified Financial Centre(s) ..................... 416 
Specified Interest Barrier Observation Date 626 
Specified Interest Strike Date ..................... 627 
Specified Interest Valuation Date ............... 627 
Specified Mandatory Early Redemption Barrier 
Observation Date ........................................ 666 
Specified Mandatory Early Redemption Strike 
Date ............................................................ 667 
Specified Mandatory Early Redemption Upper 
Barrier Event Valuation Date ..................... 667 
Specified 
Mandatory 
Early 
Redemption 
Valuation Date ............................................ 667 
Specified Market Timer Redemption Strike 
Date ............................................................ 699 
Specified MER Barrier Observation Date .. 666 
Specified MER Strike Date ........................ 667 
Specified MER Upper Barrier Event Valuation 
Date ............................................................ 667 
Specified Number ....................................... 610 
Specified Redemption Barrier Observation 
Date ............................................................ 699 
Specified Redemption Strike Date ..... 699, 745 
Specified Redemption Upper Barrier Event 
Valuation Date ............................................ 699 
Specified Time ........................................... 787 
Specified Valuation Date ............................ 755 
SPGRE ........................................................ xvi 
Spread Cap Margin ..................................... 775 
Spread Interest Rate .................................... 773 
Spread Rate 1 .............................................. 775 
Spread Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate ... 775 
Spread Rate 1 Margin ................................. 775 
Spread Rate 2 .............................................. 775 
Spread Rate 2 Interest Participation Rate .... 775 
Spread Rate 2 Margin ................................. 775 
Spread Rate 3 .............................................. 775 
Spread Rate 3 Interest Participation Rate .... 775 
Spread Reference Rate ................................ 773 
Spread Securities ......................................... 775 
SRD Fallback Provisions ............................ 759 
SRM Regulation ......................................... 357 
SRO ............................................................. 172 
SRO List ..................................................... 610 
SRO Rules................................................... 172 
SRR ................................................................. 8 
Stabilisation Manager(s) .............................. xxi 
Standard Event Determination Date............ 610 
Standard Exercise Cut-off Date .................. 611 
Standard Reference Obligation ........... 172, 612 
Standard Specified Currency ...................... 612 
Stapled Share .............................................. 384 
Steps Plan .................................................... 612 
Sterling ......................................................... xxi 
Stockholm Banking Day ............................. 321 
Strategy Breach ................................... 405, 412 
sub unit ........................................................ 355 
Subordinated Obligation ............................. 612 
Subordinated Reference Entity ................... 612 
Subordination .............................................. 587 
Subsidiary ................................................... 346 
Substitute .................................................... 347 
Substitute Asset ........................................... 795 
Substitute Index Level ................................ 368 
Substitute Reference Obligation ................. 612 
Substitution Date ......................................... 612 
Substitution Event ....................................... 612 
Substitution Event Date .............................. 612 
Substitution Event Redemption Amount .... 613 
succeeded .................................................... 614 
succession ................................................... 614 
Succession Date .......................................... 614 
Successor ...................................... 63, 171, 613 
Successor Backstop Date .................... 172, 614 
successor corporation .................................. 346 
Successor Currency ..................................... 418 
Successor Dividend Futures Contract ......... 432 
Successor Index .. 363, 369, 372, 375, 427, 428 
Successor Notice ......................................... 614 
Successor Rate ............................................ 437 
Successor Reference Entity ......................... 621 
Successor Resolution Request Date ............ 614 
SUGEVAL .................................................. 201 
Supplements ........................................ 810, 993 
Supplements to the Base Listing Particulars
 .................................................................... 993 
Supplements to the Base Prospectus ........... 811 
Supplements to the Current Base Prospectus
 .................................................................... 812 
Surviving Reference Entity Count .............. 539 
Swap Rate ..................................................... 56 
Swap Rates .................................................... 56 
Swedish Agency Agreement ....................... 300 
Swedish CSD Rules .................................... 300

--- Page 1212 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
1184 
 
Swedish Indirect Securityholder ................. 331 
Swedish Securities .......................................... x 
Swedish Securities Issuing and Paying Agent
 .................................................................... 300 
Swedish Securities Register................ 182, 302 
t ................................................... 655, 719, 739 
TARGET Business Day ............................. 355 
TARGET Settlement Day ........................... 614 
TARGET2 System ..................................... 355 
Tax Disruption ............................ 372, 380, 427 
taxable  disposition ..................................... 218 
Taxes .......................................................... 146 
Tender Offer ........................387, 397, 404, 441 
Term SOFR ................................................ 804 
Terms and Conditions................................. 298 
Tier 2 Subordinated Obligation .................. 614 
TLAC ......................................... 126, 127, 128 
Trade Date .................................................. 755 
Trading Disruption ..................................... 381 
Trading Suspension .................................... 418 
Traditional Subordinated Obligation .......... 615 
Tranche ............................................... 164, 298 
Tranche Size ............................................... 615 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms ...... 615 
Transaction Type ........................................ 615 
Transactions................................................ xxii 
Transfer Agent ............................................ 299 
Transfer Taxes ............................................ 251 
Transferable ................................................ 566 
Transferable 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristics ............................................ 597 
Treaty .................................................. xxi, 352 
Trigger Percentage...................................... 616 
TUIR ........................................................... 261 
U ...................... 653, 719, 870, 939, 1056, 1123 
U.K. .............................................................. 86 
U.S. ............................................................... 86 
U.S. dividend-linked payments .................. 235 
U.S. dollars .................................................. xxi 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day 435, 
766, 767 
U.S. Holder ................................................. 217 
U.S. Issuer .................................................. 231 
U.S. person ................................................. 305 
U.S. Special Resolution Regime................. 355 
U.S. Special Resolution Regimes ................... 6 
U.S.$ ............................................................ xxi 
U.S.C. ......................................................... 356 
UCL 12 + Relevant Months Prior ............... 662 
UCL Relevant Months Prior ....................... 662 
UK .............................................. 807, 990, 991 
Ukraine Reference Entity ........................... 616 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement ......... 804 
Unassignable Obligations ........................... 526 
Undeliverable Assets .......................... 532, 616 
Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation ........ 527 
Undeliverable Deliverable Obligations ...... 616 
Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount
 .................................................................... 616 
Undeliverable Loan Obligations ................. 526 
Undeliverable Obligations .......................... 525 
Undeliverable Participations ....................... 526 
Undelivered Deliverable Obligation ... 528, 616 
Underlyers ................................................... 212 
Underlying ........................................... viii, 755 
Underlying Closing Level360, 367, 373, 381, 
384, 392, 401, 410, 416, 422, 426, 427, 431, 
435, 439, 755 
Underlying Level360, 373, 381, 384, 392, 401, 
416, 422, 427, 431, 439, 755 
Underlying Linked Securities ........................ vi 
Underlying Obligation ................................ 616 
Underlying Obligor ..................................... 616 
Underlying Return ...................................... 655 
Underlying Return (Final) ........................... 723 
Underlying RMB Currency Event .............. 755 
Underlying RMB Illiquidity........................ 755 
Underlying RMB Inconvertibility ............... 755 
Underlying RMB Non-Transferability ........ 756 
Underlying Schedule ........................... 297, 756 
Underlying Schedules ................................. 297 
Underlying Securities .................................. 233 
Underlying Share ........................................ 391 
Underlying Share Company ........................ 391 
Underlying Share Event .............................. 397 
Underlying Share Exchange........................ 391 
Underlying Share Exchange Business Day . 391 
Underlying Share Related Exchange .......... 391 
unit .............................................................. 343 
Universal Successor .................... 172, 613, 616 
Unlimited Share .......................................... 139 
Unlimited Shareholder ................................ 139 
Unscheduled Holiday .................................. 421 
Unwind Costs .............................................. 617 
Upper Range ............................................... 782 
Upper Range 1 ............................................ 782 
Upper Range 2 ............................................ 782 
Upper Range 3 ............................................ 782 
USBD .................................................. 766, 767 
USBDx ........................................................ 766 
USD .................................................... 419, 421 
USD Benchmark ......................................... 804 
USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions ................. 82 
USD LIBOR SRD Fallback Provisions ...... 761 
USD Swap Rate .......................................... 772 
USRPI ......................................................... 236 
V% .............................................................. 776 
Valuation and Settlement Condition ........... 756 
Valuation Date ............................ 528, 617, 756 
Valuation Method ............................... 528, 618 
Valuation Obligation ................................... 618 
Valuation Obligations ................................. 457 
Valuation Postponement ............................. 421 
Valuation Roll ............................................. 756 
Valuation Time360, 365, 373, 384, 392, 401, 
422, 431, 435, 439, 528, 618, 756 
voting power ............................................... 347 
Voting Shares .............................................. 618 
VRDIs ......................................................... 220 
Warrant ....................................................... 426

--- Page 1213 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
1185 
 
Warrant Condition ...................................... 426 
Warrant Linked Securities ............................. vi 
Warrant Termination Event ........................ 426 
Weighted Average Final Price .................... 618 
White List ................................................... 265 
Wn ............................................... 657, 684, 725 
Worst Cliquet B Final Valuation Date........ 719 
Worst Cliquet B Interest Valuation Date .... 653 
Written Decision ......................................... 334 
Written Decision Date ................................ 334 
x .................................................................. 765 
X ......................................................... 658, 726 
X Percentage ............................................... 359 
y .................................................................. 765 
Y1 ....................................................... 783, 784 
Y2 ....................................................... 783, 784 
Yen ............................................................... xxi 
your currency ................................................ 14 
Z .................................................................. 666

--- Page 1214 ---
NAMES, ADDRESSES AND ROLES 
1186 
 
SECTION J – NAMES, ADDRESSES AND ROLES 
THE ISSUERS 
 
Citigroup Inc. 
Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. 
 
 
Principal Office: 
388 Greenwich Street 
New York 
New York 10013 
United States 
Principal Office: 
388 Greenwich Street 
New York 
New York 10013 
United States 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. 
Registered Office: 
31, Z.A. Bourmicht 
L-8070 Bertrange 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
THE GUARANTOR IN RESPECT OF SECURITIES ISSUED BY CITIGROUP GLOBAL 
MARKETS HOLDINGS INC. 
 
Citigroup Inc. 
Principal Office: 
388 Greenwich Street 
New York 
New York 10013 
United States 
 
THE GUARANTOR IN RESPECT OF SECURITIES ISSUED BY CITIGROUP GLOBAL 
MARKETS FUNDING LUXEMBOURG S.C.A 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Registered Office: 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf 
London, E14 5LB 
England 
United Kingdom 
 
AUDITORS TO CITIGROUP INC. AND CGMHI 
 
KPMG LLP 
345 Park Avenue 
New York, NY 10154 
United States 
 
AUDITORS TO CGMFL 
 
KPMG Luxembourg Société Coopérative 
39, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
AUDITORS TO CGML 
 
KPMG LLP 
15 Canada Square 
London, E14 5GL 
United Kingdom

--- Page 1215 ---
NAMES, ADDRESSES AND ROLES 
1187 
 
ISSUING AGENT AND FISCAL AGENT, PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, 
AUTHENTICATION AGENT, EXCHANGE AGENT AND (IF SO SPECIFIED IN THE 
APPLICABLE ISSUE TERMS) CALCULATION AGENT  
 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf 
London, E14 5LB 
England 
United Kingdom 
 
REGISTRAR, TRANSFER AGENT, CERTIFICATE AGENT AND FRENCH SECURITIES 
ISSUING AND PAYING AGENT 
 
Citibank Europe plc 
1 North Wall Quay  
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE DEALER AS TO ENGLISH LAW 
 
Ashurst LLP 
London Fruit & Wool Exchange 
1 Duval Square 
London, E1 6PW 
United Kingdom 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE DEALER AS TO LUXEMBOURG LAW 
 
Allen & Overy 
Société en comandite simple 
(inscrite au barreau de Luxembourg) 
5 avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE DEALER AS TO UNITED STATES LAW 
 
Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP 
450 Lexington Avenue 
New York, NY 10017 
United States 
 
ARRANGER AND DEALER AND (IF SO SPECIFIED IN THE APPLICABLE ISSUE TERMS) 
CALCULATION AGENT 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf 
London, E14 5LB 
England 
United Kingdom 
 
DEALER 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Inc. 
390 Greenwich Street, 3rd Floor 
New York 
New York 10013 
United States

--- Page 1216 ---
NAMES, ADDRESSES AND ROLES 
1188 
 
 
DEALER 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16  
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
 
LISTING AGENTS 
 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland