--- Page 1 ---
i 
Citigroup Global and Regional Issuance Programme Base Prospectus dated 16 December 2022 
 
 
 
CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS HOLDINGS INC. 
(a corporation duly incorporated and existing under the laws of the state of New York) 
and 
CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS FUNDING LUXEMBOURG S.C.A. 
(incorporated as a corporate partnership limited by shares (société en commandite par actions) under 
Luxembourg law, with registered office at 31 - Z.A. Bourmicht, L-8070 Bertrange, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg and registered with the Register of Trade and Companies of Luxembourg (Registre de 
commerce et des sociétés, Luxembourg) under number B 169.199) 
each an issuer under the 
Citi U.S.$10,000,000,000 Citigroup Global and Regional Issuance Programme 
Notes issued by Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. only will be unconditionally and irrevocably 
guaranteed by 
CITIGROUP INC. 
(incorporated in Delaware) 
Notes issued by Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. only will be unconditionally 
and irrevocably guaranteed by 
CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS LIMITED 
(incorporated in England and Wales) 
INTRODUCTION TO THIS DOCUMENT 
What is this document? 
This document (the “Base Prospectus”) constitutes a “base prospectus” for the purposes of Article 8 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council (as amended) (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”) and relates to the Citi U.S.$10,000,000,000 Citigroup Global and Regional Issuance Programme 
(the “Programme”). This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months after its approval and may be supplemented 
from time to time to reflect any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the information 
included in it. The obligation to supplement it in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or 
material inaccuracies will not apply after the earlier of the date 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus 
and the notes issued under this Programme (the “Notes”) and being admitted to trading on a regulated market. 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding under the Programme will not at any time exceed 
U.S.$10,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies), subject to any increase or decrease as described in 
this Base Prospectus. This Base Prospectus supersedes and replaces in its entirety the Base Prospectus dated 10 
December 2021. This does not affect any Notes issued prior to the date of this Base Prospectus. 
How do I use this Base Prospectus? 
This Base Prospectus (which includes information incorporated by reference) is intended to provide you with 
information necessary to enable you to make an informed investment decision before purchasing any Notes.

--- Page 2 ---
ii 
The contractual terms of any particular issuance of Notes will comprise the General Conditions of the Notes 
(see Section G.1 below) together with, if the Notes are linked to the credit of one or more specified entities or 
if the Notes are specified to be Index Skew Notes, the additional terms and conditions, as applicable, set out in 
the sections of this Base Prospectus entitled “Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity)”, “Credit Linked 
Conditions (2003 Reference Entity)” and “Index Skew Conditions” (together, the “Terms and Conditions”) 
and, in relation to any tranche of Notes, as completed or supplemented, replaced and/or modified, as applicable, 
by the information set out in the applicable Issue Terms (as described in “What are Issue Terms?” below). This 
Base Prospectus also includes other general information such as: 
(a) 
the principal risks that the Issuer (as defined below) and the Guarantor (as defined below) believe to be 
inherent in investing in the Notes; 
(b) 
information relating to the Issuer and the Guarantor; 
(c) 
information relating to the Programme and the Notes; 
(d) 
information on transfer and selling restrictions; and 
(e) 
taxation considerations. 
All capitalised terms used will be defined in this Base Prospectus or the Issue Terms and are referenced in the 
“Index of Defined Terms”. 
You should read this Base Prospectus, the information incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus from 
such other documents and the applicable Issue Terms. 
What are Issue Terms? 
“Issue Terms” means: 
(a) 
in relation to Notes which are not Exempt Notes (as defined in the section entitled “Important Notices” 
below), the applicable Final Terms which complete the terms and conditions of the relevant Notes; or 
(b) 
in relation to Notes which are Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement which supplements the 
terms and conditions of the relevant Notes and may also specify other terms and conditions which shall, 
to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the terms and conditions of the relevant Notes, 
supplement, replace and/or modify such terms and conditions. 
Who is the Issuer and Guarantor of the Notes? 
Notes under this Base Prospectus may be issued and guaranteed as follows:  
(a) 
Notes may be issued by Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. (“CGMHI”) and guaranteed by 
Citigroup Inc. (Citigroup Inc. in such capacity, the “CGMHI Guarantor”) pursuant to a deed of 
guarantee dated 26 July 2019 and executed by the CGMHI Guarantor (such deed of guarantee as 
amended and/or supplemented and/or replaced from time to time, the “CGMHI Deed of Guarantee”); 
or 
(b) 
Notes may be issued by Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. (“CGMFL”) and 
guaranteed by Citigroup Global Markets Limited (“CGML”, and CGML in such capacity, the “CGMFL 
Guarantor”) pursuant to a deed of guarantee dated 11 May 2017 and executed by the CGMFL Guarantor 
(such deed of guarantee as amended and/or supplemented and/or replaced from time to time, the 
“CGMFL Deed of Guarantee”, and together with the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee, the “Guarantees”).

--- Page 3 ---
iii 
CGMHI and CGMFL is each an “Issuer” and collectively, are the “Issuers”. The CGMHI Guarantor and the 
CGMFL Guarantor is each a “Guarantor” and collectively, are the “Guarantors”. References in this Base 
Prospectus to “Issuer” and “Guarantor” shall be construed accordingly. 
CGMHI and the CGMHI Guarantor each has a right of substitution as set out in the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes. If “Substitution provisions” are specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, each of CGMFL 
and the CGMFL Guarantor also has a right of substitution as set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
What type of Notes does this Base Prospectus relate to? 
This Base Prospectus relates to the issuance of Notes, which may be: 
(a) 
Notes which do not bear interest and are issued at a discount to their face value (“Zero Coupon Notes”); 
(b) 
Notes which bear interest payable at, or calculated by reference to, one or more of the following: 
(i) 
a fixed rate (such Notes, “Fixed Rate Notes”); 
(ii) 
a floating rate (such Notes, “Floating Rate Notes”); 
(iii) 
a CMS rate, which is a swap rate for swap transactions (or if specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the lower of two swap rates or the difference between two swap rates) (such Notes, “CMS 
Rate Notes”); 
(iv) 
a rate determined by reference to movements in an inflation index (such Notes, “Inflation Linked 
Notes”); 
(v) 
a rate (which may be a rate equal to, or calculated by reference to, a fixed rate, a floating rate or 
a CMS rate multiplied by an accrual rate) which is determined by reference to the number of days 
in the relevant interest period on which the accrual condition(s) are satisfied (such Notes, “Range 
Accrual Notes”); or 
(vi) 
a rate which is to be determined by reference to a spread (such Notes, “Spread Notes”); or 
(c) 
Notes whose return is linked to the credit of one or more specified entities (such Notes may or may not 
bear interest) (such Notes, “Credit Linked Notes”); 
(d) 
Notes which reference a package skew position comprising (i) an index untranched credit derivative 
transaction and (ii) a set of single name credit derivative transactions (with each single name transaction 
corresponding to an underlying reference entity constituent of the corresponding index transaction) 
where (i) and (ii) have equal and offsetting positions with any payments resulting from a Credit Event 
intended to be zero due to the application of payment netting, other than in the event of an early 
redemption (such Notes may or may not bear interest) (such Notes, “Index Skew Notes”); or 
(e) 
any combination of the above, except that:  
(i) 
Notes cannot be both Zero Coupon Notes and Notes which bear interest as set out in paragraph 
(b) above; 
(ii) 
Notes cannot be both Credit Linked Notes and Index Skew Notes; and 
(iii) 
in respect of Notes which are not Exempt Notes, interest bearing Local Access Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes cannot be combined with Notes 
having any other interest basis as set out in sub-paragraph (b) above. For the avoidance of doubt, 
in respect of Notes which are Exempt Notes, interest bearing Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes may be combined with Notes having

--- Page 4 ---
iv 
another interest basis as set out in paragraph (b) above (subject to necessary amendments being 
made to the Credit Linked Conditions applicable to Local Access Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, in the relevant Pricing 
Supplement). 
The Notes may provide for early redemption at the option of the issuer (a call option) and may, at maturity, pay 
a fixed or other redemption amount as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
What is the status of the Notes? 
The Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the relevant Issuer and 
the Guarantor and payments to be made by such Issuer and the Guarantor under the Notes are subject to the 
credit risk of such Issuer and the Guarantor. As such, the potential return on and value of the Notes will be 
adversely affected in the event of a default or deterioration in the financial position of such Issuer and the 
Guarantor. The information on the Issuers and the Guarantors set out in this Base Prospectus (which includes 
information incorporated by reference) provides a description of the Issuers’ and the Guarantors’ business 
activities as well as certain financial information and material risks faced by the Issuers and the Guarantors.

--- Page 5 ---
v 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Distribution of Notes 
Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Citigroup Global Markets 
Europe AG and/or Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and/or any additional dealer appointed under the Programme 
from time to time by the Issuers (each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”) which appointment may be for 
a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. In relation to each issue of Notes, the Dealer(s) will be specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. However, each Issuer reserves the right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to other 
entities and to offer Notes in specified jurisdictions directly to the public through distributors in accordance 
with all applicable rules and regulations. Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related 
thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the Issuer or the relevant Dealer. Notes may also be sold by 
the Issuer through the Dealer(s), acting as agent of the Issuer. 
Pursuant to this Base Prospectus, Notes may be issued which are Zero Coupon Notes, Fixed Rate Notes, 
Floating Rate Notes, CMS Rate Notes, Inflation Linked Notes, Range Accrual Notes, Spread Notes, Credit 
Linked Notes, Index Skew Notes or a combination of such Notes (except that (i) Notes cannot be both Zero 
Coupon Notes and Notes which bear interest; (ii) Notes cannot be both Credit Linked Notes and Index Skew 
Notes; and (iii) in respect of Notes which are not Exempt Notes, interest bearing Local Access Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes cannot be combined with Notes having any 
other interest basis), as more fully described in this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the relevant 
Terms and Conditions set out in this Base Prospectus, in which case, if the Issuer is CGMHI, a supplement to 
the CGMHI Base Prospectus (as defined below) or, if the Issuer is CGMFL, a supplement to the CGMFL Base 
Prospectus (as defined below), if appropriate, which describes the effect of the agreement reached in relation to 
such Notes, will be made available.  
Approvals of the Base Prospectus 
Each of the CGMHI Base Prospectus and the CGMFL Base Prospectus (each, as defined in the “Responsibility 
Statement” below) has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank”) as competent 
authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting 
the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Approval by the Central Bank should not be considered an endorsement of any of the Issuers, the CGMHI 
Guarantor, or the CGMFL Guarantor or of the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own assessment 
as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. An electronic copy of this Base Prospectus will be published on 
Euronext Dublin’s website at https://live.euronext.com/. Such approval relates only to Notes which are to be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”) 
and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). 
However, there can be no assurance that such applications will be approved or that, if approved, any such 
approval will be given within a specified timeframe. Application may be made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes 
issued during the period of twelve months after the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official 
list of Euronext Dublin (the “Official List”) and to trading on its regulated market.  
The Central Bank may, at the request of the Issuer, send to a competent authority of another Member State of 
the EEA (i) a copy of this Base Prospectus and (ii) a certificate of approval pursuant to Article 25 of the 
Prospectus Regulation attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation.

--- Page 6 ---
vi 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in 
circumstances where an exemption is available under Articles 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of “retained EU 
law”, as defined in the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”) (the “UK Prospectus 
Regulation”) only applies to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a UK regulated market as defined in 
Article 2(1)(13A) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the 
EUWA (“UK MiFIR”) and/or offered to the public in the United Kingdom (the “UK”) other than in 
circumstances where an exemption is available under section 86 of the Financial Services and Markets Act (as 
amended, “FSMA”). References in this Base Prospectus to “Exempt Notes” are to Notes for which no 
prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation. The 
Central Bank has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection 
with Exempt Notes. 
This document constitutes base listing particulars (in respect of CGMHI as Issuer, the “CGMHI Base Listing 
Particulars” and in respect of CGMFL as Issuer, the “CGMFL Base Listing Particulars”, and together, the 
“Base Listing Particulars”) for the application made to Euronext Dublin for the approval of the CGMHI Base 
Listing Particulars and the CGMFL Base Listing Particulars as base listing particulars and has been approved 
by Euronext Dublin. Application may be made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued during the 12 months from 
the date of the Base Listing Particulars to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the global exchange 
market (the “Global Exchange Market”) which is the exchange regulated market of Euronext Dublin. 
Application may also be made to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s Euro MTF Market (the “Euro 
MTF”). The Global Exchange Market and the Euro MTF are not regulated markets for the purposes of MiFID 
II. Save where expressly provided or the context otherwise requires, where Notes are to be admitted to trading 
on the Global Exchange Market or the Euro MTF, references in this document to “Base Prospectus”, “CGMHI 
Base Prospectus” and “CGMFL Base Prospectus” shall be construed to be to “Base Listing Particulars”, 
“CGMHI Base Listing Particulars” and “CGMFL Base Listing Particulars”, respectively.  
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes 
are intended to be admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin’s regulated market and are intended to be listed on 
the Official List of Euronext Dublin as specified in the applicable Final Terms (as defined below) for the relevant 
Notes. Notes may be listed and admitted to trading on such other or further stock exchanges as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement (as defined 
below) for the relevant Notes.  
Notes are issued in Series (as defined in this Base Prospectus) and each Series may comprise one or more 
Tranches (as defined in this Base Prospectus) of Notes. Each Tranche is the subject of a final terms document 
(the “Final Terms” and references to the “applicable Final Terms” shall be construed accordingly) or, in the 
case of Exempt Notes, a pricing supplement (the “Pricing Supplement” and references to the “applicable 
Pricing Supplement” shall be construed accordingly). As used in this Base Prospectus, “Issue Terms” means 
either: (i) where the Notes are not Exempt Notes, the applicable Final Terms or (ii) where the Notes are Exempt 
Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement, and references should be construed accordingly. 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as Irish listing agent for the Issuer in 
connection with the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the official list or to trading on the 
Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation or the Global Exchange 
Market of Euronext Dublin. 
The Issue Terms will specify with respect to the issue of Notes to which it relates, amongst other things, the 
type of Notes being issued, the aggregate principal amount or number of the Notes, the date of issue of the 
Notes, the issue price, the relevant interest provisions (if any) (including, if applicable, the relevant rate or other

--- Page 7 ---
vii 
item(s) linked to the calculation of interest), the redemption amount of the Notes and, if the Notes are Credit 
Linked Notes or Index Skew Notes, the entities to which, depending on the credit of such entity, the return of 
the Notes (upon an early redemption or otherwise) is linked and certain other terms relating to the offering and 
sale of such Notes. The applicable Final Terms complete the Terms and Conditions of the relevant Notes. The 
applicable Pricing Supplement supplements the Terms and Conditions of the relevant Notes and may specify 
other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Terms 
and Conditions of the relevant Notes, supplement, replace and/or modify such Terms and Conditions. In respect 
of Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin, the applicable Issue Terms will be delivered to Euronext Dublin on 
or before the date of issue of the Notes of that Tranche. The issue price and amount of the Notes of any Tranche 
will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of the issue of such Tranche in accordance 
with prevailing market conditions. 
AN ISSUE OF NOTES MAY BE OF A SPECIALIST NATURE AND SHOULD ONLY BE BOUGHT 
AND TRADED BY INVESTORS WHO ARE PARTICULARLY KNOWLEDGEABLE IN 
INVESTMENT MATTERS. PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF NOTES SHOULD ENSURE THAT 
THEY UNDERSTAND THE NATURE OF THE RELEVANT NOTES AND THE EXTENT OF THEIR 
EXPOSURE TO RISKS AND THAT THEY CONSIDER THE SUITABILITY OF THE RELEVANT 
NOTES AS AN INVESTMENT IN LIGHT OF THEIR OWN CIRCUMSTANCES AND FINANCIAL 
CONDITION. IT IS THE RESPONSIBILITY OF PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS TO ENSURE THAT 
THEY HAVE SUFFICIENT KNOWLEDGE, EXPERIENCE AND PROFESSIONAL ADVICE TO 
MAKE THEIR OWN LEGAL, FINANCIAL, TAX, ACCOUNTING AND OTHER BUSINESS 
EVALUATION OF THE MERITS AND RISKS OF INVESTING IN THE NOTES AND ARE NOT 
RELYING ON THE ADVICE OF THE ISSUER, THE CGMHI GUARANTOR, THE CGMFL 
GUARANTOR OR ANY DEALER IN THIS REGARD. NOTES MAY INVOLVE A HIGH DEGREE OF 
RISK, INCLUDING THE PRINCIPAL OR INITIAL INVESTMENT AMOUNT AND/OR ANY 
INTEREST PAYABLE IN RESPECT OF THE NOTES NOT BEING PROTECTED. POTENTIAL 
INVESTORS MAY SUSTAIN A LOSS OF ALL OR PART OF THEIR INVESTMENT IN THE NOTES. 
SEE “RISK FACTORS” SET OUT IN THIS BASE PROSPECTUS. 
In addition, prospective investors should note that Events of Default in respect of the CGMHI Guarantor 
are limited to the events constituting an Event of Default relating to default in payment of principal, 
interest or termination amounts in respect of the Notes but will not include the insolvency or bankruptcy 
of the CGMHI Guarantor (or any similar event), any other default of the CGMHI Guarantor or the 
CGMHI Deed of Guarantee being (or being claimed not to be) in full force and effect. Therefore, even 
though the CGMHI Guarantor may be declared insolvent or have entered into bankruptcy proceedings 
or disclaimed the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee, holders of Notes issued by CGMHI will not be able to 
trigger an Event of Default under the Notes and thus will not be able to cause the Notes to be immediately 
due and payable, and the Notes will not redeem until maturity (unless there has been an Event of Default 
due to non-payment of interest, principal or termination amounts or bankruptcy or other default of 
CGMHI in the meantime or the occurrence of any other applicable event triggering an early redemption 
of the Notes). It is possible that holders may receive a lower return at maturity than if they were able to 
accelerate the Notes for immediate repayment in such circumstances.  
Belgian Code of Economic Law 
In respect of offers of Notes in Belgium, the Issuer could be required to comply with the provisions of the 
Belgian Code of Economic Law, especially the provisions on unfair terms in the application of the Terms and 
Conditions as set out in the Base Prospectus and the relevant Issue Terms relating to such Notes in Belgium, 
insofar as these provisions are applicable.

--- Page 8 ---
viii 
Notes (that are not Swedish Notes or Finnish Notes) will be Registered Notes  
Subject as provided below in the case of Swedish Notes and Finnish Notes, Notes to be issued hereunder will 
be in registered form (“Registered Notes”) and will be represented by registered note certificates (“Registered 
Note Certificates”), one Registered Note Certificate being issued in respect of each holder’s entire holding of 
Registered Notes of one Series. Registered Notes which are held in Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. (“Euroclear”) 
and Clearstream Banking S.A., (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) or the Depository Trust Company (“DTC”), as 
the case may be, will be represented by a global Registered Note Certificate (a “Global Registered Note 
Certificate”) registered in the name of a nominee for either Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, 
as the case may be, and the Global Registered Note Certificate will be delivered to the appropriate depositary, 
common safekeeper or custodian, as the case may be. Interests in a Global Registered Note Certificate will be 
exchangeable for definitive Registered Note Certificates as described under “Form of the Notes” set out in this 
Base Prospectus. In addition, indirect interests in Notes may be delivered, held and settled via the CREST 
Depository Interest (“CDI”) mechanism in Euroclear UK and Ireland (“CREST”). 
Swedish Notes 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Notes issued in accordance with the Swedish Act on Central Securities 
Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och 
kontoföring av finansiella instrument) (“SFIA Act”) (“Swedish Notes”) will be issued in uncertificated and 
dematerialised book-entry form in accordance with the SFIA Act. No global or definitive registered Swedish 
Notes will be issued. The Swedish Notes will be transferable only in accordance with the provisions of the SFIA 
Act, other applicable Swedish legislation and the rules and regulations applicable to, and/or issued by, Euroclear 
Sweden AB (“Euroclear Sweden”). 
Finnish Notes 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Notes issued in accordance with the Finnish Act on the Book-Entry System and 
Clearing Operations (Fin. laki arvo-osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta (348/2017, as amended)) and 
with the Finnish Act on the Book-Entry Accounts (Fin. laki arvo-osuustileistä (827/1991, as amended) 
(“Finnish Notes”) will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form. No global or definitive 
registered Notes will be issued. The Finnish Notes will be registrable and transferable only in accordance with 
the legislation, rules and regulations applicable to, and/or issued by, Euroclear Finland Ltd (“Euroclear 
Finland”). Finnish Notes will be subject to automatic redemption and be cash settled. 
U.S. notices 
None of the Notes or the Guarantees has been nor will be registered under the United States Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or 
other jurisdiction of the United States. 
The Notes and Guarantees may be offered and sold outside of the United States to non-U.S. persons in 
reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”). Notes issued by CGMHI and 
guaranteed by the CGMHI Guarantor, may be offered and sold within the United States to “qualified 
institutional buyers” (“QIBs”) in transactions exempt from registration under the Securities Act in 
reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act (“Rule 144A”). Notes and Guarantees may not be offered 
or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in 
Regulation S) other than, in the case of Notes issued by CGMHI and guaranteed by the CGMHI 
Guarantor, to QIBs in reliance on Rule 144A. Notes issued by CGMFL, which are guaranteed by the

--- Page 9 ---
ix 
CGMFL Guarantor, will not be offered and sold in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons at any time. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and transfers of 
Notes, see “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”. Any purchaser of Notes that is a 
registered U.S. investment company should consult its own counsel regarding the applicability of Section 
12(d) and Section 17 of the Investment Company Act of 1940 and the rules promulgated thereunder to 
its purchase of Notes and should reach an independent conclusion with respect to the issues involved in 
such purchase. 
The Notes, the Guarantees, and any entitlement do not constitute, and have not been marketed as, contracts of 
sale of a commodity for future delivery (or options thereon) subject to the United States Commodity Exchange 
Act, as amended (the “CEA”), and trading in the Notes has not been approved by the United States Commodity 
Futures Trading Commission (the “CFTC”) pursuant to the CEA. 
The Notes may not be offered or sold to, or acquired by, any person that is, or whose purchase and holding 
of the Notes is made on behalf of or with “plan assets” of, an employee benefit plan subject to Title I of 
the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”), a plan, individual 
retirement account or other arrangement subject to Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended (the “Code”), or an employee benefit plan or other plan or arrangement subject to any 
laws, rules or regulations substantially similar to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 
Russian notices  
Information contained herein is not an offer, or an invitation to make offers, sell, exchange or otherwise transfer 
any securities in the Russian Federation to or for the benefit of any Russian person or entity and does not 
constitute an advertisement or offering of securities in the Russian Federation within the meaning of Russian 
securities laws. Information contained in this Base Prospectus is not intended for any persons in the Russian 
Federation who are not “qualified investors” within the meaning of Article 51.2 of Federal Law No. 39-FZ “On 
the Securities Market” dated 22 April 1996, as amended (the “Russian QIs”) and must not be distributed or 
circulated into Russia or made available in Russia to any persons who are not Russian QIs, unless and to the 
extent they are otherwise permitted to access such information under Russian law. The Notes have not been and 
will not be registered in Russia and are not intended for “placement” or “circulation” in Russia (each as defined 
in Russian securities laws) or otherwise for sale to Russian persons unless and to the extent otherwise permitted 
under Russian law. Information contained herein may not correspond to the risk profile of a particular investor, 
does not take in account one’s personal preferences and expectations on risk and/or profitability and therefore 
does not constitute an individual investment recommendation for the purposes of Russian law.  
Services by Affiliates 
In connection with your acquisition of Notes issued under this Base Prospectus, an affiliate of the Issuer may 
provide product and sales services to you (“Services”). Each affiliate provides such Services on its own behalf. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Citigroup and its affiliates (including the Issuer and any such affiliates of the 
Issuer) have previously agreed to share revenue in respect of any Notes based on the respective contributions 
by such Citigroup companies, including the provision by such affiliate(s) of Services. Accordingly, a portion of 
the revenue received by the Issuer from you in respect of the Notes is allocable to such affiliate(s) and is received 
by the Issuer on behalf of such affiliate(s). For a list of affiliates providing Services in specific countries, please 
see https://www.citibank.com/icg/docs/Affiliates.pdf

--- Page 10 ---
x 
EU Benchmarks Regulation: Article 29(2) statement on benchmarks 
Amounts payable or assets deliverable under the Notes may be calculated or otherwise determined by reference 
to one or more benchmarks for the purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the “EU Benchmarks 
Regulation”). In this case, the applicable Issue Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided 
by an administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation. Transitional provisions in the EU Benchmarks Regulation may apply such that the administrator of 
a particular benchmark is not required to be included in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the 
date of the applicable Issue Terms.  
CREDIT RATINGS 
CGMHI has a long term/short term senior debt rating of A/A-1 by Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC 
(“S&P”), A2/P-1 by Moody’s Investors Service Ltd (“Moody’s”) and A+/F1 by Fitch Ratings Limited 
(“Fitch”).1  
CGMFL has a long term/short term senior debt rating of A+/A-1 by S&P and A+/F1 by Fitch, and a long term 
senior debt rating of A1 by Moody’s.2  
Citigroup Inc. has a long-term/short-term senior debt rating of BBB+/A-2 by S&P, A3/P-2 by Moody’s and 
A/F1 by Fitch.3 
 
1 
“A” by S&P: An obligor rated “A” has strong capacity to meet its financial commitments but is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in circumstances 
and economic conditions than obligors in higher-rated categories (source: www.standardandpoors.com). 
 
“A-1” by S&P: An obligor rated “A-1” has strong capacity to meet its financial commitments. It is rated in the highest category by S&P Global Ratings (source: 
www.standardandpoors.com).  
 
“A2” by Moody’s: Obligations rated “A” are judged to be upper-medium grade and are subject to low credit risk. The modifier 2 indicates a mid-range ranking (source: 
www.moodys.com).  
 
“P-1” by Moody’s: Issuers (or supporting institutions) rated “Prime-1” have a superior ability to repay short-term debt obligations (source: www.moodys.com). 
 
“A+” by Fitch: “A” ratings denote expectations of low default risk. The capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered strong. This capacity may, nevertheless, 
be more vulnerable to adverse business or economic conditions than is the case for higher ratings. The modifiers ‘+’ or ‘–’ may be appended to a rating to denote relative status 
within major rating categories (source: www.fitchratings.com).  
 
“F1” by Fitch: Indicates the strongest intrinsic capacity for timely payment of financial commitments (source: www.fitchratings.com).  
2 
“A+” by S&P: An obligor rated “A” has strong capacity to meet its financial commitments but is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in circumstances 
and economic conditions than obligors in higher-rated categories. The addition of a plus sign shows the relative standing within the rating category (source: 
www.standardandpoors.com). 
 
“A-1” by S&P: An obligor rated “A-1” has strong capacity to meet its financial commitments. It is rated in the highest category by S&P Global Ratings (source: 
www.standardandpoors.com). 
 
“A+” by Fitch: “A” ratings denote expectations of low default risk. The capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered strong. This capacity may, nevertheless, 
be more vulnerable to adverse business or economic conditions than is the case for higher ratings. The modifiers ‘+’ or ‘–’ may be appended to a rating to denote relative status 
within major rating categories (source: www.fitchratings.com). 
 
“F1” by Fitch: Indicates the strongest intrinsic capacity for timely payment of financial commitments (source: www.fitchratings.com). 
 
“A1” by Moody’s: Obligations rated “A” are judged to be upper-medium grade and are subject to low credit risk. The modifier 1 indicates that the obligation ranks in the 
higher end of its generic rating category (source: www.moodys.com).  
3 
“BBB+” by S&P: An obligor rated “BBB” has adequate capacity to meet its financial commitments. However, adverse economic conditions or changing circumstances are 
more likely to weaken the obligor’s capacity to meet its financial commitments. The addition of a plus sign shows the relative standing within the rating category (source: 
www.standardandpoors.com).  
“A-2” by S&P: An obligor rated “A-2” has satisfactory capacity to meet its financial commitments. However, it is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes 
in circumstances and economic conditions than obligors in the highest rating category (source: www.standardandpoors.com). 
“A3” by Moody’s: Obligations rated “A” are judged to be upper-medium grade and are subject to low credit risk. The modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower end of that 
generic rating category (source: www.moodys.com). 
“P-2” by Moody’s: Issuers (or supporting institutions) rated “Prime-2” have a strong ability to repay short-term debt obligations (source: www.moodys.com).

--- Page 11 ---
xi 
CGML has a long term/short term senior debt rating of A+/A-1 by S&P, A1/P-1 by Moody’s and A+/F1 by 
Fitch.4 
The rating of a certain Tranche of Notes may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
S&P is not established in the European Union (the “EU”) and has not applied for registration under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended or superseded) (the “CRA Regulation”). The S&P ratings have been 
endorsed by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“SPGRE”). SPGRE is established in the EU and registered 
under the CRA Regulation. As such, SPGRE is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
ESMA on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation. ESMA has indicated that ratings issued in the United States of America which have 
been endorsed by SPGRE may be used in the EU by the relevant market participants.  
Moody’s is not established in the EU and is not registered under the CRA Regulation. The Moody’s ratings 
have been endorsed by Moody’s Investors Services Ltd. which is not established in the EU. Following the end 
of the transition period of the UK’s withdrawal from the EU, which occurred on 31 December 2020, Moody’s 
Investors Services Ltd. is no longer registered under the CRA Regulation as it no longer meets the conditions 
under which it was registered, including being a legal person established in the EU. The ratings issued by such 
credit rating agency cannot be used for regulatory purposes in the EU unless endorsed by an EU credit rating 
agency. Various UK-based credit rating agencies including Moody’s Investors Service Ltd. continue to take 
steps to ensure that an EU credit rating agency will be willing and able to endorse its credit ratings. 
Fitch is not established in the EU and is not registered under the CRA Regulation. The Fitch ratings have been 
endorsed by Fitch Ratings Limited which is not established in the EU. Following the end of the transition period 
of the UK’s withdrawal from the EU, which occurred on 31 December 2020, ESMA has withdrawn the 
registration of Fitch Ratings Limited under the CRA Regulation as it no longer meets the conditions under 
which it was registered, including being a legal person established in the EU. The ratings issued by such credit 
rating agency cannot be used for regulatory purposes in the EU unless endorsed by an EU credit rating agency. 
Various UK-based CRAs including Fitch Ratings Limited continue to take steps to ensure that an EU credit 
rating agency will be willing and able to endorse its credit ratings. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the EU and registered under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the applicable 
Issue Terms.  
The Notes, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee constitute unconditional 
liabilities of the respective issuers. None of the Notes, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and the CGMFL Deed 
 
“A” by Fitch: “A” ratings denote expectations of low default risk. The capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered strong. This capacity may, nevertheless, 
be more vulnerable to adverse business or economic conditions than is the case for higher ratings (source: www.fitchratings.com). 
“F1” by Fitch: Indicates the strongest intrinsic capacity for timely payment of financial commitments (source: www.fitchratings.com). 
4 
“A+” by S&P: An obligor rated “A” has strong capacity to meet its financial commitments but is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in circumstances 
and economic conditions than obligors in higher-rated categories. The addition of a plus sign shows the relative standing within the rating category (source: 
www.standardandpoors.com). 
 
“A-1” by S&P: An obligor rated “A-1” has strong capacity to meet its financial commitments. It is rated in the highest category by S&P Global Ratings (source: 
www.standardandpoors.com). 
 
“A1” by Moody’s: Obligations rated “A” are judged to be upper-medium grade and are subject to low credit risk. The modifier 1 indicates that the obligation ranks in the 
higher end of its generic rating category (source: www.moodys.com). 
 
“P-1” by Moody’s: Issuers (or supporting institutions) rated “Prime-1” have a superior ability to repay short-term debt obligations (source: www.moodys.com). 
 
“A+” by Fitch: “A” ratings denote expectations of low default risk. The capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered strong. This capacity may, nevertheless, 
be more vulnerable to adverse business or economic conditions than is the case for higher ratings. The modifiers ‘+’ or ‘–’ may be appended to a rating to denote relative status 
within major rating categories (source: www.fitchratings.com). 
 
“F1” by Fitch: Indicates the strongest intrinsic capacity for timely payment of financial commitments (source: www.fitchratings.com).

--- Page 12 ---
xii 
of Guarantee is insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (“FDIC”) or any other deposit protection 
insurance scheme. 
An “Index of Defined Terms” is set out on pages 978 - 990 of this Base Prospectus. 
Arranger of the Programme 
Citigroup 
Dealers 
Citigroup

--- Page 13 ---
xiii 
This CGMHI Base Prospectus (excluding the CGMFL Base Prospectus (as defined below)) comprises a base 
prospectus in respect of all Notes other than Exempt Notes for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation in respect of Notes to be issued by CGMHI. 
This CGMFL Base Prospectus (excluding the CGMHI Base Prospectus (as defined below)) comprises a base 
prospectus in respect of all Notes other than Exempt Notes for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation in respect of Notes to be issued by CGMFL. 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
CGMHI accepts responsibility for the information contained in (i) the CGMHI Base Prospectus and (ii) the 
Issue Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme where CGMHI is the Issuer of such Tranche 
of Notes. CGMHI does not take responsibility for the CGMFL Base Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge of 
CGMHI, the information contained in the CGMHI Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does 
not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information.  
The CGMHI Guarantor accepts responsibility for the information contained in (i) the CGMHI Base Prospectus 
(excluding the information set out under the heading “Description of Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc.”) 
and (ii) the Issue Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme where CGMHI is the Issuer of 
such Tranche of Notes. The CGMHI Guarantor does not take responsibility for the CGMFL Base Prospectus. 
To the best of the knowledge of the CGMHI Guarantor, the information contained in the CGMHI Base 
Prospectus (excluding the information set out under the heading “Description of Citigroup Global Markets 
Holdings Inc.”) is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such 
information.  
CGMFL accepts responsibility for the information contained in (i) the CGMFL Base Prospectus and (ii) the 
Issue Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme where CGMFL is the Issuer of such Tranche 
of Notes. CGMFL does not take responsibility for the CGMHI Base Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge of 
CGMFL, the information contained in the CGMFL Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does 
not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information.  
The CGMFL Guarantor accepts responsibility for the information contained in (i) the CGMFL Base Prospectus 
(excluding the information set out under the heading “Description of Citigroup Global Markets Funding 
Luxembourg S.C.A.” and information set out in Section E.5 entitled “Alternative Performance Measures – 
Citigroup Inc.”) and (ii) the Issue Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme where CGMFL 
is the Issuer of such Tranche of Notes. The CGMFL Guarantor does not take responsibility for the CGMHI 
Base Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge of the CGMFL Guarantor, the information contained in the 
CGMFL Base Prospectus (excluding the information set out under the heading “Description of Citigroup 
Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A.” and the information set out in Section E.5 entitled “Alternative 
Performance Measures – Citigroup Inc.”) is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to 
affect the import of such information.  
Unless otherwise expressly stated in the applicable Pricing Supplement, any information contained in it relating 
to the Reference Item(s) will only consist of extracts from, or summaries of, and will be based solely on, 
information contained in financial and other information released publicly by the issuer, owner or sponsor, as 
the case may be, of such Reference Item(s). Unless, otherwise expressly stated in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, in relation to Exempt Notes and a Pricing Supplement only, the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor 
(where the Issuer is CGMHI) and the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) accept(s) responsibility 
for accurately reproducing such extracts or summaries and, as far as the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor (where 
the Issuer is CGMHI) and the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) is/are aware and is/are able 
to ascertain from information published by the issuer, owner or sponsor, as the case may be, of such Reference

--- Page 14 ---
xiv 
Item(s), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
This paragraph should be read in conjunction with the four paragraphs immediately above. 
The CGMHI Base Prospectus should be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated by 
reference in it (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMHI Base Prospectus”). The CGMHI 
Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated into and form 
part of the CGMHI Base Prospectus. 
The CGMFL Base Prospectus should be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated by 
reference in it (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMFL Base Prospectus”). The CGMFL 
Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated into and form 
part of the CGMFL Base Prospectus. 
The CGMHI base prospectus (the “CGMHI Base Prospectus”) will comprise this Base Prospectus with the 
exception of: 
(a) 
the information in the section entitled “Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMFL Base 
Prospectus” and all information incorporated in it by reference thereby; 
(b) 
the information in the section entitled “Description of Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg 
S.C.A.”;  
(c) 
the information in the section entitled “Description of Citigroup Global Markets Limited”; and 
(d) 
the information set out in Section E.6 “Alternative Performance Measures – CGMFL Guarantor”. 
The CGMFL base prospectus (the “CGMFL Base Prospectus”) will comprise this Base Prospectus with the 
exception of: 
(a) 
the information in the section entitled “Documents Incorporated by Reference for the CGMHI Base 
Prospectus” and all information incorporated in it by reference thereby;  
(b) 
the information in the section entitled “Description of Citigroup Inc.”; and 
(c) 
the information in the section entitled “Description of Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc.”. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those contained 
in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes and, if given or made, such information 
or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor 
(where the Issuer is CGMHI), the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) or any of the Dealers. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any 
circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor and/or the CGMFL Guarantor since the date of this Base Prospectus or the date upon which this 
Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in 
the financial position of any Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and/or the CGMFL Guarantor since the date of this 
Base Prospectus or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented 
or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent 
to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same.

--- Page 15 ---
xv 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
AND OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. None of CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor or the Dealers 
represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an 
exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. 
In particular, unless specifically indicated to the contrary in the applicable Issue Terms, no action has been taken 
by CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor or the Dealers which is intended to permit 
a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that 
purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, 
except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons 
into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, 
any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, 
there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United 
States of America, the EEA, the UK, Argentina, Australia, Austria, the Kingdom of Bahrain, Belgium, Brazil, 
British Virgin Islands, Cayman Islands, Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica, Czech Republic, Republic of Cyprus, 
Denmark, Dominican Republic, Dubai International Financial Centre, Ecuador, El Salvador, Finland, France, 
Guatemala, Honduras, Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Hungary, India, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Japan, 
State of Kuwait, Mexico, The Netherlands, Norway, Oman, Panama, Paraguay, People’s Republic of China, 
Peru, the Philippines, Poland, Portugal, State of Qatar, Russian Federation, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, 
Singapore, South Africa, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan, Republic of Turkey, the United Arab Emirates 
(excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre) and Uruguay. See “Subscription and Sale and Transfer 
and Selling Restrictions”.  
The price and principal amount or number of any Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined 
by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
The Dealers have not separately verified the information contained in this Base Prospectus. None of the Dealers 
makes any representation, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or 
completeness of any of the information in this Base Prospectus. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any financial statements or other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Notes are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be 
considered as a recommendation or a statement of opinion, or a report of either of those things, by any Issuer, 
the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus 
or any other financial statements or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes should purchase any Notes. Each potential purchaser of any Notes should determine for itself the 
relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of any Notes should be based 
upon such investigation as it deems necessary. Each potential purchaser is authorised to use this Base Prospectus 
solely for the purpose of considering the purchase of Notes described in this Base Prospectus; any other usage 
of this Base Prospectus is unauthorised. None of the Dealers undertakes to review the financial condition or 
affairs of any Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor during the life of the arrangements 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in any Notes of any 
information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers.

--- Page 16 ---
xvi 
For convenience, certain website addresses have been provided in this Base Prospectus. Except as expressly set 
out in this Base Prospectus, no information in such websites should be deemed to be incorporated in, or form a 
part of, this Base Prospectus, and none of the Issuers, the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor or any 
Dealer takes responsibility for the information contained in such websites. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “Euro”, 
“euro”, “€” or “EUR” are to the single currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the European 
Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended 
(the “Treaty”), references to “U.S. dollars”, “U.S.$”, “$” and “USD” are to the currency of the United States 
of America, references to “Yen” and “JPY” are to the currency of Japan, references to “Renminbi”, “RMB” 
and “CNY” are to the currency of the People’s Republic of China, references to “Sterling” and “GBP” are to 
the currency of the UK, references to “Australian dollars” and “AUD” are to the currency of the 
Commonwealth of Australia, references to “New Zealand dollars” are to the currency of New Zealand, 
references to “Polish Zloty” and “PLN” are to the currency of the Republic of Poland, references to “Brazilian 
real” are to the currency of the Federal Republic of Brazil, references to “Norwegian Kroner” are to the 
currency of the Kingdom of Norway, references to “Saudi Riyals” are to the currency of the Kingdom of Saudi 
Arabia and references to “Rand” are to the currency of the Republic of South Africa. 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus have the 
meaning attributed to them in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, or any other section of this Base 
Prospectus. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law. 
In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of the Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI), the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) 
and the terms of the Notes being offered, including the merits and risks involved. None of the Notes have 
been approved or disapproved by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any other 
securities commission or other regulatory authority in the United States, nor have the foregoing 
authorities approved this Base Prospectus or confirmed the accuracy or determined the adequacy of the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. The Notes 
do not constitute, and have not been marketed as, contracts of sale of a commodity for future delivery 
(or options thereon) subject to the United States Commodity Exchange Act, as amended, and trading in 
the Notes has not been approved by the CFTC pursuant to the United States Commodity Exchange Act, 
as amended. 
None of the Issuers, the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor or any Dealer makes any 
representation to any investor in any Notes regarding the legality of its investment under any applicable 
laws. Any investor in any Notes should be able to bear the economic risk of an investment in such Notes 
for an indefinite period of time. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS  
If the Issue Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a “retail 
investor” means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article

--- Page 17 ---
xvii 
4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS  
If the Issue Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a “retail investor” 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/565 as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA; (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of the provisions of FSMA and any rules or regulations made under FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) 
of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in the UK Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA (the 
“UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.  
MiFID II product governance – A determination will be made in relation to each issue of Notes about whether, 
for the purpose of the product governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product 
Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise none of the Arranger, the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purposes of MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance – A determination will be made in relation to each issue of Notes about 
whether, for the purpose of the product governance rules under the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for 
any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor 
any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purposes of UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO SWISS PRIVATE CLIENTS 
The Notes are not intended to be, and may not be offered or recommended to private clients within the meaning 
of the Swiss Financial Services Act (the “FinSA”). For these purposes, a private client means a person who is 
not a professional client under Articles 4 and 5 FinSA. Consequently, no prospectus or key information 
document according to FinSA or any equivalent document under FinSA has been or will be prepared in relation 
to the Notes. 
U.S. INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus is being submitted in the United States to a limited number of QIBs only for 
informational use solely in connection with the consideration of the purchase of Notes issued by CGMHI 
(“CGMHI Notes”) and guaranteed by Citigroup Inc. pursuant to a deed of guarantee dated on or about 
26 July 2019 and executed by Citigroup Inc. (“CGMHI Deed of Guarantee”) being offered hereby. Its 
use for any other purpose in the United States is not authorised. It may not be copied or reproduced in

--- Page 18 ---
xviii 
whole or in part nor may it be distributed or any of its contents disclosed to anyone other than the 
prospective investors to whom it is originally submitted. 
CGMHI Notes may be offered or sold within the United States or to U.S. persons only if the applicable 
Issue Terms specify that they are being offered in reliance on Rule 144A and then only to QIBs in 
transactions exempt from registration under the Securities Act. Each U.S. purchaser of CGMHI Notes is 
hereby notified that the offer and sale of any Notes to it is being made in reliance upon the exemption 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A and one or more 
exemptions and/or exclusions from regulation under the CEA. 
Each purchaser or holder of CGMHI Notes will be deemed, by its acceptance or purchase of any such 
Notes, to have made certain representations and agreements intended to restrict the resale or other 
transfer of such Notes as set out in “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”. Unless 
otherwise stated, terms used in this “U.S. Information” section have the meanings given to them in “Form 
of the Notes”. 
Notwithstanding any limitation on disclosure by any party provided for in this Base Prospectus, or any other 
provision of this Base Prospectus and its contents or any associated Issue Terms, and effective from the date of 
commencement of any discussions concerning any of the transactions contemplated in it (the “Transactions”), 
any party (and each employee, representative, or other agent of any party) may disclose to any and all persons, 
without limitation of any kind, the tax treatment and tax structure of the Transactions and all materials of any 
kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to it relating to such tax treatment and tax 
structure, except to the extent that any such disclosure could reasonably be expected to cause this Base 
Prospectus, any associated Issue Terms, or any offering of Notes thereunder not to be in compliance with 
securities laws. For the purposes of this paragraph, the tax treatment of the Transactions is the purported or 
claimed U.S. federal income tax treatment of the Transactions, and the tax structure of the Transactions is any 
fact that may be relevant to understanding the purported or claimed U.S. federal income tax treatment of the 
Transactions. 
AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
Each of CGMHI and Citigroup Inc. has, in respect of Notes issued by CGMHI, undertaken in a deed poll dated 
16 December 2022 (as amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Rule 144A Deed Poll”) 
to give, upon the request of a holder of any Notes and Guarantees offered and sold in reliance on Rule 144A or 
any beneficial interest in such Notes and Guarantees, to such holder or to a prospective purchaser designated 
by him the information required to be delivered under Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act if, at the time 
of the request, Citigroup Inc. is neither a reporting company under Section 13 or 15(d) of the U.S. Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), nor exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-
2(b) thereunder.  
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS IN THE KINGDOM OF SAUDI ARABIA  
This Base Prospectus may not be distributed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia except to such persons as are 
permitted under the Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing Obligations issued by the Capital Market 
Authority of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (the “CMA”). 
The CMA does not make any representations as to the accuracy or completeness of this Base Prospectus and 
expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from, or incurred in reliance upon, any part of 
this Base Prospectus. Prospective purchasers of Notes issued under the Programme should conduct their own

--- Page 19 ---
xix 
due diligence on the accuracy of the information relating to the Notes. If a prospective purchaser does not 
understand the contents of this Base Prospectus he or she should consult an authorised financial adviser. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS IN THE KINGDOM OF BAHRAIN  
In relation to investors in the Kingdom of Bahrain, Notes issued in connection with this prospectus and related 
offering documents must be in registered form and must only be marketed to existing account holders and 
accredited investors as defined by the CBB in the Kingdom of Bahrain where such investors make a minimum 
investment of at least U.S.$ 100,000 or any equivalent amount in other currency or such other amount as the 
CBB may determine. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of Notes in the Kingdom of Bahrain in terms of Article (81) 
of the Central Bank and Financial Institutions Law 2006 (decree Law No. 64 of 2006). This prospectus and 
related offering documents have not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the Central Bank of 
Bahrain (CBB). Accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or made the subject of an invitation for subscription 
or purchase nor will this prospectus or any other related document or material be used in connection with any 
offer, sale or invitation to subscribe or purchase Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in the Kingdom 
of Bahrain, other than as marketing to accredited investors for an offer outside Bahrain. 
The CBB has not reviewed, approved or registered the prospectus or related offering documents and it has not 
in any way considered the merits of the Notes to be marketed for investment, whether in or outside the Kingdom 
of Bahrain. Therefore, the CBB assumes no responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the statements 
and information contained in this document and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss 
howsoever arising from reliance upon the whole or any part of the content of this document.  
No offer of Notes will be made to the public in the Kingdom of Bahrain and this prospectus must be read by 
the addressee only and must not be issued, passed to, or made available to the public generally. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS IN THE STATE OF QATAR (INCLUDING THE QATAR 
FINANCIAL CENTRE) 
The Notes will not be offered, sold or delivered, at any time, directly or indirectly, in the State of Qatar 
(including the Qatar Financial Centre (the “QFC”)) in a manner that would constitute a public offering. This 
Base Prospectus and the Notes have not been and will not be reviewed or approved by or registered with the 
Qatar Central Bank, the Qatar Stock Exchange, the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority or the Qatar 
Financial Markets Authority or any other regulator in the State of Qatar in accordance with their regulations or 
any other regulations in the State of Qatar (including the QFC). The Notes are not and will not be traded on the 
Qatar Stock Exchange. Recourse against the Issuer and any Dealer and those involved with them, may be limited 
or difficult and may have to be pursued in a jurisdiction outside Qatar and the QFC. Any distribution of this 
Base Prospectus by the recipient to third parties in Qatar or the QFC beyond the terms hereof is not authorised 
and shall be at the liability of such recipient.  
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS IN TURKEY 
This Base Prospectus is provided upon your request and this Base Prospectus (and any information contained 
herein) is for information purposes and is not intended to provide any investment advice or constitute an offer 
of Notes for sale, or solicitation of an offer to purchase of Notes by Turkish residents or toward Turkish market. 
The Notes referred to herein have not been approved by the Capital Markets Board of Turkey (the “CMB”) 
and, therefore, no material, announcement or promotion, regardless of its form or medium, could be made or 
distributed to Turkish residents that would constitute “an offer of sale in Turkey or towards Turkish residents”.

--- Page 20 ---
xx 
Pursuant to Article 15(d)(ii) of Decree No. 32 regarding the protection of the value of the Turkish currency, 
however, resident of Turkey may purchase the Notes on an unsolicited (reverse inquiry) basis, provided that (i) 
such Notes are traded in the financial markets outside of Turkey; (ii) such purchase is made through licensed 
banks and/or licensed brokerage institutions in Turkey; and (iii) the consideration of the purchase of such Notes 
has been or will be transferred through licensed banks operating in Turkey. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS IN THE UNITED ARAB EMIRATES (EXCLUDING THE DUBAI 
INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL CENTRE) 
This Base Prospectus may not be distributed in the United Arab Emirates (“UAE”) other than to a limited 
number of investors who qualify as professional investors as defined in the Securities and Commodities 
Authority (“SCA”) Decision No. 13/RM/2021 on the Rules Handbook of Financial Activities and Mechanisms 
of Status Regularisation. No Notes have been or are being publicly offered, sold, promoted or advertised in the 
UAE. The Notes will be sold outside the UAE and are not part of a public offering. This Base Prospectus, any 
relevant documents and the Notes have not been reviewed or approved by, registered or deposited with, the 
UAE Central Bank, SCA or any other relevant licensing authorities or governmental agencies in the UAE. This 
Base Prospectus must not be shown, made available or provided to any person other than the original recipient 
and may not be reproduced or used for any other purpose. The Notes may not be offered or sold directly or 
indirectly to the public in the UAE. If a prospective purchaser does not understand the contents of this Base 
Prospectus he or she should consult an authorised financial adviser.  
TARGET MARKET ASSESSMENT 
If an entity subject to the MiFID Product Governance Rules or the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules is the 
manufacturer in respect of any Series of Notes (for such purposes), then such manufacturer may prepare a 
specific target market assessment in respect of the Notes of that Series (a “Series TMA”). In connection with 
any issue of Notes in respect of which Citigroup Global Markets Limited is the manufacturer (for the purposes 
of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) and no Series TMA has been prepared, then the following Target 
Market Assessment and Distribution Strategy at  https://www.citi.com/icg/global_markets/docs/Target-Market-
and-Distribution-Strategy-UK-EEA.pdf shall apply. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer’s target market 
assessment and distribution strategy; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for (i) 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer’s target market assessment); and (ii) determining appropriate distribution channels.  
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified 
or amended from time to time (the “SFA”) – Unless otherwise specified by the Issuer before an offer of Notes, 
the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), 
that all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be capital markets products other than prescribed 
capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 
of Singapore) and Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale 
of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).

--- Page 21 ---
xxi 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
SECTION A – GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................... xxv 
This section sets out a brief description of the Programme.  
SECTION B – RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................................ 26 
This section sets out the principal risks the Issuers and the Guarantor believe to be inherent in investing in 
Notes. 
SECTION C – INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS.............................................................................. 87 
This section sets out certain investment considerations to be carefully considered by an investor prior to 
making a decision as to whether to invest in the Notes. 
SECTION D – DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE AND AVAILABLE FOR 
INSPECTION AND SUPPLEMENTS ...................................................................................................... 97 
This section incorporates selected financial information regarding the Issuers and the Guarantor from other 
publicly available documents. This section also details where certain other specified documents relating to the 
Notes are made available for viewing. 
SECTION D.1 – DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMHI BASE 
PROSPECTUS ........................................................................................................................................ 98 
SECTION D.2 – DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMFL BASE 
PROSPECTUS ...................................................................................................................................... 108 
SECTION D.3 – DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE FOR INSPECTION.....................................................118 
SECTION D.4 – SUPPLEMENTS TO THE CGMHI BASE PROSPECTUS OR THE CGMFL BASE 
PROSPECTUS ...................................................................................................................................... 120 
SECTION E – INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUERS, THE CGMHI GUARANTOR AND 
THE CGMFL GUARANTOR .................................................................................................................. 121 
This section provides a description of the Issuers’ and the Guarantors’ business activities as well as certain 
summary financial and other information in respect of them. 
SECTION E.1 – DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS HOLDINGS INC. ........... 122 
SECTION E.2 – DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP INC. ..................................................................... 128 
SECTION E.3 – DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS FUNDING LUXEMBOURG 
S.C.A. .................................................................................................................................................... 134 
SECTION E.4 – DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS LIMITED ........................ 140 
SECTION E.5 – ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES – CITIGROUP INC. ................... 143 
SECTION E.6 – ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES – CGMFL GUARANTOR. ......... 155 
SECTION F – OFFER .............................................................................................................................. 160 
This section sets out a general description of the Programme under which Notes may be issued. 
GENERAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUE OF NOTES UNDER THIS BASE 
PROSPECTUS ...................................................................................................................................... 161

--- Page 22 ---
xxii 
This section sets out certain general information relating to the listing and clearing system(s) that may 
apply to Notes issued under the Base Prospectus, as well as explaining that there is no intention to 
provide post-issuance information.  
SECTION F.2 – ISSUE OF NOTES ...................................................................................................... 162 
This section sets out general information relating to the issue of Notes, including an explanation of the 
differences between a Tranche and a Series. 
SECTION F.3 – DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE NOTES .............................................. 163 
This section provides information in respect of certain product features and/or characteristics which 
may have an effect on the return on the Notes. 
SECTION F.4 – FORM OF THE NOTES ............................................................................................. 178 
This section describes the form of the Notes (which form may be global registered form, definitive 
registered form or uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form). 
SECTION F.5 – BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS ................................................................ 182 
This section sets out information relating to the clearing system(s) through which a Series of Notes may 
be cleared. 
SECTION F.6 – ERISA MATTERS ...................................................................................................... 189 
This section sets out information relating to a restriction on Notes being acquired or held by certain 
United States pension and employee benefit plans and certain other plans such as individual retirement 
accounts and Keogh plans. 
SECTION F.7 – SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS190 
This section sets out an overview of certain restrictions around who can purchase the Notes in certain 
jurisdictions. 
SECTION F.8 – TAXATION OF NOTES ............................................................................................. 217 
This section sets out an overview of certain taxation considerations relating to Notes. 
SECTION G – TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ........................................................... 247 
SECTION G.1 – GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ........................................................... 248 
The General Conditions of the Notes sets out the general terms and conditions relating to the Notes. 
These are generic provisions that apply to all Notes. 
The General Conditions of the Notes sets out the economic or ‘payout’ terms of the Notes. These are 
optional provisions and only certain of these terms will apply to the relevant Series of Notes. The 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement will specify which of the provisions apply to that Series 
of Notes 
SUMMARY OF CERTAIN FLOATING RATE OPTIONS FOR THE PURPOSES OF “ISDA 
DETERMINATION” AND APPLICABLE METHODOLOGIES 
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS ................................................................................................. 382

--- Page 23 ---
xxiii 
SECTION G.2 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) .......................... 388 
The Credit Linked Conditions set out the specific terms and conditions that apply to only Credit Linked 
Notes. 
The Credit Linked Conditions set out the economic or ‘payout’ terms of the Credit Linked Notes. These 
are optional provisions and only certain of these terms will apply to the relevant Series of Credit Linked 
Notes. The applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement will specify which of the provisions apply to 
that Series of Credit Linked Notes. 
PART A: INTRODUCTION TO THE CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS ........................................................................................... 389 
ANNEX: WORKED EXAMPLES IN RESPECT OF CREDIT LINKED NOTES ........................ 419 
PART B: CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS ................................................................................... 435 
SECTION G.3 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) .......................... 600 
SECTION G.4 – INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS .................................................................................. 677 
The Index Skew Conditions set out the specific terms and conditions that apply to only Index Skew Notes. 
The Index Skew Conditions set out the economic or ‘payout’ terms of the Index Skew Notes. These are 
optional provisions and only certain of these terms will apply to the relevant Series of Index Skew Notes. 
The applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement will specify which of the provisions apply to that 
Series of Index Skew Notes.  
PART A: INTRODUCTION TO THE INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS 
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS ........................................................................................... 678 
ANNEX: WORKED EXAMPLES IN RESPECT OF INDEX SKEW NOTES .............................. 682 
PART B: INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS ........................................................................................ 687 
SECTION G.5 – PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS .................................................................................. 694 
The Pro Forma Final Terms is a template of the Final Terms document which will be completed with the 
issue specific details of each Tranche of Notes which are not Exempt Notes. When completed, the Final 
Terms should be read in conjunction with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
SECTION G.6 – PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT ................................................................. 836 
The Pro Forma Pricing Supplement is a template of the Pricing Supplement document which will be 
completed with the issue specific details of each Tranche of Notes which are Exempt Notes. When 
completed, the Pricing Supplement should be read in conjunction with the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes. 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS ............................................................................................. 839 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION ............................................................................................... 915 
SECTION H – INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS ...................................................................................... 978 
This section sets out a list of all capitalised terms used in the Base Prospectus which have a particular definition 
ascribed to them and detail the page number where that definition can be found.

--- Page 24 ---
xxiv 
SECTION I – NAMES, ADDRESSES AND ROLES ............................................................................. 991 
This section sets out the names and addresses of entities that may perform certain key roles in relation to Notes 
or otherwise in relation to the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 25 ---
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
xxv 
SECTION A – GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
Under the Programme, each Issuer may from time to time issue Notes, including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
Notes issued under this Base Prospectus denominated or payable in any currency, subject as set out in this Base 
Prospectus. The applicable terms of any Notes will be agreed between the Issuer and, where applicable, the 
relevant Dealer prior to the issue of the Notes and will be set out in the terms and conditions of the Notes which, 
for the purpose of Notes issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, shall mean the “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes” endorsed on, scheduled to, or incorporated by reference into, the Notes, as completed by Part A of the 
applicable Final Terms or as modified and/or supplemented, as applicable, by Part A of the applicable Pricing 
Supplement in each case, as attached to, or endorsed on, such Notes.

--- Page 26 ---
RISK FACTORS 
26 
SECTION B – RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Notes, you assume the risk that the Issuer and, where CGMHI is the Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor or, where CGMFL is the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor may become insolvent or otherwise be 
unable to satisfy their obligations in respect of the Notes. There is a wide range of factors which individually 
or together could result in the Issuer and, where CGMHI is the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or, where CGMFL 
is the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor becoming unable to satisfy their obligations in respect of the Notes. The 
Issuer and, where CGMHI is the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or, where CGMFL is the Issuer, the CGMFL 
Guarantor may not be aware of all relevant factors and certain factors which they currently deem not to be 
material may become material as a result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer’s and, where CGMHI 
is the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor’s or, where CGMFL is the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor’s control. The 
Issuer and, where CGMHI is the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or, where CGMFL is the Issuer, the CGMFL 
Guarantor have identified in this Base Prospectus a number of factors which could materially adversely affect 
their businesses and ability to make payments due under, or to deliver assets on or in connection with, the Notes.  
Each of the risks highlighted below could adversely affect the trading price of the Notes and, as a result, you 
could lose some or all of your investment.  
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under this Base Prospectus are also described below. 
You must read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus including any documents 
incorporated by reference in it and reach your own views prior to making any investment decision. 
RISKS RELATING TO CGMHI, THE CGMHI GUARANTOR, CGMFL AND THE CGMFL 
GUARANTOR  
Set out below are certain risk factors which could have a material adverse effect on the business, operations, 
financial condition or prospects of one or more of CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL and/or the CGMFL 
Guarantor and cause one or more of CGMHI’s, the CGMHI Guarantor’s, CGMFL’s and/or the CGMFL 
Guarantor’s future results to be materially different from expected results. CGMHI’s, the CGMHI Guarantor’s, 
CGMFL’s and/or the CGMFL Guarantor’s results could also be affected by competition and other factors. The 
factors discussed below should not be regarded as a complete and comprehensive statement of all potential risks 
and uncertainties CGMHI’s, the CGMHI Guarantor’s, CGMFL’s and the CGMFL Guarantor’s, businesses face. 
Each of CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL and the CGMFL Guarantor has described only those risks 
relating to its operations that it considers to be material. There may be additional risks that CGMHI, the CGMHI 
Guarantor, CGMFL and/or the CGMFL Guarantor currently considers not to be material or of which it is not 
currently aware, and any of these risks could have the effects set forth above. You should note that you bear the 
Issuer’s, the CGMHI Guarantor’s (where the Issuer is CGMHI) and the CGMFL Guarantor’s (where the Issuer 
is CGMFL) solvency risk. 
The ability of each of CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes issued by CGMHI or CGMFL, as the case may be, is dependent on the 
earnings of Citigroup Inc.’s subsidiaries 
CGMHI is a holding company that does not engage in any material amount of business activities that generate 
revenues. CGMHI services its obligations primarily with dividends and advances from its subsidiaries. Its 
subsidiaries that operate in the securities businesses can only pay dividends if they are in compliance with 
applicable regulatory requirements imposed on them by federal and state regulatory authorities. Its respective 
subsidiaries may also be subject to credit agreements that may also restrict their ability to pay dividends. If such

--- Page 27 ---
RISK FACTORS 
27 
subsidiaries do not realise sufficient earnings to satisfy applicable regulatory requirements, or if such 
requirements are changed to further restrict the ability of such subsidiaries to pay dividends to CGMHI, 
CGMHI’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued by it may be adversely affected, and 
consequently, the value of, and return on, such Notes may also be adversely affected.  
In addition, the CGMHI Guarantor in respect of Notes issued by CGMHI is a holding company that does not 
engage in any material amount of business activities that generate revenues. It services its obligations primarily 
with dividends and advances from its subsidiaries. The ability of such subsidiaries to pay dividends or advances 
are dependent on a number of factors. For example, certain of the CGMHI Guarantor’s subsidiaries have co-
branding and private label credit card relationships with various retailers and merchants through Group-branded 
cards and retail services credit card businesses. The five largest of these relationships constituted an aggregate 
of approximately 10 per cent. of the revenues of Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries (together the “Group”) for 
2020. These relationships could be negatively impacted by, among other things, the general economic 
environment, declining sales and revenues or other operational difficulties of the retailer or merchant, 
termination due to a breach by a Group entity or by the retailer or merchant, or other factors, including 
bankruptcies, liquidations, restructurings, consolidations and other similar events that would restrict the ability 
of the subsidiaries of the CGMHI Guarantor to pay dividends. 
Moreover, the CGMHI Guarantor’s subsidiaries that operate in the banking, insurance and securities businesses 
can only pay dividends if they are in compliance with applicable regulatory requirements imposed on them by 
federal and state regulatory authorities. Respective subsidiaries may also be subject to credit agreements that 
may also restrict their ability to pay dividends. If such subsidiaries do not realise sufficient earnings to satisfy 
applicable regulatory requirements, or if such requirements are changed to further restrict the ability of such 
subsidiaries to pay dividends to the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMHI Guarantor’s ability to fulfil its obligations 
under the Notes issued by CGMHI and/or the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee may be adversely affected, and 
consequently the value of, and return on, the Notes issued by CGMHI (which have the benefit of a guarantee 
of the CGMHI Guarantor) may also be adversely affected. 
The subsidiaries of CGMHI and the CGMHI Guarantor are also exposed to concentrations of risk, particularly 
credit and market risk, as they routinely execute a high volume of securities, trading, derivative and foreign 
exchange transactions with non-U.S. sovereigns and with counterparties in the financial services industry. As 
regulatory or market developments continue to lead to increased centralisation of trading activities, these 
subsidiaries could also experience an increase in concentration of risk to these industries. These concentrations 
of risk could limit the effectiveness of any hedging strategies and cause the subsidiaries to incur significant 
losses, impacting their ability to pay dividends. 
Further, such dividends and/or advances, whether to CGMHI or the CGMHI Guarantor (or both), may be 
affected by macroeconomic, geopolitical and other challenges, uncertainties and volatilities and the presence of 
certain subsidiaries in emerging markets. For example, numerous uncertainties have arisen in relation to the 
potential impact of the UK’s exit from the European Union and the U.S. federal government’s indication that it 
may pursue protectionist trade and other policies. These and other global macroeconomic and geopolitical 
challenges have negatively impacted, and could continue to negatively impact, the businesses of CGMHI and/or 
CGMHI Guarantor’s subsidiaries. The presence of certain subsidiaries in emerging markets subjects them to a 
number of risks, including sovereign volatility, foreign exchange controls and sanctions, and also increases their 
compliance and regulatory risks and costs. As a result, the dividends and/or advances subsidiaries are able to 
pay may be impacted which could have a negative effect on the ability of CGMHI or the CGMHI Guarantor to 
fulfil its obligations under the Notes, and consequently the value of, and return on, such Notes may also be 
adversely affected.

--- Page 28 ---
RISK FACTORS 
28 
The ability of CGMFL to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued by it is dependent on CGML 
performing its counterparty obligations owed to CGMFL 
CGMFL is subject to intra-group credit risk. From time to time, CGMFL enters into derivative transactions with 
CGML to offset or hedge its liabilities to noteholders under notes issued by it (which may include the Notes). 
As such, CGMFL is exposed to the credit risk of CGML in the form of counterparty risk in respect of such 
derivative transactions. In particular, CGMFL’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes is primarily 
dependent on CGML performing its counterparty obligations owed to CGMFL in respect of such derivative 
transactions in a timely manner, and any failure by CGML to do so will negatively affect the ability of CGMFL 
to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. Noteholders will not have any recourse to CGML under any such 
derivative transactions. 
The military action by Russia in Ukraine, and related sanctions, export controls and similar actions or laws 
could adversely affect the Group’s business activities and customers  
The recent action of Russian military forces and support personnel in Ukraine has escalated tensions between 
Russia and the U.S., NATO, the European Union and the UK. The U.S. has imposed, and is likely to impose 
material additional, financial and economic sanctions and export controls against certain Russian organisations 
and/or individuals, with similar actions implemented and/or planned by the European Union, the UK and other 
jurisdictions. The packages of financials and economic sanctions imposed by the U.S., the UK, and the 
European Union, in various ways, constrain transactions with numerous Russian entities and individuals; 
transactions in Russian sovereign debt; and investment, trade, and financing to, from, or in certain regions of 
Ukraine. The Group’s ability to engage in activity with certain consumer and institutional businesses in Russia 
and Ukraine or involving certain Russian or Ukrainian businesses and customers is dependent in part upon 
whether such engagement is restricted under any current or expected U.S., European Union, UK or other 
countries’ sanctions and laws, or is otherwise discontinued in light of these developments. Sanctions and export 
controls, as well as any actions by Russia, could adversely affect the Group’s business activities and customers 
in and from Russia and Ukraine. Moreover, actions by Russia, and any further measures taken by the U.S. or 
its allies, could have negative impacts on regional and global financial markets and economic conditions, 
including without limitation global energy markets. The extent of the impact on the Group will continue to 
depend significantly on future developments, which are uncertain and cannot be predicted.  
Any negative impact of Russia’s actions in Ukraine, and related sanctions, export controls and similar actions 
or laws on the Group, including the relevant Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, could 
adversely affect the ability of the relevant Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes, and the value of and return on the Notes may also be adversely affected. 
Rapidly evolving challenges and uncertainties related to the COVID-19 pandemic in the U.S. and globally 
will likely continue to have negative impacts on the Group’s businesses and results of operations and 
financial condition 
The COVID-19 pandemic has affected all of the countries and jurisdictions in which the Group operates, 
including severely impacting global health, financial markets, consumer and business spending and economic 
conditions. The extent of the future pandemic impacts remain uncertain and will likely evolve by region, country 
or state, largely depending on the duration and severity of the public health consequences, including the duration 
and further spread of the coronavirus as well as any variants becoming more prevalent and impactful; further 
production, distribution, acceptance and effectiveness of vaccines; availability and efficiency of testing; the 
public response; and government actions. The future impacts to global economic conditions may include, 
among others: 
 
further disruption of global supply chains;

--- Page 29 ---
RISK FACTORS 
29 
 
higher inflation; 
 
higher interest rates; 
 
significant disruption and volatility in financial markets; 
 
additional closures, reduced activity and failures of many businesses, leading to loss of revenues and net 
losses; 
 
further institution of social distancing and restrictions on businesses and the movement of the public in 
and among the U.S. and other countries; and 
 
reduced U.S. and global economic output. 
The pandemic has had, and may continue to have, negative impacts on the Group’s businesses and overall 
results of operations and financial condition, which could be material. The extent of the impact on the Group’s 
operations and financial performance, including its ability to execute its business strategies and initiatives, will 
continue to depend significantly on future developments in the U.S. and globally. Such developments are 
uncertain and cannot be predicted, including the course of the coronavirus, as well as any weakness or slowing 
in the economic recovery or a further economic downturn, whether due to further supply chain disruptions, 
inflation trends, higher interest rates or otherwise.  
The pandemic may not be sufficiently contained for an extended period of time. A prolonged health crisis could 
reduce economic activity in the U.S. and other countries, resulting in additional declines or weakness in 
employment trends and business and consumer confidence. These factors could negatively impact global 
economic activity and markets; cause a continued decline in the demand for the Group’s products and services 
and in its revenues; further increase the Group’s credit and other costs; and may result in impairment of long-
lived assets or goodwill. These factors could also cause an increase in the Group’s balance sheet, risk-weighted 
assets and allowance for credit losses, resulting in a decline in regulatory capital ratios or liquidity measures, 
as well as regulatory demands for higher capital levels and/or limitations or reductions in capital distributions 
(such as common share repurchases and dividends). Moreover, any disruption or failure of the Group’s 
performance of, or its ability to perform, key business functions, as a result of the continued spread of COVID-
19 or otherwise, could adversely affect the Group’s operations. 
The impact of the pandemic on the Group’s consumer and corporate borrowers will vary by sector or industry, 
with some borrowers experiencing greater stress levels, particularly as credit and customer assistance support 
further winds down, which could lead to increased pressure on their results of operations and financial 
condition, increased borrowings or credit ratings downgrades, thus likely leading to higher credit costs for the 
Group. These borrowers include, among others, businesses that are more directly impacted by the institution of 
social distancing, the movement of the public and store closures. In addition, stress levels ultimately 
experienced by the Group’s borrowers may be different from and more intense than assumptions made in prior 
estimates or models used by the Group, resulting in an increase in the Group’s allowance for credit losses or 
net credit losses, particularly as the benefits of fiscal stimulus and government support programs diminish. 
Ongoing legislative and regulatory changes in the U.S. and globally to address the economic impact from the 
pandemic could further affect the Group’s businesses, operations and financial performance. The Group could 
also face challenges, including legal and reputational, and scrutiny in its efforts to provide relief measures. Such 
efforts have resulted in, and may continue to result in, litigation, including class actions, and regulatory and 
government actions and proceedings. Such actions may result in judgments, settlements, penalties and fines 
adverse to the Group. In addition, the different types of government actions could vary in scale and duration 
across jurisdictions and regions with varying degrees of effectiveness.

--- Page 30 ---
RISK FACTORS 
30 
The Group has taken measures to maintain the health and safety of its colleagues; however, these measures 
could result in additional expenses, and illness of employees could negatively affect staffing for a period of 
time. In addition, the Group’s ability to recruit, hire and onboard colleagues in key areas could be negatively 
impacted by pandemic restrictions as well as the Group’s COVID-19 vaccination requirement. 
Further, it is unclear how the macroeconomic or business environment or societal norms may be impacted after 
the pandemic. The post-pandemic environment may undergo unexpected developments or changes in financial 
markets, fiscal, monetary, tax and regulatory environments and consumer customer and corporate client 
behaviour. These developments and changes could have an adverse impact on the Group’s results of operations 
and financial condition. Ongoing business and regulatory uncertainties and changes may make the Group’s 
longer-term business, balance sheet and strategic and budget planning more difficult or costly. The Group and 
its management and businesses may also experience increased or different competitive and other challenges in 
this environment. To the extent that it is not able to adapt or compete effectively, the Group could experience 
loss of business and its results of operations and financial condition could suffer. 
Any negative impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Group, including the relevant Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, could adversely affect the ability of the relevant Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor to fulfil its obligations under the Notes, and consequently the value of and 
return on such Notes may also be adversely affected. 
No Events of Default in respect of the CGMHI Guarantor with regard to insolvency or bankruptcy of 
the CGMHI Guarantor 
You should note that there are no Events of Default in respect of the CGMHI Guarantor with regard to the 
insolvency or bankruptcy of the CGMHI Guarantor (or any similar event), any other default of the CGMHI 
Guarantor or the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee not being (or being claimed not to be) in full force and effect.  
Therefore, even though the CGMHI Guarantor may be declared bankrupt or enters into insolvency proceedings 
or disclaims the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee, notwithstanding that you are a holder of Notes issued by CGMHI, 
you will not be able to trigger an Event of Default under the Notes and thus will not be able to cause the Notes 
to be immediately due and payable, and the Notes will not redeem until maturity (unless there has been an Event 
of Default due to non-payment of interest, principal or termination amounts or bankruptcy or other default of 
CGMHI in the meantime). It is possible that you may receive a lower return at maturity than if you were able 
to accelerate the Notes for immediate repayment in such circumstances. 
Under U.S. banking law, Citigroup Inc. may be required to apply its available funds to support the 
financial position of its banking subsidiaries, rather than to fulfil its obligations under the Notes 
Under longstanding policy of The Board of Governors of the U.S. Federal Reserve System, as a bank holding 
company (such as Citigroup Inc.) is expected to act as a source of financial strength for its subsidiary banks and 
to commit resources to support such banks. As a result of that policy, Citigroup Inc. may be required to commit 
resources (in the form of investments or loans) to its subsidiary banks in amounts or at times that could adversely 
affect its ability to also fulfil its obligations under the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee, and consequently the value 
of, and return on, the Notes issued by CGMHI (which have the benefit of a guarantee of the CGMHI Guarantor) 
may also be adversely affected. 
The inclusion of contractual stay provisions in the terms and conditions of the Notes could materially 
adversely affect the rights of Noteholders in a resolution scenario 
In the autumn of 2017, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the FDIC and the Office of the 
Comptroller of the Currency issued rules (“QFC Stay Rules”) designed to improve the resolvability and 
resilience of U.S. global systemically important banking organisations (“G-SIBs”) and the U.S. operations of 
foreign G-SIBs, by mitigating the risk of destabilising closeouts of qualified financial contracts (“QFCs”) in

--- Page 31 ---
RISK FACTORS 
31 
resolution. Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries, including CGMHI, CGMFL and the CGMFL Guarantor, are 
“covered entities” subject to the QFC Stay Rules. Certain of the Notes (such Notes, “Covered Instruments”), 
the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee – to the extent those guarantees relate to 
Covered Instruments – may qualify as QFCs. 
The QFC Stay Rules seek to eliminate impediments to the orderly resolution of a G-SIB both in a scenario 
where resolution proceedings are instituted by the U.S. regulatory authorities under the Federal Deposit 
Insurance Act or the Orderly Liquidation Authority under Title II of the Dodd Frank Act (“OLA”) (together, 
the “U.S. Special Resolution Regimes”) as well as in a scenario where the G-SIB is resolved under ordinary 
insolvency proceedings. To achieve this, the QFC Stay Rules require covered entities (such as Citigroup Inc., 
CGMHI, CGMFL and the CGMFL Guarantor) to ensure that their QFCs subject to the QFC Stay Rules 
(including any Notes which are Covered Instruments) (i) contain an express contractual recognition of the 
statutory stay-and-transfer provisions of the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes and (ii) do not contain cross-
default rights against the covered entity based on an affiliate becoming subject to any type of insolvency 
proceeding or restrictions on the transfer of any related credit enhancements (including a guarantee) issued by 
an affiliate of the covered entity following the affiliate’s entry into insolvency proceedings. 
To address these requirements, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain an express contractual recognition 
that, in the event any of the relevant Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor becomes subject 
to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of the Notes which are Covered 
Instruments, and (in relation to Covered Instruments), the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and the CGMFL Deed 
of Guarantee (and the transfer of any interest and obligation in or under such Covered Instruments, the CGMHI 
Deed of Guarantee or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee) from the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL 
Guarantor, as applicable, will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under such U.S. 
Special Resolution Regime.  
In addition, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain an express contractual recognition that, in the event 
any of the relevant Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor and any of their affiliates becomes 
subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, default rights against the Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor with respect to the Covered Instruments, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee 
or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than they could be exercised 
under such U.S. Special Resolution Regime. For these purposes, “default rights” include the right to terminate, 
liquidate or accelerate a QFC or demand payment or delivery thereunder. See General Condition 19 
(Acknowledgement of the United States Special Resolution Regimes). 
Each of Citigroup Inc., as a U.S. entity incorporated in Delaware, and CGMHI, as a U.S. entity incorporated in 
the State of New York, could be placed into proceedings under OLA if certain determinations are made by the 
applicable U.S. regulatory authorities. However, under the law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
although CGMFL and the CGMFL Guarantor are each “covered entities” for the purposes of the QFC Stay 
Rules and are required to include the above-described acknowledgements in relevant QFCs, neither CGMFL 
nor the CGMFL Guarantor, as non-U.S. entities, are eligible to be placed into proceedings under the U.S. Special 
Resolution Regimes. 
The exercise of any power under the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes could materially adversely affect the 
rights of the holders of Notes issued by CGMHI (e.g. in respect of the right to demand payment), and 
accordingly, the price or value of their investment in any such Notes and/or the ability of such Issuer to satisfy 
its obligations under such Notes. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, interpretation of the application of the relevant requirements and 
market practice is continuing to evolve. If you are in any doubt about the categorisation of any Notes as

--- Page 32 ---
RISK FACTORS 
32 
QFCs and the effect of any proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime on such Notes, you should 
take advice from such professional advisers as you may deem necessary. 
Ability to Substitute the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes explicitly provide that nothing in General Condition 15 (Substitution of 
the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor) shall limit the ability of the CGMHI Guarantor 
or the CGMFL Guarantor to be substituted upon or following the relevant entity becoming subject to a 
resolution, restructuring, or reorganisation or similar proceeding. This means any such substitution of the 
CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor does not have to comply with the substitution criteria set out in 
General Condition 15 (Substitution of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor). Any such 
substitution could adversely affect the rights of Noteholders, the price and/or value of their investment in the 
Notes and/or performance under the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee, as the case 
may be.  
A reduction of the Issuer’s and/or, where the Issuer is CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor’s and/or, where 
the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor’s ratings may reduce the market value and liquidity of 
the relevant Notes 
The value of the Notes is expected to be affected, in part, by investors’ general appraisal of the Issuer’s, the 
CGMHI Guarantor’s, the CGMFL Guarantor’s and/or their affiliates’ creditworthiness. Such perceptions are 
generally influenced by the ratings accorded to the outstanding securities of the relevant Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor and/or any of their affiliates by standard statistical rating services, such as 
Moody’s, S&P and Fitch. A reduction in the rating, if any, accorded to outstanding debt securities (if any) of 
the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor and/or the securities issued by any of their affiliates 
by one of these rating agencies could result in a reduction in the trading value of the Notes. 
Each rating agency may reduce, suspend or withdraw any credit ratings of an Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor 
and/or the CGMFL Guarantor at any time in the future if, in its judgement, circumstances warrant a change. No 
rating agency is obligated to maintain its ratings at their current levels. The rating agencies continuously 
evaluate Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries, and their ratings of Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries’ long-term 
and short-term debt are based on a number of factors, including financial strength, as well as factors not entirely 
within the control of Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries, such as conditions affecting the financial services 
industry generally. If a rating agency reduces, suspends or withdraws its rating of an Issuer and/or, where the 
Issuer is CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor and/or, where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor, and/or 
any affiliate thereof, the liquidity and market value of the Notes and, where applicable, the CGMHI Guarantor’s 
or CGMFL Guarantor’s ability to fulfil its guarantor obligations are likely to be adversely affected.  
In addition, ratings downgrades by Fitch, Moody’s or S&P could have a significant and immediate impact on 
Citigroup Inc.’s funding and liquidity through cash obligations, reduced funding capacity and derivative triggers 
and additional margin requirements. Ratings downgrades could also have a negative impact on other funding 
sources, such as secured financing and other margin requirements, for which there are no explicit triggers. Some 
entities may also have ratings limitations as to their permissible counterparties, of which Citigroup Inc. may or 
may not be aware. A reduction in Citigroup Inc.’s or its subsidiaries’ credit ratings could also widen Citigroup 
Inc.’s credit spreads or otherwise increase its borrowing costs and limit its access to the capital markets. Any of 
the foregoing factors may negatively impact the value of, and return on, the Notes. 
For information on the credit ratings of the Issuers, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor, please 
refer to the sub-section entitled “Credit Ratings” in “Important Notices” at page x above.

--- Page 33 ---
RISK FACTORS 
33 
Citigroup Inc. may not be able to maintain adequate liquidity or funding which may result in a negative 
impact on (in the case of Notes issued by CGMHI) its ability to fulfil its guarantor obligations 
As a global financial institution, adequate liquidity and sources of funding are essential to Citigroup Inc.’s 
businesses. Citigroup Inc.’s liquidity and sources of funding can be significantly and negatively impacted by 
factors it cannot control, such as general disruptions in the financial markets, governmental fiscal and monetary 
policies, regulatory changes or negative investor perceptions of Citigroup Inc.’s creditworthiness. 
In addition, Citigroup Inc.’s costs to obtain and access secured funding and long-term unsecured funding are 
directly related to its credit spreads. Changes in credit spreads are driven by both external market factors and 
factors specific to Citigroup Inc., and can be highly volatile. 
Moreover, Citigroup Inc.’s ability to obtain funding may be impaired if other market participants are seeking to 
access the markets at the same time, or if market appetite declines, as is likely to occur in a liquidity stress event 
or other market crisis. A sudden drop in market liquidity could also cause a temporary or lengthier dislocation 
of underwriting and capital markets activity. In addition, clearing organisations, central banks, clients and 
financial institutions with which Citigroup Inc. interacts may exercise the right to require additional collateral 
based on their perceptions or the market conditions, which could further impair Citigroup Inc.’s access to and 
cost of funding.  
These factors may negatively impact Citigroup Inc.’s ability to (in the case of Notes issued by CGMHI) fulfil 
its guarantor obligations. 
Actions taken under the Banking Act in relation to the CGMFL Guarantor could materially adversely 
affect the value of and return on Notes issued by CGMFL 
Under the Banking Act 2009 (the “Banking Act”), substantial powers are granted to HM Treasury, the Bank of 
England, the Financial Conduct Authority (the “FCA”) and the Prudential Regulation Authority (together, 
the “Authorities”) as part of a special resolution regime (the “SRR”). These powers may be exercised in respect 
of certain UK entities (each a “relevant entity”), including UK investment firms such as the CGMFL Guarantor.  
The SRR consists of five stabilisation options and two special insolvency procedures (bank administration and 
bank insolvency). The stabilisation options provide for: (i) private sector transfer of all or part of the business 
of the relevant entity, (ii) transfer of all or part of the business of the relevant entity to a bridge bank wholly 
owned by the Bank of England, (iii) transfer of all or part of the business of the relevant entity to an asset 
management vehicle owned and controlled by the Bank of England, (iv) writing down certain claims of 
unsecured creditors of the relevant entity and/or converting certain unsecured debt claims to equity (the “bail-
in option”), which equity could also be subject to any future cancellation, transfer or dilution and (v) temporary 
public ownership (nationalisation) of all or part of the relevant entity or its UK holding company. In each case, 
the Authorities have wide powers, for example to modify contractual arrangements or disapply or modify laws 
with possible retroactive effect.  
The relevant stabilisation options may be exercised if (a) the relevant Authority is satisfied that a relevant entity 
is failing or likely to fail, (b) following consultation with the other Authorities, the relevant Authority determines 
that it is not reasonably likely that (ignoring the stabilising options) action will be taken that will result in the 
condition referred to in (a) ceasing to be met and (c) the Authorities consider the exercise of the stabilisation 
options to be necessary, having regard to certain public interest considerations. The stabilisation options could 
be exercised prior to insolvency, and payments to Noteholders may be delayed or less than expected. 
By way of example, exercise of the stabilisation options could involve (among other things) modifying or 
disapplying the terms of the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee without Noteholders’ consent. This could adversely 
affect their rights, the price or value of their investment and the ability of the CGMFL Guarantor to satisfy its 
obligations.

--- Page 34 ---
RISK FACTORS 
34 
In addition, if the CGMFL Guarantor were subject to a partial transfer of its business to another entity, the 
quality of the assets and the quantum of the liabilities not transferred (which may include the CGMFL Deed of 
Guarantee) would negatively affect its creditworthiness. As a result, the CGMFL Guarantor may be unable to 
meet its obligations in respect of the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee or subject to administration proceedings.  
In certain circumstances, while Noteholders may have a claim for compensation under the Banking Act, they 
may not recover compensation promptly or equal to losses incurred. 
Action taken under the BRRD in relation to CGMFL could materially adversely affect the value of, and 
return on, Notes issued by CGMFL  
Directive 2014/59/EU providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution 
of credit institutions and certain investment firms (the “BRRD”), as amended by Directive (EU) 2019/879 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 (the “BRRD II”) as regards to the loss-absorbing 
and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms was implemented by the Luxembourg 
act dated 18 December 2015 on the recovery, resolution and liquidation of credit institutions and certain 
investment firms, as recently amended by the laws of 20 May 2021, of 21 July 2021, of 8 December 2021 and 
of 20 July 2022 (the “BRR Act 2015”). Under the BRR Act 2015, the competent authority is the Commission 
de surveillance du secteur financier (the “CSSF”) and the resolution authority is the CSSF acting as resolution 
council (Conseil de résolution) (the “Resolution Council”). 
The BRR Act 2015 contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used where the Resolution Council 
considers that (i) an institution is failing or likely to fail, (ii) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative 
private sector measures would prevent the failure of such institution within a reasonable timeframe and (iii) a 
resolution action is in the public interest. 
The BRR Act 2015 provides for the power to impose a suspension of activities, including a partial or complete 
suspension of the performance of agreements entered into by a Luxembourg incorporated in-scope entity (such 
as CGMFL). The BRR Act 2015 also grants the power to the Resolution Council to take a number of other 
resolution measures including (a) a forced sale of all or part of the shares, other instruments of ownership, or 
assets, rights or liabilities of a Luxembourg incorporated in-scope entity, (b) the establishment of an entity 
wholly or partially in public control (a bridge institution), which may limit the capacity of a Luxembourg 
incorporated in-scope entity to meet its repayment obligations, (c) the forced transfer of all or part of the assets, 
rights or obligations of a Luxembourg incorporated in-scope entity and (d) the application of the general bail-
in tool to write down certain claims of unsecured creditors (including to zero) and to convert certain unsecured 
debt claims to equity or other instruments of ownership, which equity or other instruments could also be subject 
to any future cancellation, transfer or dilution.  
If Notes issued by CGMFL (“CGMFL Notes”) are subject to the bail-in tool, holders of such CGMFL Notes 
may lose some or all of their investment. The terms of the obligations under the CGMFL Notes may also be 
varied by the Resolution Council (e.g. suspension of payments). In addition, the BRRD II and other related 
pieces of EU legislation introduce a new pre-resolution moratorium tool and new powers to suspend 
performance of agreements (including payment or delivery obligations) by the relevant institution (such as 
CGMFL).  
The exercise of the above powers could materially adversely affect the rights of the holders of CGMFL Notes, 
the price or value of their investment in any such CGMFL Note and/or the ability of CGMFL to satisfy its 
obligations under any such CGMFL Note.  
In certain circumstances, while Noteholders may have a claim for compensation under the BRR Act 2015, they 
may not recover compensation promptly or equal to losses incurred.

--- Page 35 ---
RISK FACTORS 
35 
Risks relating to the exercise of any bail-in power by the relevant resolution authority in respect of 
CGMFL Notes and Noteholder agreement to be bound thereby 
The Terms and Conditions provide that each holder of CGMFL Notes (including each holder of a beneficial 
interest in such CGMFL Notes) acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees, notwithstanding any other term of 
the CGMFL Notes or any other agreements, arrangements, or understandings between CGMFL and such 
Noteholder, by its acquisition of such CGMFL Notes (i) to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the bail-in 
power by the relevant resolution authority if the latter were to consider that the amounts due under the CGMFL 
Notes would fall within the scope of the bail-in power, which bail-in power may include and result in any of 
the following, or a combination thereof (a) the reduction of all, or a portion, of the amounts due under the 
CGMFL Notes, (b) the conversion of all, or a portion, of the amounts due under the CGMFL Notes into shares, 
other securities or other obligations of CGMFL or another person, including by means of an amendment, 
modification or variation of the terms and conditions of the CGMFL Notes, in which case the Noteholder agrees 
to accept, in lieu of any rights under the CGMFL Notes, any such shares, other securities or other obligations 
of CGMFL or another person, (c) the cancellation of the CGMFL Notes, (d) the amendment or alteration of the 
maturity of the CGMFL Notes or amendment of the amount of interest payable on the CGMFL Notes, or the 
date on which the interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period, and (ii) 
if applicable, that the Terms and Conditions of the CGMFL Notes are subject to, and may be varied, if necessary, 
to give effect to, the exercise of the bail-in power by the relevant resolution authority. 
Accordingly, any bail-in power may be exercised in such a manner as to result in Noteholders of the CGMFL 
Notes losing all or a part of the value of their investment in the CGMFL Notes or receiving a different security 
from the CGMFL Notes, which may be worth significantly less than the CGMFL Notes and which may have 
significantly fewer protections than those typically afforded to debt securities (and holders of those securities 
may be subject to liabilities to which they would not be subject as the holder of debt securities). Moreover, the 
relevant resolution authority may exercise its authority to implement the bail-in power without providing any 
advance notice to Noteholders of the CGMFL Notes. 
Anti-tax avoidance directives 
Directive 2016/1164/EU, the so-called anti-tax avoidance directive (“ATAD”), was adopted on 12 July 2016 to 
implement in the EU Member States’ domestic legal frameworks common measures to tackle tax avoidance 
practices. ATAD lays down (i) controlled foreign company rules, (ii) anti-hybrid mismatches within the EU 
context rules, (iii) general interest limitation rules, (iv) a general anti-abuse rule and (v) exit taxation rules. 
Following the adoption of ATAD, the EU Member States decided to go further as regards hybrid-mismatches 
with third countries, and adopted the Directive 2017/952/EU (“ATAD 2”) amending the ATAD provisions with 
respect to anti-hybrid mismatches, on 29 May 2017. ATAD must be implemented by the EU Member States as 
of 1 January 2019, and ATAD 2 as of 1 January 2020. Luxembourg adopted (a) the Law of 21 December 2018 
implementing ATAD with effect as of 1 January 2019 and (b) the Law of 20 December 2019 implementing 
ATAD 2 with effect as of 1 January 2020 (except for the reverse hybrid mismatch rules, which are applicable 
since 1 January 2022). Following a formal review process with local tax administration, CGMFL does not 
expect that these rules will either increase the taxable base of the Notes issued by CGMFL, or reduce amounts 
available for distribution to Noteholders.  
RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES GENERALLY 
An investment in Notes involves risks (as further described in the paragraphs below) and should only be made 
after assessing the direction, timing and magnitude of potential future market changes (e.g. in the value of the 
inflation indices, interest rates or other items which comprise or relate to the Reference Item(s)), as well as the 
terms and conditions of the Notes. More than one risk factor may have simultaneous effects with regard to the

--- Page 36 ---
RISK FACTORS 
36 
Notes such that the effect of a particular risk factor may not be predictable. In addition, more than one risk 
factor may have a compounding effect, which may not be predictable. 
Potential loss of some or all of the investment 
Other than any Notes having a scheduled minimum redemption value, Notes purchased may be worthless on 
redemption. In addition, the Notes will only redeem at an amount equivalent to at least the issue price if the 
applicable Issue Terms provide that the Redemption Amount at maturity is an amount equivalent to at least such 
amount. If the Notes provide that the Redemption Amount may be less than the issue price, such Notes may be 
redeemed at an amount less than such price. If the Notes are redeemed at less than the issue price or the Notes 
are cancelled or repaid early in accordance with their terms, the amount received by you, as a holder of such 
Notes, may be less than your initial investment.  
Furthermore, the Notes may be traded in the secondary market or redeemed early, and if so, the price for which 
a Note may be sold or redeemed early may be less than the principal amount of such Note and/or your initial 
investment in such Notes. 
For Notes which are linked to Reference Item(s), in order to recover and realise a return upon your investment, 
you must generally be correct about the direction, timing and magnitude of an anticipated change in the value 
of the relevant Reference Item(s). Assuming all other factors are held constant, the more a Note is “out-of-the-
money” and the shorter its remaining term to maturity, the greater the risk that you will lose all or part of your 
investment. The only means through which you can realise value from a Notes prior to the maturity date in 
relation to such Note is to sell it at its then market price in an available secondary market (if any). Fluctuations 
in the value or the yield (if applicable) or the relevant rates of exchange (if applicable) of the relevant Reference 
Item(s) will affect the value of the relevant Notes.  
Notes are unsecured obligations and subject to the credit risk of the Issuer and/or Guarantor 
All Notes will be unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and all Notes issued by it will rank 
equally among themselves and with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. The 
obligations of the CGMHI Guarantor under the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee will be unsecured and 
unsubordinated and will rank pari passu with all other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
of the CGMHI Guarantor. The obligations of the CGMFL Guarantor under the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee will 
be unsecured and unsubordinated and will rank pari passu with all other outstanding unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the CGMFL Guarantor. See General Condition 4 (Status). 
The Issuer’s obligations under the Notes issued by it, the CGMHI Guarantor’s obligations under the CGMHI 
Deed of Guarantee and the CGMFL Guarantor’s obligations under the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee represent 
general contractual obligations of each respective entity and of no other person. Only Notes issued by CGMHI 
will be guaranteed by the CGMHI Guarantor. Only Notes issued by CGMFL will be guaranteed by the CGMFL 
Guarantor.  
Accordingly, all payments under the Notes are subject to the credit risk of the Issuer and (where the Issuer is 
CGMHI) the CGMHI Guarantor or (where the Issuer is CGMFL) the CGMFL Guarantor. Noteholders will not 
have recourse to any secured assets of the Issuer and, where the Issuer is CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor or, 
where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor in the event that the Issuer or the relevant Guarantor is 
unable to meet its obligations under the Notes, including e.g. in the event of an insolvency, and therefore risk 
losing some or all of their investment. 
A sale of Notes prior to their scheduled redemption may result in a loss to the investor 
The value of Notes prior to their scheduled redemption varies as the price or level of the Reference Item(s) 
varies, as well as due to a number of other interrelated factors, including (i) the trading price of the relevant 
Notes, (ii) the value and volatility of the Reference Item(s), (iii) the remaining tenor, (iv) in the case of cash

--- Page 37 ---
RISK FACTORS 
37 
settled Notes, the probable range of any Redemption Amounts, (v) any change(s) in interim interest rates and 
dividend yields if applicable, (vi) any change(s) in currency exchange rates, (vii) the depth of the market or 
liquidity of the Reference Item(s) and (viii) any related transaction costs. Depending on the above factors (e.g. 
if movements in the price or level of the Reference Item(s) reduce the probable range of any Redemption 
Amounts), a sale of Notes prior to their scheduled redemption may be at a substantial discount from the original 
purchase price and you may lose some or all of your investment. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market value of any Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium to their principal amount or issue or 
offer price tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for more 
conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such Notes, the greater the 
price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. Such 
price volatility could lead to a greater loss than otherwise on any sale of the Notes prior to their scheduled 
redemption or an inability to sell the Notes in the secondary markets. 
Impact of fees, commissions and/or inducements on the Issue Price 
The Issue Price may include fees and/or other commissions and inducements (e.g. placement fees, distribution 
fees, structuring fees). Any such fees and/or other commissions and inducements will not be taken into account 
for the purposes of determining the price of such Notes in the secondary market and will result in a difference 
between the Issue Price of the Notes and the bid/offer price quoted by any intermediary in the secondary market. 
Any such difference will result in a decrease in the value of an issue of Notes and consequently a loss to the 
investor, particularly in relation to any such Notes sold immediately following the Issue Date. 
The secondary market 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop, so investors should be 
prepared to hold their Notes until maturity. If a market does develop, it may not be very liquid and may be 
sensitive to changes in financial markets and you may not be able to find a timely and/or suitable purchaser. If 
it is possible to sell Notes, they would be sold for the prevailing bid price in the market and may be subject to 
a transaction fee. The prevailing bid price may be affected by several factors including the performance of any 
relevant Reference Item, prevailing interest rates at the time of sale, the time remaining to the stated maturity 
date, the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or, where the Issuer is CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor and/or, where 
the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor and factors affecting the capital markets generally. The 
introduction of additional or competing products in the market may also have an adverse impact on the price of 
any Notes.  
Consequently, you may not be able to sell your Notes easily or at all or at prices that will provide you with a 
yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market or at prices equal to or higher 
than your initial investment and in fact any such price may be substantially less than the original purchase price. 
Therefore, in establishing your investment strategy, you should ensure that the term of the Notes is in line with 
your future liquidity requirements. This is particularly the case should the relevant Issuer be in financial distress, 
which may result in any sale of the Notes having to be at a substantial discount to their principal amount or 
issue price, or for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for 
specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of 
limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market 
and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the 
market value of Notes. The liquidity of Notes is also influenced by the type of investor to whom such Notes are 
sold. To the extent that an issue of Notes is or becomes illiquid, you may have to hold the relevant Notes until 
maturity before you are able to realise value.

--- Page 38 ---
RISK FACTORS 
38 
The Issuer may, but is not obliged to, list an issue of Notes on a stock exchange or regulated market. If Notes 
are not listed or traded on any stock exchange or regulated market, pricing information for the relevant Notes 
may be more difficult to obtain and the liquidity of such Notes may be adversely affected. 
If Notes are not listed or traded on a stock exchange or regulated market, they may be traded on trading systems 
governed by the laws and regulations in force from time to time (e.g. multilateral trading systems or “MTFs”) 
or in other trading systems (e.g. bilateral systems or equivalent trading systems). In the event that trading in 
such Notes takes place outside any such stock exchange, regulated market or trading systems, the manner in 
which the price of such Notes is determined may be less transparent and the liquidity of such Notes may be 
adversely affected. You should note that none of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and any Dealer grants 
any warranty to Noteholders as to the methodologies used to determine the price of Notes which are traded 
outside a trading system. However, where the Issuer or any of its affiliates determines the price of such Notes, 
it will take into account the market parameters applicable at such time in accordance with applicable provisions 
of law. Even if Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading, this will not necessarily result in greater liquidity. 
Each of the Issuer, the Guarantor and any Dealer may, but is not obliged to, at any time purchase Notes at any 
price in the open market or by tender or private agreement. Any Notes so purchased may be held or resold or 
surrendered for cancellation. If such Notes are surrendered for cancellation, then the number of Notes 
outstanding will decrease, which will reduce liquidity for the outstanding Notes. Any such activities may have 
an adverse effect on the price of the relevant Notes in the secondary market and/or the existence of a secondary 
market. 
Any of the Issuers, the Guarantors or any Dealer or affiliate of any such entity, as, where applicable, part of its 
activities as a broker and dealer in fixed income and equity securities and related products or otherwise, may 
make a secondary market in relation to any Notes and may provide an indicative bid price on a daily basis. Any 
indicative prices so provided shall be determined by the relevant party in its sole discretion taking into account 
prevailing market conditions and shall not be a representation by such party that any Notes can be purchased or 
sold at such prices (or at all) and any of the parties specified above may suspend or terminate making a market 
and providing indicative prices without notice, at any time and for any reason. In these circumstances, there 
may be no market for the relevant Notes and you should not assume that such a market will exist. Accordingly, 
you must be prepared to hold the Notes until the maturity date, and may not be able to sell them prior to such 
date or, if you can, you may only be able to do so at a loss. 
Risks related to the implementation of regulatory reform 
Implementation of U.S. federal financial reform legislation may affect the value of Reference Item(s) and the 
ability to hedge the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes. This may in turn affect the market value, trading price, 
volatility of, and return on, the Notes. This is because the amounts received and/or value of assets deliverable 
under the Notes will depend on (among other things) the performance of any such Reference Item(s) and the 
Notes may be subject to early redemption as a result of events related to hedging arrangements. In addition, 
amounts and/or assets due under the Notes may be reduced to reflect costs related to hedging arrangements. 
For example, the Dodd-Frank Act would, upon full implementation, impose limits on the maximum position 
that could be held by a single dealer in certain of the Reference Item(s) and may subject certain transactions to 
new forms of regulation that could create barriers to some types of hedging activity by the Issuer and/or any 
Hedging Party or any of their respective affiliates. Other provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act could require certain 
Reference Item(s) or hedging transactions to be cleared, traded on a regulated exchange and reported to 
regulators, central data repositories and, in some cases, the public, which may also affect their value, viability 
and cost. The Dodd-Frank Act also expands entity registration requirements and imposes business conduct 
requirements on persons active in the swaps market (which may include new capital and margin requirements),

--- Page 39 ---
RISK FACTORS 
39 
which may affect the value of relevant Reference Item(s) or value and/or cost of hedging transactions. Such 
regulation may consequently affect the market value, trading price and viability and return on the Notes. 
Changes in exchange rates and exchange controls could result in a loss of the value of the Notes and 
payments in respect of the Notes in relation to the currency of your jurisdiction  
An investment in Notes denominated in a Settlement Currency and/or payable in a currency other than the 
currency of your jurisdiction (“your currency”) entails significant risks that are not associated with a similar 
investment in a security denominated in your currency. These risks include, but are not limited to: 
 
the possibility of significant market changes in rates of exchange between your currency and the 
Settlement Currency and/or payment currency; 
 
the possibility of significant changes in rates of exchange between your currency and the Settlement 
Currency and/or payment currency resulting from the official redenomination or revaluation of the 
Settlement Currency and/or payment currency; and 
 
the possibility of the imposition or modification of foreign exchange controls by either your jurisdiction 
or foreign governments. 
These risks generally depend on factors over which none of the Issuer and the Guarantor (if applicable) has any 
control and which cannot be readily foreseen, such as economic and political events and the supply of, and 
demand for, the relevant currencies. 
In recent years, rates of exchange between some foreign currencies in which the Notes may be denominated 
and/or payable have been volatile. This volatility may be expected in the future. Fluctuations that have occurred 
in any particular exchange rate in the past are not necessarily indicative, however, of fluctuation that may occur 
in the rate during the term of any Note. Depreciation of the Settlement Currency and/or payment currency of a 
Note against your currency would result in a decrease in the effective yield of such Note below its coupon rate 
(if applicable) and could result in a substantial loss to you in terms of your currency. 
Governments and monetary authorities have imposed from time to time, and may in the future impose, exchange 
controls that could affect applicable exchange rates as well as the availability of a Settlement Currency and/or 
payment currency at the time of payment of any amounts on any Note. There can be no assurance that exchange 
controls will not restrict or prohibit payments under the Notes which are denominated in any such Settlement 
Currency and/or payment currency. 
Even if there are no actual exchange controls, it is possible that a Settlement Currency and/or payment currency 
would not be available to the Issuer and/or, where the Issuer is CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor and/or, where 
the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor when payments on a Note are due because of circumstances 
beyond the control of the Issuer and/or the CGMHI Guarantor and/or the CGMFL Guarantor. Any such 
restriction, prohibition or unavailability of the relevant currency may negatively affect the value of, and return 
on, the Notes, and could result in a substantial loss to you. 
The above risks may be increased if any Settlement Currency and/or payment currency and/or your currency is 
the currency of an emerging market jurisdiction. 
The unavailability of currencies could result in a loss of value of the Notes and payments thereunder 
The currency in which payments on a Note are required to be made may be redenominated, for example, because 
such currency is: 
 
unavailable due to the imposition of exchange controls or other circumstances beyond the Issuer’s 
and/or, where the Issuer is CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor’s and/or, where the Issuer is CGMFL, the 
CGMFL Guarantor’s control;

--- Page 40 ---
RISK FACTORS 
40 
 
no longer used by the government of the country issuing the currency; or 
 
no longer used for the settlement of transactions by public institutions of the international banking 
community. 
Where the currency in which payments in respect of a Note is officially redenominated, other than as a result 
of any action by the Economic and Monetary Union, such as by an official redenomination of any such currency 
that is a composite currency, then the payment obligations of the Issuer and/or, where the Issuer is CGMHI, the 
CGMHI Guarantor and/or, where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor on such Note immediately 
following the redenomination will be the amount of redenominated currency that represents the amount of the 
Issuer’s and/or, where the Issuer is CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor’s and/or, where the Issuer is CGMFL, the 
CGMFL Guarantor’s obligations immediately before the redenomination. The Notes will not provide for any 
adjustment to any amount payable as a result of: 
 
any change in the value of the Settlement Currency and/or payment currency of those Notes relative to 
any other currency due solely to fluctuations in exchange rates; or 
 
any redenomination of any component currency of any composite currency, unless that composite 
currency is itself officially redenominated. 
Accordingly, a currency redenomination may result in a material adverse loss of the value of, and return on, the 
Notes. 
Meetings of Noteholders and modifications 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider 
matters which may have a general or specific effect upon your interests. Matters decided at such meetings may 
have a material adverse effect on the value of, and return on, the Notes, and further, the vote of a defined 
majority may be binding on all Noteholders, including those Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the 
relevant meeting, and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes also provide that the Issuer and, where the Issuer is CGMHI, the CGMHI 
Guarantor or, where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor may make, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, any modification to the Notes, the Fiscal Agency Agreement, the relevant Swedish Notes Issuing 
and Paying Agency Agreement, the Finnish Notes Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, the relevant Deed of 
Covenant, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and/or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee which, in the opinion of the 
Issuer, which (i) is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders or (ii) is of a formal, minor or 
technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or proven error or to comply with mandatory provisions 
of the law. In determining what is “materially prejudicial”, the Issuer shall not consider the individual 
circumstances of any Noteholder or the tax or other consequences of such modification in any jurisdiction. Any 
such amendment to the Notes could have a material adverse effect on the value of, and return on, the Notes or, 
without limitation, a Noteholder’s tax, regulatory or accounting treatment of such Notes. 
See further General Condition 10 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modifications, Determinations and Rounding).  
Determinations and potential conflicts of interest 
The terms of the Notes confer on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and certain other persons some discretion in 
making judgements, determinations and calculations in relation to the Notes including, among other things, 
Reference Item(s) and the occurrence of various events. The Issuer, the Calculation Agent or such other persons 
will act in good faith and in its sole and absolute discretion or in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms), but there can be no assurance that the exercise of any such 
discretion will not affect the value of the Notes or result in the occurrence of an early repayment at an amount 
less than an investor’s initial investment.

--- Page 41 ---
RISK FACTORS 
41 
Where the Calculation Agent is an affiliate of the Issuer, potential conflicts of interest may exist between the 
Calculation Agent and Noteholders, including with respect to such judgements, determinations and calculations 
that the Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Notes that may influence the amount receivable or 
specified assets deliverable in respect of the Notes. 
Any of CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor and/or their respective affiliates 
and/or any third parties or entities which are not subject to regulation under the laws of the United States, 
England and Wales or the laws governing the Member States of the EEA may be the sponsor of a Reference 
Item and may publish values or prices or other projections of creditworthiness in respect of a Reference Item. 
Any of CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor and/or any of their respective 
affiliates may also from time to time engage in transactions involving Reference Item(s) for their proprietary 
accounts or for other accounts under their management, subject to requirements of all applicable laws and 
regulations. Any of CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor and/or their respective 
affiliates may also issue other derivative instruments in respect of any Reference Item(s). Any of CGMHI, the 
CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor, and/or their respective affiliates may also act as 
underwriter or counterparty in connection with future offerings of shares or other securities or obligations 
related to an issue of Notes or may act as financial adviser to certain companies or companies whose securities 
are Reference Item(s) in respect of one or more issues of Notes or in a commercial banking capacity for such 
companies. These activities may have an adverse impact on the value of the relevant Reference Item(s) and 
consequently upon the value of the Notes. 
Any of CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor, any Dealer and/or any of their 
respective affiliates may at the date of this Base Prospectus or at any time hereafter be in possession of 
information in relation to a Reference Item that is or may be material and may or may not be publicly available 
to Noteholders. There is no obligation on any of CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL 
Guarantor, or any Dealer to disclose to any potential investors in Notes or to Noteholders any such information. 
Any of CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor, any Dealer and/or any of their 
respective affiliates may have existing or future business relationships with the issuer of, or other entity 
associated with, any Reference Item(s) (including, but not limited to, lending, depositary, risk management, 
advisory and banking relationships), and will pursue actions and take steps that they or it deems necessary or 
appropriate to protect their and/or its interests arising therefrom without regard to the consequences for you, 
which could have a material adverse impact on the value of, and return on, the Notes.  
Substitution of CGMFL and/or the CGMFL Guarantor 
In relation to Notes issued by CGMFL where “Substitution provisions” are applicable, CGMFL or the CGMFL 
Guarantor may, at any time, without the consent of the holders, but subject to certain conditions, substitute for 
itself another company. 
Depending on whether “Additional Requirements” are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms, amongst other conditions, the substitute company, on the date of such substitution, must either (i) be, in 
the opinion of CGMFL or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, of at least equivalent standing and 
creditworthiness to it or (ii) demonstrate a long term credit rating from at least one internationally recognised 
credit rating agency active in the international capital markets (including but not limited to the relevant entity 
from the following rating groups: S&P, Moody’s and Fitch) which is at least as high as CGMFL or the CGMFL 
Guarantor (as the case may be) being substituted. 
Any such substitution could have a material adverse impact on the rights of Noteholders, the value of and return 
on the Notes issued by CGMFL and/or performance under the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee.

--- Page 42 ---
RISK FACTORS 
42 
See further General Condition 15 (Substitution of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL 
Guarantor). 
Realisation Disruption Event 
If Realisation Disruption Event is applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and a Realisation Disruption Event 
occurs (being, in summary, either (i) an event which imposes restrictions or taxes, charges or deductions in 
respect of the Notes and/or on hedging arrangements in respect of the Notes which would materially restrict, or 
materially increase the cost of, the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes or materially restrict, or materially 
increase the cost of, any Hedging Party’s obligations under any such hedging arrangements or (ii) the occurrence 
or existence of any event which either materially restricts the exchange, delivery or transfer of the currency of 
payment of the Notes or of any hedging arrangements in respect of the Notes or restricts the determination of 
any exchange rate in relation to any such currency), then either (a) the terms and conditions of the Notes 
(including any payment or delivery obligations) may be adjusted in order to reflect the economic effect of the 
particular Realisation Disruption Event or (b) the Issuer may early redeem the Notes.  
Any such adjustments by the Calculation Agent may include (but are not limited to) (A) payments under the 
Notes being made in a different currency to the previously specified payment currency of the Notes, (B) 
deduction of applicable taxes, charges or deductions from payments due in respect of the Notes resulting in 
reduced amounts paid in respect of the Notes or delivery of any entitlement being subject to payment by the 
relevant Noteholder of an amount equal to a pro rata portion of any such tax, charge or deduction, (C) delay of 
payments or deliveries in respect of the Notes until the relevant restrictions are lifted, (D) determination of 
relevant exchange rates by the Calculation Agent taking into consideration all available information that it 
deems relevant, which may result in a different rate to that which would have applied had the Realisation 
Disruption Event not occurred, and (E) (where legally permissible) in lieu of paying any cash amounts in respect 
of the Notes, procuring the physical delivery of any Reference Item(s) (or vice versa). Any of the above 
adjustments could produce a materially different redemption to that originally anticipated in respect of the Notes 
and could have a material adverse impact on the value of, and return on, the Notes. 
If the Notes are redeemed early pursuant to (b) of the first paragraph above, the Issuer will pay to you, as a 
holder of such Notes, an amount calculated in accordance with the method specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The amount repaid to you could be substantially less than your 
initial investment, or even zero, and you would therefore sustain a loss. 
See further General Condition 6(b)(vii) (Realisation Disruption Event). 
Obligor Regulatory Event 
If Obligor Regulatory Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and an Obligor Regulatory 
Event occurs (being, in summary, a change in law after the Trade Date which results in the Issuer and/or the 
Guarantor (i) becoming subject to less favourable capital adequacy treatment, (ii) suffering any increased costs 
in connection with the Notes, including any costs associated with hedging the Notes or costs in maintaining any 
applicable capital reserves in respect of the Notes or (iii) being materially restricted from performing any of its 
obligations under the Notes), an Early Redemption Event will occur in which case the relevant Notes may be 
redeemed as more fully set out in the terms and conditions of such Notes. 
If the Notes are so redeemed early, the Issuer will pay to you, as a holder of such Notes, an amount calculated 
in accordance with the method specified in the applicable Issue Terms, or such other amount as is specified in 
General Conditions and in the applicable Issue Terms, as reduced by any relevant hedging costs. The amount 
repaid to you could be substantially less than your initial investment, or even zero, and you would therefore 
sustain a loss.

--- Page 43 ---
RISK FACTORS 
43 
Occurrence of an Underlying RMB Currency Event 
An Underlying RMB Currency Event refers to the occurrence of an Underlying RMB Inconvertibility, 
Underlying RMB Non-Transferability or Underlying RMB Illiquidity (each, as defined in the General 
Conditions or the Credit Linked Conditions, as applicable). If Underlying RMB Currency Event is applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms and if such event occurs, the Calculation Agent may direct the Issuer to exercise 
its option to (i) postpone any payment in RMB due under the Notes to a later date (being 10 Business Days 
following the date on which such Underlying RMB Currency Event ceases to exist) or (ii) replace the Issuer’s 
obligation to pay in RMB by an obligation to pay such amount in the RMB Relevant Currency converted using 
the RMB Spot Rate for the relevant RMB Determination Date. Alternatively, the Issuer may early redeem each 
Note at its Early Redemption Amount. 
In case of (i) or (ii), investors may receive a late payment or depending on the conversion rate that is applied, a 
payment less than the anticipated amount(s) due in respect of the Notes. If the Notes are early redeemed pursuant 
to (ii), the Issuer will pay to you, as a holder of such Notes, an amount calculated in accordance with the method 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, as determined by the Calculation Agent. The amount repaid to you 
could be substantially less than your initial investment and you would therefore sustain a loss. 
See further General Condition 6(b)(viii) (Occurrence of an Underlying RMB Currency Event). 
Illegality in relation to Notes 
If “Early Redemption following the occurrence of an Illegality” is applicable in the applicable Issue Terms and 
the Issuer determines that the performance of its obligations under the Notes or, where the Issuer is CGMHI, 
the CGMHI Guarantor determines that the performance of its obligations under the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee 
in respect of such Notes or, where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor determines that the performance 
of its obligations under the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee in respect of such Notes has become illegal in whole or 
in part for any reason, the Issuer may redeem the Notes early and, if and to the extent permitted by applicable 
law, will pay to you, as a holder of such Notes (i) in respect of Notes linked to a Reference Item, an amount 
calculated in respect of such Notes, notwithstanding such illegality, in accordance with the method specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms and (ii) in respect of Notes other than Notes linked to a Reference Item, an amount 
calculated pursuant to the relevant Condition or as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. The amount repaid 
to you could be substantially less than your initial investment, or even zero, and you would therefore sustain a 
loss. 
Section 871(m) Event 
In circumstances that constitute a Section 871(m) Event (being the occurrence at any time of circumstances in 
which the Issuer, and/or, where the Issuer is CGMHI or CGMFL, the relevant Guarantor and/or any Hedging 
Party is (or, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, there is a reasonable likelihood that, within the next 
30 Business Days, the Issuer and/or, where the Issuer is CGMHI or CGMFL, the relevant Guarantor and/or any 
Hedging Party will become) subject to any withholding or reporting obligations pursuant to Section 871(m) 
with respect to the relevant Notes and/or the Guarantee and/or save where the relevant Issue Terms specify that 
“Section 871(m) Event (Hedging Positions)” is not applicable, any underlying Hedging Positions), if applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms, an Early Redemption Event will occur, in which case, the relevant Notes may be 
early redeemed as more fully set out in the terms and conditions of such Notes. 
If the Notes are so redeemed early, the Issuer will pay to you, as a holder of such Notes, an amount calculated 
in accordance with the method specified in the applicable Issue Terms, or such other amount as is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms. The amount repaid to you could be substantially less than your initial investment, 
or even zero, and you would therefore sustain a loss.

--- Page 44 ---
RISK FACTORS 
44 
The United States tax treatment of certain Notes is unclear 
For U.S. federal tax purposes, the proper treatment and characterisation of certain Notes (generally, Notes that 
do not provide for the return at maturity of a holder’s investment and Credit Linked Notes) are unclear. As a 
result, the timing and character of income on such a Note are uncertain, and for a non-U.S. investor there is a 
risk that payments on such a Note may be subject to withholding tax.  
Non-U.S. investors in Notes issued by CGMHI should be aware that persons having withholding responsibility 
in respect of those Notes may withhold on any periodic payment paid to a non-U.S. investor, generally at a rate 
of 30 per cent. To the extent that CGMHI (or any of its affiliates) has withholding responsibility in respect of 
such Notes that are not treated as debt obligations for U.S. federal tax purposes, it intends to so withhold. If 
withholding tax applies to a payment on such a Note, the Issuer will not be required to pay additional amounts 
in respect of amounts withheld, and you may therefore receive a substantially reduced return on the Notes as 
compared to the return you would receive in the absence of such withholding. 
The U.S. Treasury Department and the Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) have requested comments on 
various issues regarding the U.S. federal income tax treatment of “prepaid forward contracts” and similar 
financial instruments and have indicated that such transactions may be the subject of future regulations or other 
guidance. In addition, members of Congress have proposed legislative changes to the tax treatment of derivative 
contracts. Any legislation, Treasury regulations or other guidance promulgated after consideration of these 
issues could materially and adversely affect the tax consequences of an investment in the Notes, possibly with 
retroactive effect. 
Possible Taxable Event for U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes 
Certain modifications to the terms of the Notes could be treated as “significant modifications” of the Notes for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes, in which case the Notes would be treated, in whole or part, as retired and 
reissued. Significant modifications could include (but not limited to) a designation by the Issuer of a Substitute 
for itself and certain modifications to the Reference Item with respect to a Note. 
The U.S. federal tax treatment of a Note after a significant modification could differ from its treatment prior to 
the significant modification. A changed treatment of the Notes could have possible withholding tax 
consequences to Non-U.S. Holders (as defined below under “Section F.8—Taxation of Notes” in this Base 
Prospectus). Prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisors regarding the risk of such an event. 
RISKS RELATING TO NOTES LINKED TO REFERENCE ITEM(S) 
General risks relating to Notes linked to Reference Item(s) 
An investment in Notes linked to Reference Item(s) has significant risks that are not associated with a similar 
investment in a conventional security (e.g. a debt instrument that has a pre-determined specified principal 
amount, is denominated in your currency and bears interest at either a fixed or a floating rate based on nationally 
published interest rate references), as amounts due or assets deliverable in respect of such Notes are linked to 
the performance of the relevant Reference Item(s).  
The risks associated with a particular Note linked to Reference Item(s) will depend on factors over which none 
of the Issuers, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor has any control and which cannot readily be 
foreseen, and the return on Notes linked to Reference Item(s) may attract certain of the same risks as an actual 
investment in the relevant Reference Item(s). These risks include economic and political events and the supply 
of, and demand for, any relevant Reference Item(s). 
Each of these risks may have an impact on the level, price, rate or other applicable value of a Reference Item, 
which may go down as well as up throughout the term of the Notes, and such fluctuations may affect the value 
of, and return on, the Notes.

--- Page 45 ---
RISK FACTORS 
45 
Furthermore, in recent years, prices for various Reference Item(s) have been highly volatile. Such volatility 
may be expected in the future. Fluctuations in the rates, levels or prices that have occurred in the past are not 
necessarily indicative, however, of fluctuations that may occur during the term of any Notes linked to Reference 
Item(s). 
In addition, the value of any relevant Reference Item(s) may be determined or published by any Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor and/or the CGMFL Guarantor or an affiliate of any such entity or determined or published 
by third parties or entities which are not subject to regulation under the laws of the United States, the EEA or 
England and Wales.  
The risk of loss as a result of linking principal, interest and/or termination payments to Reference Item(s) can 
be substantial and the payment of principal, interest and/or termination amounts may be contingent on the 
occurrence of certain events in respect of Reference Item(s) which may not occur.  
No rights of ownership in Reference Item(s) 
The Notes do not create an actual interest in, or ownership of, the relevant Reference Item(s). A Note will not 
represent a claim against any Reference Item and, in the event that the amount paid on redemption of the Notes 
is less than the nominal amount of the Notes, you, as a Noteholder, will not have recourse under any relevant 
Notes to any inflation indices, interest rates or other items which may comprise the relevant Reference Item(s) 
in respect of such Notes. The exposure to the relevant Reference Item(s) is notional and an investment in the 
Notes is not an investment in the relevant Reference Item(s). Although the performance of the relevant 
Reference Item(s) will have an effect on the Notes, the relevant Reference Item(s) and the Notes are separate 
obligations of different legal entities. You will have no legal or beneficial interest in the relevant Reference 
Item(s). Accordingly, you may receive a lower return on the Notes than you would have received had you 
invested directly in the Reference Item(s) or through another product. 
Risks associated with Inflation Linked Notes 
The risks of a particular Inflation Linked Note will depend on the terms of that Note. Many economic and 
market factors may influence an Inflation Index and consequently the value of Notes relating to inflation 
indices, including general economic, financial, political or regulatory conditions and/or events; and/or 
fluctuations in the prices of various assets, goods, services and energy resources (including in response to supply 
of, and demand for, any of them); and/or the level of inflation in the economy of the relevant country and 
expectations of inflation. In particular, the level of an Inflation Index may be affected by factors unconnected 
with the financial markets. Any such factor may either offset or magnify one or more of the other factors. 
The performance of an Inflation Index will affect the amounts payable in respect of Inflation Linked Notes and 
may result in investors receiving less than their original investment and/or no return on their investment, or in 
certain circumstances zero. 
The rate of interest (if any) payable in respect of Inflation Linked Notes will vary for each interest payment due 
and may be less than that which would be payable on a conventional fixed rate, non-callable debt security of 
the Issuer of comparable maturity. 
Adjustment Events and Early Redemption Events in relation to Inflation Linked Notes 
If an underlying closing level for an Inflation Index for a specified reference month has not been published or 
announced by five business days prior to the relevant payment date, then the Calculation Agent shall determine 
a substitute index level. Any such substitution may have an adverse effect on the value of such Notes. 
Certain events or occurrences described below will only be relevant if the associated Adjustment Events and 
Early Redemption Events are specified as being applicable for an Inflation Index in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 46 ---
RISK FACTORS 
46 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Event occurs in respect of any Inflation Index (being, 
in each case if applicable, (i) the occurrence at any time of a change in law affecting any underlying hedging 
position in relation to the Notes or materially increasing the Issuer’s costs in relation to performing its 
obligations in respect of the Notes or a Hedging Disruption or an Increased Cost of Hedging or (ii) the 
imposition of increased or unexpected fees and costs for the use of such index on the Issuer and/or any of its 
affiliates by the relevant index sponsor which the Calculation Agent deems material), then the Calculation Agent 
shall make such adjustment(s) to the terms of the Notes as the Calculation Agent determines necessary to 
account for the effect of such Adjustment Event including, in the case of an Increased Cost of Hedging, 
adjustments to pass on to Noteholders any such Increased Cost of Hedging (including, but not limited to, 
reducing any amounts payable or deliverable in respect of the Notes to reflect any such increased costs). Any 
such adjustments may have an adverse effect on the value of such Notes and, if the Calculation Agent determines 
that no adjustment can reasonably so be made, such Adjustment Event shall be an Early Redemption Event. 
If “Revision” is specified as applicable for an Inflation Index in the applicable Issue Terms, then any revision 
to an underlying closing level of an Inflation Index occurring before the relevant revision cut-off date shall be 
considered final and conclusive for the purpose of any determination made in respect of the Notes. If “No 
Revision” is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms (or if “Revision” is not specified as applicable) 
then the first publication and announcement of an underlying closing level for such Inflation Index shall be 
final and conclusive. Further, if the Calculation Agent determines that the index sponsor of an Inflation Index 
has corrected an underlying closing level for such index to correct a manifest error no later than the earlier to 
occur of the relevant manifest error cut-off date and thirty calendar days following the first publication and 
announcement of such level, then the Calculation Agent may use the corrected level of such Inflation Index for 
the purposes of any calculation in respect of the relevant payment date. In the event of inconsistency between 
a revision and a manifest error correction, the manifest error correction shall prevail. Any such adjustment (or 
absence of an adjustment, for the purpose of the Notes) to any level of an Inflation Index may have an adverse 
effect on the value of the Notes. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that either (a) a level for an Inflation Index has not been published or 
announced for two consecutive months and/or (b) the relevant index sponsor announces that it will no longer 
continue to publish or announce such Inflation Index and/or (c) the relevant index sponsor cancels such Inflation 
Index then the Calculation Agent may replace the originally designated Inflation Index with a successor index. 
Any such adjustment may have an adverse effect on the value of the Notes and, if no successor index can be 
determined, then an Early Redemption Event shall occur with respect to the Notes. 
If an index sponsor announces, in respect of an Inflation Index, that it will make a material change to a relevant 
Inflation Index then the Calculation Agent shall make such consequential adjustments to the terms of the Notes 
as are consistent with any adjustment made to any relevant fallback bond or as are necessary for such modified 
Inflation Index to continue as an Inflation Index for the purpose of the Notes. Any such adjustments may have 
an adverse effect on the value of such Notes and, if the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment can 
reasonably so be made, then an Early Redemption Event shall occur with respect to the Notes. 
If an Early Redemption Event occurs (being, in each case if applicable, (A) circumstances in which the 
Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment can reasonably be made following an Adjustment Event, (B) 
no successor index can be determined or no adjustment can reasonably be made following a material change to 
a relevant Inflation Index, (C) a Section 871(m) Event or (D) a Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event 
(if specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms)), the Notes may be redeemed as more fully set out in 
the terms and conditions of the relevant Notes. If the Notes are redeemed early, the Issuer will pay to each 
Noteholder an amount calculated in accordance with the method specified in applicable Issue Terms, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. The amount repaid to you could be substantially less than your initial 
investment and you could therefore sustain a loss.

--- Page 47 ---
RISK FACTORS 
47 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES LINKED TO RATES, BENCHMARK REFORM AND 
THE DISCONTINUANCE AND REPLACEMENT OF “IBORS” 
Risks associated with Notes linked to Rates 
The market value of the Notes may, at any time, be affected by certain factors relating to Rates which may 
include, but are not limited to, the possibility of significant changes in the level of the Rate, macro economic, 
political or financial factors, speculation and central bank and government intervention. 
In recent years, Rates have been relatively low and stable, but this may not continue and interest rates may rise 
and/or become volatile. Fluctuations that have occurred in any Rate in the past are not necessarily indicative, 
however, of fluctuation that may occur in the Rate during the term of any Note. Accordingly, before purchasing 
Notes, you should carefully consider, among other matters, the value and price volatility of the relevant Rates, 
as this may have a material adverse effect on the value of, and return on, the Notes. 
Depending on the terms of the Notes, you may receive no amount(s) or assets because of the performance of 
the relevant Rates and you may lose a substantial portion of your investment. In addition, you should ensure 
that you review the terms of the Notes in question as these may provide for amounts due or assets deliverable 
to be determined by reference to an option or formulae linked to the relevant Rate rather than being a 
conventional debt security referencing a Rate, such as one which bears interest at a specified floating rate of 
interest. Accordingly, you may receive a lower return on Notes linked to one or more Rates than you would 
have received if you had invested in another product referencing a Rate. 
See General Condition 5(i) (General Provisions relating to all Notes linked to a Rate) for the specific terms and 
conditions in respect of Notes linked to Rates.  
Rate Disrupted Day, Adjustment Events and Early Redemption Events in relation to Notes linked to 
Rates 
As the terms and conditions of Notes relating to Rates include provisions dealing with the consequences of a 
Rate Disrupted Day, including referring to alternative price sources or determination of the relevant Rate by the 
Calculation Agent or by reference to quotes from reference dealers, such alternative provisions for valuation 
provided in the terms and conditions of such Notes may have a material adverse effect on the value of, and 
return on, such Notes. 
Certain events or occurrences described below will only be relevant if the associated Adjustment Events and 
Early Redemption Events are specified as being applicable for Rates in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Adjustment Event occurs in respect of any Rate (being, in each case 
if applicable, the occurrence at any time of a change in law affecting any underlying hedging position in relation 
to the Notes or materially increasing the Issuer’s costs in relation to performing its obligations in respect of the 
Notes or, a Hedging Disruption or, an Increased Cost of Hedging), then the Calculation Agent shall make such 
adjustment(s) to the terms of the Notes as the Calculation Agent determines necessary to account for the effect 
of such Adjustment Event. Any such adjustment may include, in the case of an Increased Cost of Hedging, 
adjustments to pass on to Noteholders any such Increased Cost of Hedging (including, but not limited to, 
reducing any amounts payable or deliverable in respect of the Notes to reflect any such increased costs). Any 
such adjustments may have an adverse effect on the value of such Notes and, if the Calculation Agent determines 
that no adjustment can reasonably so be made, such Adjustment Event shall be an Early Redemption Event. If 
the Notes are redeemed early, the amount repaid to you could be substantially less than your initial investment 
and you could therefore sustain a loss.

--- Page 48 ---
RISK FACTORS 
48 
The unavailability, disruption or discontinuance of any interest rate to which the Notes are linked will 
result in the application of certain fallback provisions 
In relation to any event or circumstance affecting an interest rate, the fallback provisions described in General 
Condition 6(b)(vi)(A) (Hierarchy Provisions and Adjustments) will be applied in the order set out therein, in 
each case where applicable for the relevant interest rate and the event or circumstance. If the first applicable 
option shown does not apply to the relevant interest rate and the relevant event or circumstance then the next 
option which does should be applied. It is possible that, following the application of such fallback provisions, 
the relevant rate could be determined on a different day than originally intended and/or may be determined by 
the Determination Agent in its discretion. There is a risk that the determination of the relevant interest rate in 
accordance with any of these fallback provisions may result in lower amounts payable to you under the Notes 
and a reduction in their market value. 
Any adjustments to the Conditions (including the determination of any spread or factor howsoever defined) 
which the Determination Agent determines are necessary or appropriate pursuant to the provisions of the USD 
LIBOR Fallback Provisions, the Reference Rate Event Provisions and the Administrator/Benchmark Event 
provisions shall be made to the extent reasonably practicable, but also taking into account prevailing industry 
standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market) and may include, where 
applicable and without limitation: 
 
technical, administrative or operational changes that the Determination Agent decides are appropriate; 
 
the application of any adjustment factor or adjustment spread; and 
 
adjustments to reflect any increased costs to the Issuer of providing exposure to the replacement or 
successor rate(s) and/or benchmark(s). 
Such adjustments may also be applied on more than one occasion, may be made as of one or more effective 
dates, may but do not have to involve the selection of a successor or replacement rate which is determined on a 
backwards-looking compounding basis by reference to a “risk-free rate” and which, unless the context 
otherwise requires or it is inappropriate, will be the relevant rate in relation to the then current and all future 
determination days. 
Investors should refer to the “Investment Considerations” section for an overview of how and when such 
fallback provisions apply. 
If a floating rate becomes unavailable it may be determined in the Determination Agent’s discretion  
If the relevant rate is unavailable and the SRD Fallback Provisions apply, subject as provided in General 
Condition 5(c)(ii) (General Screen Rate Determination), the Determination Agent shall determine the relevant 
rate in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having regard to such sources as it deems 
appropriate and any alternative benchmark then available and taking into account prevailing industry standards 
in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market), which determination may be made 
by reference to quotations provided by third party banks. As a result, the return on your Notes may be lower 
than expected and/or the value of your Notes may be adversely affected and the Determination Agent and 
Calculation Agent will have no responsibility to the Issuer or any third party as a result of having acted on any 
such quotations. 
If the relevant rate is unavailable and the USD LIBOR SRD Fallback Provisions apply, subject as provided in 
General Condition 5(c)(iii) (USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination), the relevant rate of interest will be 
determined by reference to quotations provided by third party banks and the Determination Agent and the 
Calculation Agent will have no responsibility to the Issuer or any third party as a result of having acted on any

--- Page 49 ---
RISK FACTORS 
49 
such quotation. Further, if the relevant rate cannot be determined by reference to bank quotations, then the rate 
of interest will be determined by the Determination Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner having regard to such sources as it deems appropriate and any alternative benchmark then available and 
taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the 
derivatives market). As a result, the return on your Notes may be lower than expected and/or the value of your 
Notes may be adversely affected.  
If either “2006 ISDA Definitions” or “2021 ISDA Definitions” are specified in the applicable Issue Terms and 
the “ISDA Determination” provisions apply, subject as provided in General Condition 5(c)(iv) (ISDA 
Determination: 2006 ISDA Definitions) or Condition 5(c)(ix) (ISDA Determination: 2021 ISDA Definitions), 
as applicable, if the relevant rate of interest cannot be determined by reference to the relevant ISDA Definitions 
(including the temporary cessation provisions set out in such ISDA Definitions, which may include reference 
bank quotations), then the rate of interest will be that determined by the Determination Agent in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner having regard to alternative benchmarks then available and taking into 
account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives 
market). As a result, the return on your Notes may be lower than expected and/or the value of your Notes may 
be adversely affected. 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of and return on Notes 
linked to or referencing such “benchmarks” 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation 
Interest rate benchmarks play an important role in financial markets and it is therefore critical that benchmarks 
which are used extensively are robust and are based on active, liquid underlying markets. As a consequence, 
interest rates and indices or other figures which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (including, but not limited to 
the London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) and the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”)), have 
been the subject of recent national and international regulatory scrutiny and reform and certain benchmarks 
such as LIBOR have been questioned as a result of the absence of relevant active underlying markets and 
possible disincentives (including possibly as a result of benchmark reforms) for market participants to continue 
contributing to such benchmarks. Contrary to benchmarks such as LIBOR, ‘risk-free rates’, such as SONIA and 
SOFR, represent deep underlying markets where data inputs can evolve over time to ensure that such 
benchmarks adapt to future changes in money markets and continue to be robust. The reliance of risk-free rates 
on actual transactions as opposed to expert judgement also reduces the conduct risks associated with such 
benchmarks. 
Regulatory authorities and central banks view the overnight risk-free rates as providing the most robust 
benchmark interest rate available and are therefore strongly encouraging the transition away from LIBORs and 
have identified risk-free rates to replace such LIBORs as primary benchmarks. This includes (amongst others): 
(i) 
for sterling LIBOR (“GBP LIBOR”), the Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”); 
(ii) 
for EUR LIBOR, the Euro Short-Term Rate (“EuroSTR”, “ESTR” or “€STR”); and 
(iii) 
for USD LIBOR, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or 
to measure the performance of investment funds (the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”) and the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union Withdrawal Act 2018 
(“EUWA”) (as amended) and regulations made thereunder (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”, and together 
with the EU Benchmarks Regulation, the “Benchmarks Regulations”) are a key element of the ongoing

--- Page 50 ---
RISK FACTORS 
50 
regulatory reform in the EU and the UK and have applied since 1 January 2018 and been subject to subsequent 
amendments.  
In addition to so-called “critical benchmarks” such as LIBOR and EURIBOR, other interest rates, foreign 
exchange rates and certain indices, will in most cases be within scope of both versions of the Benchmarks 
Regulations as “benchmarks” where they are used to determine the amount payable under, or the value of, 
certain financial instruments (including (i) in the case of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, Notes traded on an 
EU regulated market or EU multilateral trading facility (“MTF”) and (ii) in the case of the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation, Notes traded on a UK recognised investment exchange or a UK MTF), and in a number of other 
circumstances.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a 
benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark 
administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or 
otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities (such as CGML) of 
“benchmarks” provided by administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed 
equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
The UK Benchmarks Regulation contains most of the same provisions as the EU Benchmarks Regulation, but 
has narrower geographical scope of application. The UK Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the UK. The onus 
of compliance with the UK Benchmarks Regulation rests on UK benchmark administrators and UK supervised 
entities. 
The ESMA maintains a public register of benchmark administrators and third country benchmarks pursuant to 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation (the “ESMA Register”). Benchmark administrators which were authorised, 
registered or recognised by the FCA prior to 31 December 2020 were removed from the ESMA Register on 1 
January 2021. From 1 January 2021 onwards, the FCA maintains a separate public register of benchmark 
administrators and non-UK benchmarks pursuant to the UK Benchmarks Regulation (the “UK Register”). The 
UK Register retains UK benchmark administrators which were authorised, registered or recognised by the FCA 
prior to 31 December 2020. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any 
Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”. For example: 
 
a rate or index which is a “benchmark” within the meaning of the EU Benchmarks Regulation may not 
be used in certain ways by an EU supervised entity if (subject to applicable transitional provisions) its 
administrator does not obtain authorisation or registration from any EU competent authority (or, if a non-
EU entity, does not satisfy the “equivalence” conditions and is not “recognised” pending an equivalence 
decision and the benchmark is not endorsed). If the benchmark administrator does not obtain or maintain 
(as applicable) such authorisation or registration or, if a non-EU entity, “equivalence” is not available 
and it is not recognised and the benchmark is not endorsed, then the Notes may be redeemed prior to 
maturity; 
 
a rate or index which is a “benchmark” within the meaning of the UK Benchmarks Regulation may not 
be used in certain ways by a UK supervised entity if (subject to applicable transitional provisions) its 
administrator does not obtain authorisation or registration from the FCA (or, if a non-UK entity, does 
not satisfy the “equivalence” conditions and is not “recognised” pending an equivalence decision and 
the benchmark is not endorsed). If the benchmark administrator does not obtain or maintain (as 
applicable) such authorisation or registration or, if a non-UK entity, “equivalence” is not available and

--- Page 51 ---
RISK FACTORS 
51 
it is not recognised and the benchmark is not endorsed, then the Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity; 
and 
 
the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” could be changed in order to comply with the 
requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation or UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, and such 
changes could reduce or increase the rate or level or affect the volatility of the published rate or level, 
and (depending on the terms of the particular Notes) could lead to adjustments to the terms of the Notes 
as the Determination Agent deems necessary or appropriate. 
Any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of “benchmarks”, 
could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a “benchmark” 
and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the following effects on 
certain “benchmarks”: (i) discourage market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to the 
“benchmark”; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the “benchmark” and/or (iii) lead to the 
disappearance of the “benchmark”. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of 
international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on 
the value of and return on any Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark” and the Determination Agent may 
be entitled to make corresponding adjustments to the conditions of the Notes. 
Discontinuance and replacement of Interbank Offered Rates 
Certain base rates, including LIBOR and EURIBOR, are the subject of ongoing national and international 
regulatory scrutiny and reform. Some of these reforms are already effective, while others are still to be 
implemented or formulated as follows: 
(a) 
LIBOR 
LIBOR (published in 7 maturities and 5 currencies) will cease or become non-representative of the 
underlying market and economic reality that such rate is intended to measure immediately after 31 
December 2021, or for certain USD LIBOR settings, immediately after 30 June 2023. Investors should 
refer to the “Investment Considerations” section for more information on the cessation or non-
representativeness of LIBOR.  
The EU has also amended the EU Benchmarks Regulation to include a power for regulators to designate 
one or more replacement benchmarks in certain limited circumstances for critical benchmarks or 
systemically important benchmarks where certain triggers are satisfied, relating to non-
representativeness, cessation or orderly wind-down of the benchmark or where its use by supervised 
entities in the European Union is no longer permitted. This legislation is also primarily intended to assist 
contracts that do not have fallbacks or do not have suitable fallbacks for permanent cessation. 
Implementing regulations designating a statutory replacement rate for certain settings of CHF LIBOR 
and for the benchmark Euro overnight index average (“EONIA”) were published in the Official Journal 
of the European Union on 22 October 2021 and apply from 1 January 2022 and 3 January 2022, 
respectively. 
The New York (“NY”) legislation originally proposed by the Alternative Reference Rates Committee to 
assist the transition of certain financial contracts governed by NY law which reference USD LIBOR 
(among other things) provides that, by operation of law, any contract that has a fallback based on USD 
LIBOR or no fallback will fallback to the recommended benchmark replacement plus spread adjustment. 
A United States federal legislative solution may also be enacted in the future. Absent this, the application 
of the New York legislative solution will however be limited. 
Whilst the above proposed legislative solutions may assist some tough legacy trades, regulators have 
made clear that they are not an alternative to active transition. Parties who rely on potential legislative

--- Page 52 ---
RISK FACTORS 
52 
solutions will not have control over the economic terms of that action. Also there is a risk that such 
legislative solutions may not be effective in time, may not be able to address all issues or be practicable 
in all circumstances and the existence of different solutions in different jurisdictions could also give rise 
to potential conflicts of law in the absence of harmonisation. 
(b) 
EURIBOR 
Unlike LIBOR, EURIBOR is expected to continue to be published by the European Money Markets 
Institute past 2021, using a reformed or hybrid methodology, in compliance with the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation. However, no assurance can be given this will be the case. The euro risk-free rate working 
group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles, and, on 11 May 2021, its 
recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. The guiding principles 
indicate, among other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without 
robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area financial system.  
IBOR transition and risks relating to anticipatory trigger events 
For any Notes where the reference rate or benchmark is LIBOR, the announcements by the FCA and IBA on 5 
March 2021 that all LIBOR settings will cease to be published or will no longer be representative may have 
triggered certain fallback provisions (such trigger being an “anticipatory trigger”). Whilst fallback provisions 
may have been triggered, the effective date and consequences of such fallbacks may not take effect until after 
the date of such announcements. Consequences of such fallbacks may require the Determination Agent or the 
Issuer (or both) to identify a replacement rate or benchmark, calculate a spread to be applied to the replacement 
rate or benchmark, make adjustments and fulfil other related obligations under relevant fallback provisions in 
the Conditions. The Issuer and/or the Determination Agent may make all determinations and/or adjustments in 
respect of the Notes as are provided for in connection with the occurrence of an anticipatory trigger, 
notwithstanding that such anticipatory trigger may have occurred before the Issue Date of the Notes. The 
Determination Agent will give notice to Noteholders prior to making changes to the terms of the Notes but may 
not give notice significantly in advance. Noteholders should ensure that they read the fallback provisions 
applicable to their particular Notes and the related risk factors in light of this possibility. Whilst an anticipatory 
trigger may not result in the immediate replacement of the applicable rate or benchmark with a successor rate 
or benchmark, when changes are made there is a risk that the return on the Notes will be adversely affected 
(including that Noteholders receive a significantly lower amount of interest) or that the Notes may be early 
redeemed. 
Key risks relating to the reform and eventual replacements of IBORs with risk free rates 
The reform and eventual replacement of IBORs with risk-free rates may cause the relevant IBOR to perform 
differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any 
of these developments could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on Notes linked to any 
such rates and in addition, Citigroup’s business, financial condition and results of operations could be impacted 
materially adversely and/or it could be subject to disputes, litigation or other actions with counterparties or 
relative participants.  
The risk-free rates have different calculation methodologies and other important differences from the IBORs 
they will eventually replace (see “Differences in methodologies” below). Market terms for Notes linked to such 
“risk free rates” may evolve over time, and trading prices of such Notes may be lower than those of later-issued 
Notes as a result. Furthermore, if the relevant risk-free rate (such as SONIA or SOFR) fails to gain market 
acceptance or does not prove to be widely used in the capital markets, the trading price of Notes linked to risk 
free rates may be lower than those of Notes linked to rates that are more widely used and as a result, you may 
not be able to sell your Notes at all or may not be able to sell your Notes at prices that will provide you with a

--- Page 53 ---
RISK FACTORS 
53 
yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer 
from increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
To the extent that any Notes reference an IBOR, prospective investors in Notes should understand (i) what 
fallbacks might apply in place of such rate (if any), (ii) when those fallbacks will be triggered and (iii) what 
unilateral amending rights (if any) on the part of the Issuer or Determination Agent apply under the terms of 
such Notes. See the risk factors set out below. 
Differences in methodologies 
Risk-free rates may differ from LIBOR, EURIBOR or other IBORs in a number of material respects, including 
(without limitation) by being backwards-looking in most cases and being calculated on a compounded or 
weighted average basis, whereas such interbank offered rates are generally expressed on the basis of a forward-
looking term and include a risk-element based on interbank lending. As such, you should be aware that LIBOR, 
EURIBOR and other interbank offered rates and any risk-free rates may behave materially differently as interest 
reference rates for the Notes. 
Interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is not determined until the end of the 
relevant interest calculation period. Therefore, you may be unable to reliably estimate in advance the amount 
of interest which will be payable on such Notes. Also, some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such 
Notes without changes to their information technology or other operational systems, which could adversely 
impact the liquidity of such Notes. Further, if such Notes become due and payable following an Event of 
Default, or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Interest Rate 
payable in respect of such Notes shall be determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately 
prior to the date on which the Notes become due and payable or are scheduled for redemption.  
Developing markets for SONIA, SOFR and €STR and potential impact on performance and returns 
The market continues to develop in relation to adoption of SONIA, SOFR and €STR as reference rates in the 
capital markets for sterling, U.S. dollar or euro bonds, respectively, and their adoption as alternatives to the 
relevant interbank offered rates. In addition, market participants and relevant working groups are exploring 
alternative reference rates based on risk-free rates, including term SONIA, SOFR and €STR reference rates 
(which seek to measure the market’s forward expectation of an average SONIA rate, SOFR or €STR over a 
designated term). 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly 
from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference such risk-free rates issued under 
this Base Prospectus. For example, in respect of SONIA, while the Conditions include a compounded daily 
SONIA formula and there have been a number of capital markets issuances to date referencing compounded 
daily SONIA, on 3 August 2020 the Bank of England began publishing the SONIA daily Compounded Index, 
the methodology of which differs from that set out in the Conditions. Term SONIA reference rates (which seek 
to measure the market's forward expectation of an average SONIA rate over a designated term) have been 
published from January 2021 and term SOFR rates have also become available for use. It is possible that market 
participants may seek to apply such compounded rate or term rates for capital markets issuances, although UK 
authorities have made clear their preference for the market to adopt a broad-based transition to SONIA 
compounded in arrears for new transactions, with use of a term SONIA reference rate being more limited than 
current use of LIBOR. 
The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes referencing SONIA, SOFR, €STR or other risk-free rates that 
differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous SONIA, SOFR, €STR or 
other risk-free rate referenced Notes issued by it under this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 54 ---
RISK FACTORS 
54 
The development of new risk-free rates could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility, or could 
otherwise affect the market price of any Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued under this Base Prospectus 
from time to time.  
The new risk free rates may have no established trading market, and an established trading market may never 
develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for Notes indexed to the new risk free rates may evolve over 
time, and may lead to impacts on trading prices and values, and such Notes may not be able to be sold or may 
not be able to be sold at prices that will provide a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
Similarly, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ materially 
compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan 
markets. You should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in the 
bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which you may 
put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing such risk-free rates. 
Interest on Notes linked to USD LIBOR will be calculated using a Benchmark Replacement selected by 
the Determination Agent if a Benchmark Transition Event occurs 
USD LIBOR may be replaced by a successor or substitute interest rate 
If the USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions apply pursuant to General Condition 6(b)(vi)(A) (Hierarchy Provisions 
and Adjustments), and if the Determination Agent determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to USD LIBOR, then a Benchmark Replacement will 
be determined by the Determination Agent and substituted for USD LIBOR for all purposes of the Notes (for 
an overview of how the USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions apply, see the section “Investment Considerations – 
The unavailability, disruption or discontinuance of any interest rate to which the Notes are linked will result in 
the application of certain fallback provisions” below). Such a determination and any related decisions, 
determinations or elections made by the Determination Agent in connection with implementing a Benchmark 
Replacement with respect to the Notes could result in adverse consequences to the relevant rate of interest, 
which could adversely affect the return on, value of and market for the Notes.  
The occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event and the potential reliance on SOFR to determine the 
rate of interest may adversely affect the return on and the market value of the Notes 
Pursuant to the terms of General Condition 6(b)(vi)(C) (USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions), if the Determination 
Agent determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to USD LIBOR, then an alternative rate based on SOFR (if it can be determined and 
assuming no interpolated benchmark is available) will be substituted for USD LIBOR for all purposes of the 
Notes (unless a Benchmark Transition Event also occurs with respect to the Benchmark Replacements that are 
linked to SOFR, in which case the next-available Benchmark Replacement will be used). In the following 
discussion of SOFR, when we refer to SOFR-linked Notes, we mean Notes at any time when the applicable 
Benchmark Replacement is based on SOFR. 
SOFR differs fundamentally from, and may not be a comparable replacement for, USD LIBOR 
The NY Federal Reserve began to publish SOFR in April 2018 and began publishing SOFR Averages (a SOFR 
Index) in March 2020. Term SOFR is provided by CME Group and was formally recommended by the ARRC 
in July 2021 for use in certain areas, in particular, where use of overnight SOFR or SOFR Averages has proven 
difficult. SOFR is intended to be a broad measure of the cost of borrowing cash overnight collateralised by 
Treasury securities. The NY Federal Reserve reports that SOFR includes all trades in the Broad General 
Collateral Rate, plus bilateral Treasury repurchase agreement (“repo”) transactions cleared through the 
delivery-versus-payment service offered by the Fixed Income Clearing Corporation (the “FICC”), a subsidiary

--- Page 55 ---
RISK FACTORS 
55 
of The Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation (“DTCC”). SOFR is filtered by The NY Federal Reserve to 
remove a portion of the foregoing transactions considered to be “specials”. According to The NY Federal 
Reserve, “specials” are repos for specific-issue collateral which take place at cash-lending rates below those for 
general collateral repos because cash providers are willing to accept a lesser return on their cash in order to 
obtain a particular security. The NY Federal Reserve reports that SOFR is calculated as a volume-weighted 
median of transaction-level tri-party repo data collected from The Bank of New York Mellon, which currently 
acts as the clearing bank for the tri-party repo market, as well as General Collateral Finance Repo transaction 
data and data on bilateral Treasury repo transactions cleared through the FICC’s delivery-versus-payment 
service. The NY Federal Reserve notes that it obtains information from DTCC Solutions LLC, an affiliate of 
DTCC. 
SOFR differs fundamentally from LIBOR. For example, SOFR is a secured overnight rate, while USD LIBOR 
is an unsecured rate that represents interbank funding over different maturities. In addition, because SOFR is a 
transaction-based rate, it is backward-looking, whereas USD LIBOR is forward-looking. Because of these and 
other differences, there can be no assurance that SOFR will perform in the same way as USD LIBOR would 
have done at any time, and there is no guarantee that it is a comparable substitute for USD LIBOR. 
Furthermore, the NY Federal Reserve notes on its publication page for SOFR that use of SOFR is subject to 
important limitations, indemnification obligations and disclaimers, including that the NY Federal Reserve may 
alter the methods of calculation, publication schedule, rate revision practices or availability of SOFR at any 
time without notice. There can be no guarantee that SOFR will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in 
a manner that is materially adverse to holders of SOFR linked Notes. If the manner in which SOFR is calculated 
is changed or if SOFR is discontinued, that change or discontinuance may adversely affect the return on and 
value of the relevant Notes. 
No reliance on historical data  
Although the NY Federal Reserve has also begun publishing historical indicative SOFR going back to 2014, 
such pre-publication historical data inherently involves assumptions, estimates and approximations. You should 
not rely on any historical changes or trends in SOFR as an indicator of the future performance of SOFR. Since 
the initial publication of SOFR, daily changes in the rate have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily 
changes in comparable benchmark or market rates. As a result, the return on and value of SOFR linked Notes 
may fluctuate more than floating rate securities that are linked to less volatile rates. 
The Determination Agent may make determinations or elections that could adversely affect the return on, 
value of and market for Notes linked to USD LIBOR 
If the Determination Agent determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to USD LIBOR, then it may make certain determinations, 
decisions and elections with respect to the rate of interest on such Notes. Any such determination, decision or 
election could affect the amount of interest payable on such Notes. For example, if the Determination Agent 
determines that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred, 
then it will determine, among other things, the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. Any exercise of 
discretion by the Determination Agent under the terms and conditions of the Notes, could present a conflict of 
interest. In making the determinations, decisions and elections, the Determination Agent may have economic 
interests that are adverse to the interests of the holders of the Notes, and such determinations, decisions or 
elections could have a material adverse effect on the return on, value of and market for such Notes. All 
determinations, decisions or elections by the Determination Agent pursuant to the USD LIBOR Fallback 
Provisions will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, will be made in the sole discretion of the 
Determination Agent and shall become effective without consent from the holders of Notes or any other party.

--- Page 56 ---
RISK FACTORS 
56 
Interim adjustments 
If, following a Benchmark Transition Event but prior to any adjustments or replacement having occurred, the 
relevant USD Benchmark is required for any determination in respect of the Notes and at that time, a Benchmark 
Replacement and any Benchmark Replacement Adjustment have not been determined and relevant Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes have not been made and: 
(a) 
if the USD Benchmark is still available, and it is still permitted under applicable law or regulation for 
the Notes to reference the USD Benchmark and for the Issuer and/or the Determination Agent to use the 
USD Benchmark, the USD Benchmark shall be determined pursuant to the terms that would apply to 
the determination of the USD Benchmark as if no Benchmark Transition Event had occurred; or 
(b) 
if the USD Benchmark is no longer available or it is no longer permitted under applicable law or 
regulation for the Notes to reference the USD Benchmark or for the Issuer and/or the Determination 
Agent to use the USD Benchmark, the USD Benchmark shall be determined by the Determination Agent 
in its sole and absolute discretion, after consulting any source it deems to be reasonable, as (a) a substitute 
or successor rate that it has determined is the industry-accepted (in the derivatives market) substitute or 
successor rate for USD LIBOR of the relevant tenor or (b) if it determines there is no such industry-
accepted (in the derivatives market) substitute or successor rate, a substitute or successor rate that it 
determines is a commercially reasonable alternative to the USD Benchmark, taking into account 
prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives 
market). 
To the extent that any Notes reference a USD Benchmark with respect to which a Benchmark Transition Event 
is likely to occur during the term of such Notes, prospective investors should be aware that the consequence of 
the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event described above will be realised if such a Benchmark 
Transition Event occurs and the USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions apply pursuant to General Condition 
6(b)(vi)(A) (Hierarchy Provisions and Adjustments). 
The interests of the Determination Agent in making the determinations described above may be adverse to your 
interests as a Noteholder. The selection of a Benchmark Replacement, and any decisions made by the 
Determination Agent in connection with implementing a Benchmark Replacement with respect to the Notes, 
could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on the Notes. Further, there is no assurance that 
the characteristics of any Benchmark Replacement will be similar to the relevant USD Benchmark or that any 
Benchmark Replacement will produce the economic equivalent of such USD Benchmark. In particular, any of 
these fallback provisions may result in interest payments that are lower than, or do not otherwise correlate over 
time with, the payments that would have been made on the relevant Notes if the previous rate had continued 
being published in its current form. 
Interest on Notes linked to an Impacted Rate will be calculated using a Replacement Reference Rate 
selected by the Determination Agent if a Reference Rate Event occurs 
Occurrence of a Reference Rate Event 
If the Reference Rate Event Provisions apply pursuant to General Condition 6(b)(vi)(A) (Hierarchy Provisions 
and Adjustments), there is a risk that a Reference Rate Event may occur in respect of such Impacted Rate (for 
an overview of how the Reference Rate Event Provisions apply, see “Investment Considerations – The 
unavailability, disruption or discontinuance of any interest rate to which the Notes are linked will result in the 
application of certain fallback provisions” below). 
It is uncertain as to if or when a Reference Rate Event may occur in respect of an Impacted Rate and the 
circumstances which could trigger such an event are outside of the Issuer’s control. Whether a Reference Rate 
Event has occurred will be determined by the Determination Agent, and any subsequent use of a replacement

--- Page 57 ---
RISK FACTORS 
57 
Impacted Rate is likely to result in changes to the Conditions (which could be extensive) and/or interest or other 
payments under the Notes that are lower than or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the payments 
that could have been made on such Notes if the relevant Impacted Rate remained available in its current form. 
Subject to the Conditions, each Noteholder will bear the risks arising from any such change and will not be 
entitled to any form of compensation as a result of any such change. 
Determination of alternative benchmark and any Adjustment Spread 
If the Determination Agent determines that a Reference Rate Event has occurred in respect of an Impacted Rate, 
it will:  
(a) 
seek to identify a Replacement Reference Rate;  
(b) 
calculate the adjustment, if any, to the Replacement Reference Rate that it determines is required in order 
to reduce any transfer of economic value from (i) the Issuer to the Noteholders or (ii) the Noteholders to 
the Issuer, in each case that would otherwise arise as a result of the replacement of the Impacted Rate 
with the Replacement Reference Rate (an “Adjustment Spread”); 
(c) 
determine such other amendments to the Notes which it considers are necessary and/or appropriate in 
order to account for the effect of the replacement of the relevant Impacted Rate with the Replacement 
Reference Rate (as adjusted by the Adjustment Spread); and  
(d) 
determine the timing for when the Replacement Reference Rate, Adjustment Spread and such other 
adjustments will become effective in relation to the relevant Notes. 
The Noteholders should be aware that: 
(a) 
the application of any Replacement Reference Rate (notwithstanding the inclusion of any Adjustment 
Spread), together with any consequential amendments (or, if applicable, any changes made following a 
material change), could result in a lower amount being payable than would otherwise have been the case;  
(b) 
more than one possible replacement rate may exist and if so it is possible that the Determination Agent 
may select the least favourable replacement rate. In the case of IBOR linked swap rates, there is currently 
no industry-wide approach for dealing with the discontinuance or non-representativeness of such swap 
rates across all currencies and a complete consensus does not exist as to what rate or rates may become 
accepted replacements. It is impossible to predict the effect of any such replacements on the value of the 
Notes. Additionally, even where administrators have published new swap rates linked to risk free rates, 
there can be no guarantee that such rates will be liquid or recognised or acknowledged as being an 
industry standard, and the method by which such new swap rates are calculated may change in the future. 
Consequently, the outcomes of determinations by the Determination Agent may be unpredictable and 
the exercise of discretion by the Determination Agent may adversely affect the market value of, and 
return (if any) on, the Notes; 
(c) 
any such Replacement Reference Rate (as adjusted by any Adjustment Spread) and any consequential 
amendments (or, if applicable, any changes made following a material change) shall apply without 
requiring the consent of the holders of Notes; and  
(d) 
if the Determination Agent determines that it is not possible or commercially reasonable to adjust the 
terms of the Notes to account for the effect of any Reference Rate Event or to identify a Replacement 
Reference Rate or calculate an Adjustment Spread, then absent a determination that no Replacement 
Reference Rate or other amendments to the terms of the Notes are required, the Notes may, at the Issuer’s 
option, be the subject of an early redemption, in which case you may lose some or all of your investment.

--- Page 58 ---
RISK FACTORS 
58 
There is no guarantee that a Replacement Reference Rate will be identified or that an Adjustment Spread 
will be calculated by the Determination Agent. 
The Adjustment Spread may be positive, negative or zero and/or determined pursuant to a formula or 
methodology. There can be no assurance that the replacement adjustment will fully mitigate the transfer of 
economic value between the Issuer and holders and the proposed replacement adjustments are not intended, or 
able, to replicate the dynamic bank credit risk premium embedded in an IBOR. 
Interim adjustments 
If, following a Reference Rate Event but prior to any adjustments or replacement having occurred, the relevant 
Impacted Rate is required for any determination in respect of the Notes and at that time, no amendments have 
occurred in accordance with the foregoing and: 
(a) 
if the Impacted Rate is still available, and it is still permitted under applicable law or regulation for the 
Notes to reference the Impacted Rate and for the Issuer and/or the Determination Agent to use the 
Impacted Rate, the level of the Impacted Rate shall be determined pursuant to the terms that would apply 
to the determination of the Impacted Rate as if no Reference Rate Event had occurred; or 
(b) 
if the Impacted Rate is no longer available or it is no longer permitted under applicable law or regulation 
for the Notes to reference the Impacted Rate or for the Issuer and/or the Determination Agent to use the 
Impacted Rate, the level of the Impacted Rate shall be determined by the Determination Agent in its sole 
and absolute discretion, after consulting any source it deems to be reasonable, as (a) a substitute or 
successor rate that it has determined is the industry-accepted (in the derivatives market) substitute or 
successor rate for the relevant Impacted Rate (including any temporary substitute or successor rate) or 
the rate published at the relevant time on the last day on which the Reference Rate was published or was 
permitted to be used in accordance with applicable law or regulation (the “Last Permitted Rate”) or (b) 
if it determines there is no such industry-accepted (in the derivatives market) substitute or successor rate 
or the use of the Last Permitted Rate would not produce a commercially reasonable result, a substitute 
or successor rate that it determines is a commercially reasonable alternative to the Impacted Rate, taking 
into account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the 
derivatives market).  
To the extent that any Notes reference an Impacted Rate with respect to which a Reference Rate Event is likely 
to occur during the term of such Notes, prospective investors should be aware that the consequence of the 
occurrence of a Reference Rate Event described above will be realised if such a Reference Rate Event occurs. 
The interests of the Determination Agent in making the determinations described above may be adverse to your 
interests as a holder of Notes. The selection of a Replacement Reference Rate, and any decisions made by the 
Determination Agent in connection with implementing a Replacement Reference Rate with respect to the Notes, 
could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on the Notes. Further, there is no assurance that 
the characteristics of any Replacement Reference Rate will be similar to the relevant Impacted Rate or that any 
Replacement Reference Rate will produce the economic equivalent of such Impacted Rate. In particular, any of 
these fallback provisions may result in interest payments that are lower than, or do not otherwise correlate over 
time with, the payments that would have been made on the relevant Notes if the previous rate had continued 
being published in its current form. 
Risks relating to the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event 
The occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event (if applicable) in respect of any relevant Benchmark may 
mean adjustments are made to the Notes which may include selecting one or more successor benchmarks and 
making related adjustments to the Notes, including if applicable to reflect any increased costs of the Issuer of 
providing exposure to the replacement or successor rate(s) and/or benchmark(s). Alternatively, early redemption

--- Page 59 ---
RISK FACTORS 
59 
of the Notes may apply, if applicable. For an overview of how the Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions 
apply, see “Investment Considerations – The unavailability, disruption or discontinuance of any interest rate to 
which the Notes are linked will result in the application of certain fallback provisions” below. Any such 
adjustment may have an adverse effect on the value of, return on or market for the Notes, and if the Notes are 
early redeemed, the amount repaid to you could be substantially less than your initial investment and you could 
therefore sustain a loss. 
Risks relating to the discontinuance or unavailability of a Rate 
If the Underlying Rate Fallback Provisions apply, if (i) a Rate has been discontinued or is permanently no longer 
being published, or (ii) there has been an official announcement or formal publication of information by the 
supervisor of the administrator and/or sponsor of such Rate that the Rate (A) is no longer representative, or (B) 
as of a specified future date will no longer be capable of being representative, of any relevant underlying 
market(s) or economic reality that the Rate is intended to measure (in the case of (B) provided such specified 
future date has then occurred), the Calculation Agent may determine, in its sole and absolute discretion, the 
underlying closing level for such Rate by reference to an industry-accepted substitute or successor rate (or, if 
none, a rate which it determines is a commercially reasonable alternative, taking into account prevailing 
industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market)) and may make 
such adjustments to the Conditions as it determines necessary or appropriate to reflect any industry-accepted 
practices for the successor Rate, including applying an adjustment factor. Any such amendments may result in 
payments under the Notes being different from those originally anticipated, and could have a material adverse 
effect on the value of and return on the Notes. 
The unavailability of a SONIA rate may adversely affect the value of and return on the Notes 
In respect of SONIA-linked Notes, if the SONIA rate is not available or has not otherwise been published on a 
relevant day, the amount of interest payable on such Notes will be determined using (a) the Bank of England’s 
Bank Rate (for the purposes of this paragraph, the “Bank Rate”) for such day plus the mean of the spread of 
the SONIA rate to the Bank Rate, or (b) if the Bank Rate is not available on such day, the SONIA rate published 
for the first preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA rate was published. In respect of (a), there is 
no assurance that the characteristics of the Bank Rate and spread calculation will be similar to, or will produce 
the economic equivalent of, the SONIA rate upon which compounded daily SONIA is based. If the said rate 
and spread calculation provisions or alternative provisions for determining the SONIA rate in respect of a 
particular day become applicable, this could result in adverse consequences to the amount of interest payable 
on the Notes, which could adversely affect the return on, value of and market for the Notes. 
Swap Rates may be materially amended or discontinued 
More generally, Swap Rates (as defined below) may be subject to reform in the future. These reforms may cause 
one or more Swap Rate(s) to be discontinued, to be modified, or to be subject to other changes. Any such 
consequence could also have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on Notes the payout of which 
is dependent on the performance of such Swap Rate. 
EURIBOR, GBP LIBOR, USD LIBOR and other “IBORs” are used as the floating leg in the calculation of 
certain swap rates (collectively, the “Swap Rates”, and each a “Swap Rate”). Consequently, if the calculation 
methodologies of EURIBOR, GBP LIBOR, USD LIBOR and/or other relevant “IBORs” are reformed, this 
could have a material effect on the calculation of the relevant Swap Rate(s). Furthermore, if or when EURIBOR, 
GBP LIBOR, USD LIBOR and/or other relevant “IBORs” are discontinued (as described above), it may not be 
possible to calculate the relevant Swap Rate(s), and different fallback provisions would apply based on the 
fallback provisions described General Condition 6(b)(vi)(A) (Hierarchy Provisions and Adjustments). Such 
fallback provisions will be applied in the order set out therein. This will mean that, where “ISDA Determination” 
applies, any permanent cessation fallback provisions included as part of the applicable ISDA Definitions will

--- Page 60 ---
RISK FACTORS 
60 
not apply. In this regard it is worth noting that IBA has announced that it will cease the publication of GBP 
LIBOR ICE Swap Rate for all tenors immediately after publication on 31 December 2021 and expects to consult 
on the potential cessation of USD LIBOR ICE Swap Rate in due course. Refinitiv anticipates that the Tokyo 
Swap Rate (as presented on Eikon page <17143> and other RICs) will cease publication immediately following 
31 December 2021. 
Progress towards identifying appropriate fallbacks to apply following the discontinuance or non-
representativeness of Swap Rates comprising EURIBOR, GBP LIBOR, USD LIBOR and/or other relevant 
“IBORs” has not occurred at the same rate across all currencies. For example, on 23 July 2021, ISDA announced 
the results of its consultation on fallbacks for the GBP LIBOR ICE Swap Rate and the USD LIBOR ICE Swap 
Rate (the “ISDA Consultation”). The results indicated that a significant majority of respondents agreed with 
the fallback provisions set out in the draft amendments attached to the ISDA Consultation, which implement 
the fallbacks suggested by the Non-Linear Task Force (“NLTF”) of the Working Group on Sterling Risk-Free 
Reference Rates in the UK and a Subcommittee of the ARRC in the US. The fallbacks are first to a published 
‘all-in’ fallback rate that is calculated in accordance with the methodology suggested by NLTF or ARRC (as 
applicable) or, if such a published fallback rate is not available, then to a calculation performed by the 
Determination Agent in accordance with the applicable methodology. In contrast, Refinitiv published its own 
consultation on 19 April 2021 inviting feedback on the introduction of a new TONA based total return swap, 
and the design of a fallback rate for use in swap rate products that currently reference JPY LIBOR. Pursuant to 
the results of its consultation, Refinitiv launched a TONA-based Tokyo Swap Rate (“TSR”) in October 2021 
following a prototype period as well as the Tokyo Swap Rate Fallback settings intended for adoption by users 
of Tokyo Swap Rate that have legacy JPY LIBOR TSR contracts that mature after 2021. ISDA has prepared 
updates to the 2006 ISDA Definitions and the 2021 ISDA Definitions in relation to these fallbacks.  
Even where progress has been made towards identifying appropriate fallbacks and administrators have 
published new swap rates linked to risk free rates, such as the GBP SONIA ICE Swap Rate launched by the 
IBA on 14 December 2020, there can be no guarantee that such rates will be liquid, and the method by which 
such new swap rates are calculated may change in the future. Consequently, the outcomes of determinations 
made by the Issuer and/or the Determination Agent following a Reference Rate Event in respect of a relevant 
Swap Rate may be unpredictable and the exercise of discretion by the Issuer and/or the Determination Agent 
may adversely affect the market value of, and return (if any) on, the Notes. Further, there is no assurance that 
the characteristics of any Replacement Reference Rate will be similar to the relevant Swap Rate, or that the 
Replacement Reference Rate will produce the economic equivalent of the relevant Swap Rate. 
In any event, prior to any date of actual cessation or non-representativeness in respect of a relevant Swap Rate, 
the occurrence of a Reference Rate Event in respect of a relevant Swap Rate may discourage market participants 
from contributing to the underlying instruments, such as constant maturity swaps, by reference to which such 
Swap Rate is determined. Consequently, there may be inconsistent, limited or no liquidity in such instruments. 
This may happen more frequently as the relevant date of actual cessation or non-representativeness approaches. 
In particular, this may occur at times when the Issuer and/or the Determination Agent is required to make a 
determination in respect of such rate under the Notes, and may adversely affect the market value of, and return 
(if any) on, such Notes. 
The Determination Agent may make consequential changes to the General Conditions if the 
methodology of a relevant rate is amended 
In the event that the administrator of a rate referenced by Floating Rate Notes or Notes linked to a Rate amends 
the methodology of such Rate (including, without limitation, amendments to the time of publication of the 
relevant rate), the Determination Agent may, but shall not be required to, make any related or consequential 
changes to the General Conditions not otherwise provided for in the Reference Rate Event Provisions, 
Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions, the Underlying Rate Fallback Provisions, SRD Fallback

--- Page 61 ---
RISK FACTORS 
61 
Provisions, “ISDA Determination” provisions, SONIA Fallback Provisions or SOFR Fallback Provisions 
(including, without limitation, any technical, administrative or operational changes, changes to timing and 
frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and changes to the definition of Designated 
Maturity (where applicable)) that the Determination Agent determines to be appropriate in a manner 
substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Determination Agent decides that adoption of any portion 
of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Determination Agent determines that no 
appropriate market practice exists, in such other manner as the Determination Agent determines is reasonably 
necessary). Investors should be aware that such changes to the Conditions may adversely affect the market 
value of, and return (if any) on, such Notes. 
Risks in connection with the application of different compounding methodologies to Floating Rate 
Notes 
Different compounding methodologies may be used in conjunction with the relevant Floating Interest Rates. 
Where “SONIA Screen Rate Determination” applies and except where “Index Determination” applies, either 
“Compounded Daily SONIA (Shift)” or “Compounded Daily SONIA (Lag)” will be specified. Where “€STR 
Screen Rate Determination” or “SARON Screen Rate Determination” apply or where “SOFR Screen Rate 
Determination” applies and “Index Determination” does not apply, either “OIS Compounding”, “Compounding 
with Lookback”, “Compounding with Observation Period Shift” or “Compounding with Lockout” will be 
specified. 
These compounded methodologies have emerged as conventions for daily compounding of rates in arrear. The 
conventions differ in the period that each method uses when weighting each business day’s overnight rate for 
the relevant risk free rate and/or the way in which the rate observed for a given day is determined. The “Shift” 
approach weights the relevant risk free rate according to the relevant number of days that apply in a separate 
observation period which “shadows” the Interest Period. In the case of “SONIA Screen Rate Determination”, 
the observation period will start and end five business days preceding the relevant start and end of the Interest 
Period. On the other hand, the “Lag”, “OIS Compounding”, “Compounding with Lookback” and 
“Compounding with Lockout” approaches weight the relevant risk free rate according to the number of days 
that apply in the relevant Interest Period.  
Investors should be aware that divergence between the above methodologies could lead to a difference in the 
interest being determined even where the relevant risk free rate is the same for the Notes and may not be what 
investors expected. 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH CERTAIN TYPES OF NOTES AND CERTAIN PRODUCT 
FEATURES  
Risks relating to Fixed Rate Notes 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the 
rate or amount paid on such Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Notes.  
Risks relating to Range Accrual Notes 
Range Accrual Notes have an interest rate multiplied by an accrual rate which is determined by reference to the 
number of days in the relevant interest period on which one or more accrual condition(s) are satisfied. An 
accrual condition may be satisfied on any relevant day if the relevant reference observation is, as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms:  
(a) 
equal to or above the specified barrier; or 
(b) 
above the specified barrier; or

--- Page 62 ---
RISK FACTORS 
62 
(c) 
equal to or below the specified barrier; or  
(d) 
below the specified barrier,  
or the relevant reference observation is, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(a) 
either equal to or above, or above, the specified lower range; or  
(b) 
either equal to or below, or below, the specified upper range.  
A reference observation may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms as (A) a single reference rate, (B) a 
basket of two or more reference rates, (C) the difference between two reference rates or (D) the difference 
between the sums of two sets of reference rates.  
The interest rate of Range Accrual Notes may be a rate equal or calculated by reference to a specified fixed 
interest rate, a floating interest rate or a CMS swap rate (or if specified in the applicable Issue Terms, either the 
lesser of or the difference between two CMS swap rates).  
The accrual rate may be subject to a cap or a floor and may be multiplied by a leverage factor. 
Accordingly, Range Accrual Notes may be subject to variable interest rates, can be volatile instruments, and/or 
may pay limited or no interest in respect of an interest period. 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify that the “Protected Range Accrual Provisions” apply, where the 
accrual factor is greater than the specified protection level, the accrual factor shall be deemed to be 100 per 
cent. and the full amount of the interest amount for the relevant interest period will be paid even if the relevant 
accrual condition(s) are not satisfied on each relevant day in the relevant interest period. 
Risks relating to Spread Notes 
Spread Notes have an interest rate determined by reference to any of:  
(a) 
one (1) minus the result of a specified spread rate minus another specified spread rate; or  
(b) 
a specified spread rate minus another specified spread rate; or 
(c) 
the lesser of: (a) a specified spread rate plus or minus a spread cap margin, and (b) the sum of: (I) a 
specified percentage rate per annum, and (II) the product of (A) a multiplier, and (B) the difference 
between two specified spread rates, 
and, in each case, plus or minus a margin (if specified in the applicable Issue Terms), and multiplied by an 
interest participation rate (if specified in the applicable Issue Terms).  
Each of the specified spread rates referred to in the preceding paragraph may be (i) a single specified rate, (ii) 
the sum of more than one specified rate or (iii) one specified rate minus another specified rate. 
Accordingly, Spread Notes may be subject to variable interest rates, can be volatile instruments, and/or may 
pay limited or no interest in respect of an interest period. 
Notes which are issued with variable interest rates or which are structured to include a multiplier or 
other leverage factor are likely to have more volatile market values than more standard securities 
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include multipliers or 
other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of these features or other similar related features, 
their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not include these features. Any 
such volatility may have a material adverse effect on the value of, and return on, the Notes.

--- Page 63 ---
RISK FACTORS 
63 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Notes, as set out in General Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase) and any 
related provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, is likely to limit their market value. During any period when 
the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above 
the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective 
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate. You should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that 
time. 
Notes subject to a cap 
Where the terms of the Notes provide that the amount payable or deliverable is subject to a cap, your ability to 
participate in any change in the value of the Reference Item(s) over the term of the Notes will be limited, no 
matter how much the level, price or other applicable value of the Reference Item(s) rises above the cap level 
over the term of the Notes. Accordingly, the value of or return on the Notes may be significantly less than if 
you had purchased the Reference Item(s) directly or through another product not subject to a cap.  
RISKS SPECIFIC TO CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
Credit risk of the Reference Entity 
Investors should note that a holder of a Credit Linked Note will be exposed to the credit of one or more 
Reference Entities, which exposure shall be, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Issue Terms, to the full 
extent of their investment in such Credit Linked Note or, in the case of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, to the extent that the aggregate losses exceed the “attachment point”. 
Upon the occurrence of any specified Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, with respect to any Reference 
Entity, investors may suffer significant losses at a time when losses may be suffered by a direct investor in 
obligations of such Reference Entity. However, the holding of a Credit Linked Note may not reflect the impact 
of investing in an obligation of a Reference Entity, and losses in relation to the Credit Linked Notes could be 
considerably greater than would be suffered by a direct investor in the obligations of a Reference Entity and/or 
could arise for reasons unrelated to such Reference Entity. In addition, the terms of the deliverable obligations 
of Reference Entities may not be standard, and holders of that debt may therefore incur additional losses that 
are not reflected in the relevant Credit Linked Notes. This is of greater force in the case where the Reference 
Entity is a sovereign. There are no common set of rules or practices that governs the manner in which a 
sovereign government, faced with deterioration in its fiscal position or the performance of its economy, may 
attempt to reach resolution with holders of its debt obligations. Due to, amongst other factors, the role of 
governments and international organisations as creditors, the ability of a sovereign to enact legislation that may 
affect holders of its debt obligations, and the role played by other governments, including those of the 
jurisdictions in which private creditors are located, the development of events is inherently unpredictable. As a 
result, specified Credit Events or Risk Events, as applicable, may not encompass all the circumstances in which 
holders of a sovereign Reference Entity’s obligations may suffer credit-related losses. 
Legal risks 
Investors should note that a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, may occur even where (i) the Reference 
Entity/underlying obligor lacks capacity to enter into any obligation, (ii) there is any actual or alleged 
unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect to any obligation or (iii) the Credit Event or 
Risk Event, as applicable, results from (a) any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice or change in, 
the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or similar administrative or judicial body or (b)

--- Page 64 ---
RISK FACTORS 
64 
the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any other similar restrictions 
imposed by any monetary or other authority.  
In such circumstances, investors should note that they will bear the legal risks since the occurrence of a Credit 
Event or a Risk Event, as applicable, will result in an early redemption of their Credit Linked Notes, in full or 
in part. 
Jurisdictional differences and assessment of Reference Entity 
There can be less publicly available information about certain Reference Entities particularly where the laws in 
the jurisdiction of the Reference Entity do not subject the Reference Entity to reporting requirements. 
Furthermore, certain Reference Entities are subject to accounting, auditing and financial reporting standards 
that may differ from those applicable in other jurisdictions, and the relevant ways in which the legal regime of 
a Reference Entity operates can result in differences in outcomes across various jurisdictions. The differences 
highlighted herein may make it more difficult to make an accurate assessment of the creditworthiness of certain 
Reference Entities, and these differences may have a significant effect on the recovery on an underlying debt 
obligation in the event of bankruptcy or reorganisation of a Reference Entity. For example, once a bankruptcy 
or insolvency proceeding has commenced under the laws of certain jurisdictions, it may not be permissible to 
trade or accelerate the debt of the relevant issuer.  
In making any assessment with respect to the creditworthiness of any Reference Entity or the Reference Entity 
generally, investors should also take into account, amongst other factors, (i) the name of the Reference Entity 
given that there can be confusion among market participants with respect to similarly named entities within a 
corporate group or failure to monitor any recent name changes or Successors identified with respect to a 
particular Reference Entity, (ii) the obligor on any referenced obligation and its capacity, to the extent relevant 
for any Credit Linked Note, (iii) the characteristics of any obligation referenced such as whether it is senior or 
subordinated, senior non preferred, freely transferrable, secured or unsecured, a bond, loan or a payment 
obligation not related to borrowed money which may either meet or fail to meet certain requirements specified 
in the Credit Linked Note relevant to either the occurrence of a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, or 
redemption following a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable and (iv) where there are multiple Reference 
Entities, whether each Reference Entity is weighted equally or whether some Reference Entities have greater 
weightings than others given a Reference Entity’s weighting with respect to the relevant Credit Linked Note 
determines the portion of the principal amount of the Credit Linked Note that is attributable to that Reference 
Entity. The above factors are related to, and may affect, the creditworthiness of the relevant Reference 
Entity(ies) which, in turn, may impact the value of, and return on, the Credit Linked Notes and therefore, such 
factors are important and should be taken into consideration when making a decision whether to invest in the 
Credit Linked Notes.  
Actions of Reference Entities 
A Reference Entity (which could be the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or one of their affiliates) could take certain 
actions (e.g. merger, demerger or the repayment or transfer of indebtedness) without having regard to any 
investor’s interest. A Reference Entity may have an incentive to structure a transaction to produce a particular 
result for example, in order to induce holders of its debt obligations to take certain actions. In some cases, a 
Reference Entity may repay its outstanding liabilities or assign them to a different entity in a manner that does 
not give rise to the determination of a Successor to the Reference Entity. In such cases, with respect to that 
Reference Entity, there may no longer be any deliverable obligations (a circumstance commonly referred to as 
an “orphaning”), which may result in there being no appropriate Deliverable Obligations for an Auction to be 
determined with respect to the relevant Reference Entity or Physical Redemption to be effected. Such actions 
could affect the value of and return on such Credit Linked Notes in a manner that was not originally 
contemplated by investors.

--- Page 65 ---
RISK FACTORS 
65 
Historical performance may not predict future performance 
Investors should note that the historical performance of a Reference Entity or similar entities is not indicative 
of its future performance and, accordingly, if contrary to historical performance, a Credit Event or a Risk Event 
occurs, the Credit Linked Note may early redeem.  
Concentrated credit risk where Reference Entities are concentrated in the same sectors or regions 
The credit risk to investors in the Credit Linked Notes, which are credit-linked to multiple Reference Entities 
may be increased, amongst other things, as a result of the concentration of Reference Entities in a particular 
industry sector or geographic area, or the exposure of the Reference Entities to similar financial or other risks 
as other Reference Entities. 
Although at the Issue Date or Trade Date, as applicable, investors in Single Name Credit Linked Notes and 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes will have exposure to a single Reference Entity, investors 
should note that the risk factors set out above will equally apply to such Credit Linked Notes when multiple 
successors are identified in accordance with the Credit Linked Conditions. 
Impact of a Credit Event or Risk Event on principal and interest 
If “2014 Reference Entity” applies, following a Credit Event which is a Governmental Intervention or certain 
Restructuring Credit Events, an Asset Package Credit Event may occur and the amount of principal payable 
may be determined based on the value of a package of assets which a relevant obligation of a Reference Entity 
has been converted into or exchanged for (which may be worth significantly less than the principal amount of 
such original obligation of such Reference Entity or, where such original obligation has been expropriated for 
no compensation, may be zero). Prospective investors in such Credit Linked Notes should be aware that 
depending on the terms thereof (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal 
or interest or delivery of any specified assets may occur at a different time than expected and (iii) they may lose 
all or a substantial portion of their investment. 
The occurrence of a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, in relation to any Reference Entity from time to 
time may result in either full or partial redemption of the Credit Linked Notes on the relevant Credit Event 
Redemption Date which shall depend on whether “Credit Payment on Maturity” or “Credit Payment Following 
Credit Event” applies (and additionally, in the case of Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, whether 
“Redemption in Part” or “Redemption in Full” applies) and any recovery (which could be zero) or any incurred 
recovery amounts (to the extent that such recovery falls within the tranche to which the Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes are exposed to (as applicable)) will be payable to the 
investor but the investor shall be exposed to all incurred losses (to the extent that such losses fall within the 
tranche to which the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes are 
exposed to (as applicable)), which will reduce its principal redemptions. Where “Physical Redemption” applies, 
the occurrence of a Credit Event may result in the redemption of the Credit Linked Notes based on the delivery 
of certain direct or indirect obligations of the affected Reference Entity, which may have a market value which 
is substantially less than their nominal amount. 
Following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, 
as applicable, investors should note that interest will cease to accrue on a specified portion of the relevant Credit 
Linked Notes as set out in the terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes depending on whether “Interest 
Accrual on Default” or “No Interest Accrual on Default” applies in the relevant Issue Terms.  
If “No Interest Accrual on Default” is applicable, interest will cease from the Interest Payment Date or LA 
Interest Payment Date, as applicable, immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date or 
Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable or where there is no Interest Payment Date or LA 
Interest Payment Date, as applicable, immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date or

--- Page 66 ---
RISK FACTORS 
66 
Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, the Issue Date. If “Interest Accrual on Default” is 
applicable, interest will cease to accrue on the first Business Day immediately following the Relevant Event 
Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable. In such case, interest shall 
accrue on the affected applicable proportion from (and including) the Interest Payment Date or LA Interest 
Payment Date, as applicable, immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk 
Event Determination Date, as applicable (or where there is no Interest Payment Date or LA Interest Payment 
Date, as applicable, immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event 
Determination Date, as applicable, the Issue Date) to (and including) the Relevant Event Determination Date 
or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable. With respect to the Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, interest will cease to accrue on the Principal Writedown 
Amount with effect from the Credit Event Writedown Date, being the business day immediately following the 
Relevant Event Determination Date.  
The Issuer may also suspend interest in certain circumstances where (a) an Applicable DC Credit Event 
Question or a CE Resolution Notice, as applicable, has been submitted in respect of which a DC Resolution has 
not been published or the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has not resolved whether it will 
convene a meeting to Resolve the Applicable DC Credit Event Question or the matters described in the CE 
Resolution Notice, as applicable, or (b) where the Calculation Agent has determined that a Credit Event or a 
Risk Event, as applicable, could occur but no Credit Event Notice or Risk Event Notice, as applicable, has been 
provided to the Issuer and/or the Noteholders. In such circumstances, investors should note that the Issuer would 
suspend the maximum amount of interest payable assuming (i) the Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, 
had occurred, (ii) in the case of an M(M)R Restructuring or Restructuring, as applicable, as though no partial 
exercise occurred and (iii) where the amount to be withheld requires calculation of any recovery amount, a 
fixed recovery of zero per cent. applies. Such suspension of interest shall be effected although no Relevant 
Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date has actually occurred.  
Investors should be aware that payment of any interest wrongly suspended will be repayable in accordance with 
the terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes and where insufficient interest has been suspended (the 
absolute value of such interest shortfall constituting the Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount), such Interest 
Suspension Shortfall Amount shall be claimed by the Issuer from any future amount(s) payable or assets 
Delivered upon the redemption or, where applicable, write down in full of the relevant Credit Linked Notes 
(whether at maturity or upon early redemption). The Issuer however shall have no further claims against any 
investors for any Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount which cannot be deducted in full or in part (on account 
of the relevant redemption amount being insufficient). 
Interest (if applicable) shall continue to be suspended until the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee makes the relevant announcements or the Calculation Agent determines that no Relevant Event 
Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, can occur. In such 
circumstances, investors should note that they may not receive any interest for multiple Interest Periods.  
Interest will otherwise continue to accrue as usual on any remaining portion of the Credit Linked Note 
unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, to and excluding the earlier to 
occur of any full redemption at Scheduled Maturity Date or any relevant early redemption. Where “Credit 
Payment on Maturity applies”, additional interest shall accrue on the Credit Linked Notes in respect of the 
Credit Payment on Maturity Amount at the funding interest rate. 
Exposure to Credit Events and successions prior to the Trade Date or Issue Date 
The Credit Event Backstop Date represents the first day of the credit protection period for a Series of Credit 
Linked Notes. The default position under the Credit Linked Conditions is for the Credit Event Backstop Date 
to be determined on a rolling basis by reference to a look-back period of 60 calendar days from the Credit Event

--- Page 67 ---
RISK FACTORS 
67 
Resolution Request Date or the effective date of the Credit Event Notice, as applicable. Investors should 
accordingly note a Credit Event occurring prior to the Trade Date or Issue Date may result in a Credit Event 
being triggered under such Credit Linked Notes. Investors should also note that this will not be the case where 
the terms of the Credit Linked Notes expressly specify the Credit Event Backstop Date as the Trade Date or the 
Issue Date. Credit Linked Notes may also be exposed to Successor determinations in respect of events occurring 
prior to the Trade Date or Issue Date as, where “2014 Reference Entity” applies, the Credit Linked Notes have 
a similar backstop date (referred to as “Successor Backstop Date” where “2014 Reference Entity” applies and 
“Succession Event Backstop Date” where “2003 Reference Entity” applies), which is a look-back period of 
90 calendar days prior to the date of a request to convene the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee (or, if applicable, the effective date of a notice to the investor describing the relevant succession) is 
applicable for the purposes of any Successor determination. In both cases, investors should note that a Credit 
Event or succession that occurred prior to the Trade Date or Issue Date could affect the relevant Credit Linked 
Notes. In respect of a Series of Credit Linked Notes to which “2014 Reference Entity” applies, where on or 
after 1 January 2014, an entity assumes all of the obligations (including at least one relevant obligation) of a 
Reference Entity which is not a sovereign, in circumstances where a Reference Entity has ceased to exist, or is 
in the process of being dissolved and has not issued or incurred any borrowed money obligation at any time 
since the legally effective date of the assumption (such entity, a “Universal Successor”), the look-back period 
of 90 calendar days will not apply.  
Investors should conduct their own review of any recent developments with respect to any Reference Entity(ies) 
by consulting publicly available information. If, prior to the Trade Date or Issue Date, a request to convene a 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to determine whether a Credit Event or Successor determination 
has occurred with respect to a Reference Entity has been made, details of such request may be found on the DC 
Secretary’s webpage at https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor website). If a Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has not been convened to determine such matter as of the Trade Date 
or Issue Date, investors should note that one may still be convened after the Trade Date or Issue Date in respect 
of an event that has occurred which occurs up to 60 days (in the case of a Credit Event), 90 days (in the case of 
the determination of a Successor) or any time (in the case of the determination of a Universal Successor, where 
applicable) before the date of a request to convene such Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to make 
the relevant determinations. Equally, Credit Events and successions may occur but where issues are not raised 
within the requisite time period to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to qualify for a Credit 
Event or a qualifying succession, the events will not impact the relevant Credit Linked Notes, subject to any 
further actions undertaken by the Calculation Agent (where applicable).  
Successors 
Investors should note that, from time to time, the Reference Entity may be subject to change following the 
determination of any successors to the Reference Entity, and the creditworthiness of such successors may have 
an impact on the value of, and return on, the Credit Linked Notes.  
The Calculation Agent will be responsible for determining, as soon as reasonably practicable after it becomes 
aware of the relevant succession (but, where “2003 Reference Entity” applies, no earlier than 14 calendar days 
after the legally effective date of the relevant succession event), the sovereign or entity, if any, that qualifies as 
the successor. The Credit Linked Conditions provide that if a Reference Entity has more than one successor, the 
Calculation Agent shall amend the terms of the Credit Linked Notes, without consent of the investors, to reflect 
that the relevant Reference Entity has been succeeded by more than one successor and for the purposes of 
calculation, the affected notional representing such Reference Entity will be divided equally among the 
successors. Following such determination, the Credit Linked Notes shall remain outstanding in an amount equal 
to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount and interest will accrue on such amount in accordance with the 
adjustments determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner

--- Page 68 ---
RISK FACTORS 
68 
to reflect the economic effects of the identification of more than one successor, considered in the aggregate. 
Investors should note that the Credit Linked Note may reference substantially different credit risks following 
the determination of one or more successors. These credit risks could potentially be greater or lesser than the 
credit risk of the original Reference Entity. Investors should also be aware that the determination of a successor 
will not necessarily result in the assumption of that obligation by the successor either at all or in the same 
proportion as the allocation of the notional amount of the original Credit Linked Note. Such changes to the 
Credit Linked Notes could adversely impact the value of the Credit Linked Notes. 
Volatile prices 
The market price of Credit Linked Notes may be volatile and will be affected by, amongst other things, (i) the 
actual or perceived creditworthiness and credit ratings of each Reference Entity and any guarantors or other 
supporters of its relevant obligations, (ii) expected rates of recovery on obligations of the Reference Entity, (iii) 
actions of a Reference Entity and its principal creditors, (iv) the nature of each Reference Entity’s outstanding 
indebtedness, including its maturity and subordination structure and any guarantees or other support that the 
Reference Entity has provided to other entities, (v) the contractually specified credit-related events with respect 
to a Reference Entity that may trigger settlement of the Credit Linked Notes, (vi) optionality that a party may 
have, such as the ability to select the obligations of a Reference Entity that will be delivered or valued or to 
decide whether or not to trigger settlement, (vii) correlation among the credit spreads and/or default probabilities 
of the components of a basket or index, if applicable, (viii) market liquidity, (ix) the time remaining to the 
maturity or (x) economic, financial, political and regulatory or judicial events or conditions that affect a 
Reference Entity or its outstanding obligations, or the market for Credit Linked Notes or related financial 
markets, including credit spreads in the market. Such volatility could impact on the market value of the Credit 
Linked Notes.  
Market liquidity 
Various factors may affect the market liquidity for the Credit Linked Notes. Future regulation of Credit Linked 
Notes could limit market liquidity. In respect of an Index Untranched Credit Linked Note or an Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Note, certain tenors of the relevant Index referenced by the relevant Credit Linked Note may be 
more liquid than others. The market liquidity of an Index Untranched Credit Linked Note or Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Note may also vary significantly between the current series of the relevant Index referenced by 
the relevant Credit Linked Note and prior series. The market liquidity of instruments based on a bespoke 
portfolio of Reference Entities will generally be less than that of instruments linked to standardised indices and 
terms. The market liquidity of a single-name Reference Entity may be affected by the Reference Entity’s 
inclusion or exclusion from a standardised index, with exclusion from an index generally expected to result in 
diminished market liquidity. 
In addition, Credit Linked Notes with terms that differ from trading conventions may have substantially less 
market liquidity and price transparency. Consequently, market liquidity could vary during the term of a Credit 
Linked Note and will affect the value of such Credit Linked Note. There is no assurance that the Issuer, Dealer, 
Calculation Agent or one or more of their affiliates will be able to provide prices with respect to the Credit 
Linked Notes or that a secondary market can develop with respect to the Credit Linked Notes. 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees may make announcements, determinations and resolutions 
which may have an adverse impact on the value of, and return on, Credit Linked Notes. The Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees make determinations that are relevant to the majority of the credit derivatives 
market and to promote transparency and consistency. 
In making any determination with respect to a Credit Event, Risk Event or a succession date, the Calculation 
Agent may have regard to announcements, determinations and resolutions made by the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees. In certain circumstances (including, without limitation, the determination of the

--- Page 69 ---
RISK FACTORS 
69 
occurrence of an “Event Determination Date”), the Credit Linked Notes will be subject to the announcements, 
determinations and resolutions of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees. Such announcements, 
determinations and resolutions could adversely impact the quantum and timing of payments of interest and 
principal on the Credit Linked Notes. 
Investors have no role in respect of the composition of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees  
Noteholders will have no role in the composition of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees. A 
separate criterion will apply to the selection of dealer and non-dealer institutions to serve on the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees (“DC Member”), and Noteholders will have no role in establishing 
such criteria. In addition, the composition of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees will change 
from time to time as the term of a member institution may expire or a member institution may be required to be 
replaced. Noteholders will have no control over the process for selecting institutions to participate on the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees given the process is governed by the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees Rules (the “DC Rules”). To the extent provided for in the Credit Linked Notes, the 
determinations of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees (for example, whether or not a Credit 
Event has occurred) which will impact the return on the Credit Linked Notes will be final and binding with 
respect to specific matters set out in the terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes, where relevant. 
Investors will not be notified of deliberations and resolutions of the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees 
Notices of issues submitted to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees, meetings convened to 
deliberate such questions and the results of binding votes of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
will be published on the website of the DC Secretary at https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any 
successor website). Neither the Issuer, Dealer, Calculation Agent or one or more of their affiliates shall be 
obliged to inform investors of such updates as published from time to time. Investors should carefully monitor 
the matters under consideration by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees and their determinations 
as such determinations may affect an investor’s rights under the Credit Linked Notes. 
Notwithstanding that an investor may be unaware of information relating to determinations of a Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee as published on the DC Secretary’s website, this will not impact any 
redemptions, reductions in interest write-downs or determinations made by the Calculation Agent and/or Issuer. 
Investors will have no recourse against any of the institutions serving (which could include the Issuer, the 
Dealer or the Calculation Agent) on the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees or the external 
reviewers 
DC Members (which could include the Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent or one or more of their 
affiliates) do not owe any duty to Noteholders to refer specific questions to the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees. Noteholders will be prevented from pursuing legal claims with respect to actions 
taken by such DC Member in its capacity as such under the DC Rules. DC Members have no duty to investigate, 
supplement or verify the accuracy of information on which a determination is based. In addition, the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committees are not obligated to follow previous determinations or to apply 
principles of interpretation such as those that might guide a court in interpreting contractual provisions. 
Therefore, investors should be aware that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee could reach a 
conflicting determination for a similar set of facts, which may impact the Credit Linked Notes in a manner that 
was not originally contemplated by investors.  
Requirement for publicly available information 
The Credit Linked Notes may specify that only publicly available information regarding a relevant event may 
be used to trigger or modify the transaction. The Credit Linked Conditions contain standards as to what

--- Page 70 ---
RISK FACTORS 
70 
constitutes publicly available information. If a Credit Event, Risk Event or a succession occurs, amongst other 
events, but the requisite public information about the event is not available within the applicable time periods, 
then the event will not take effect under the Credit Linked Notes.  
Investors should note that in certain circumstances it may be difficult to verify the occurrences of certain Credit 
Events or Risk Events, as applicable, as a party in possession of such information which may evidence such 
Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, may be contractually prohibited from disclosing information to 
another party by virtue of any credit agreement or other agreement with the Reference Entity, any underlying 
obligor, any affiliate of the Reference Entity or of the underlying Obligor or such party may be bound by or 
subject to a confidentiality obligation or agreement whereby the required information for verification may not 
be capable of disclosure without breaching such confidentiality undertakings. Accordingly, there may be 
circumstances when a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, may not be capable of trigger under the Credit 
Linked Notes due to lack of publicly available information. 
In addition, there can be no assurance that all events occurring prior to the Trade Date and Issue Date, including 
events that would affect the accuracy or completeness of the public filings of the Reference Entity or the value 
of the underliers, will have been publicly disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of any such events or the disclosure 
of or failure to disclose material future events concerning an issuer could adversely affect the value of the Credit 
Linked Notes, its usefulness for any investor’s intended purpose, and the timing or amount of payments or 
deliveries. 
Risks associated with Auction Redemption following a Credit Event  
If “Auction Redemption” is applicable with respect to the Credit Linked Notes, then the amounts payable under 
the Credit Linked Notes will be determined on the basis of the final price determined pursuant to the auction 
procedure set out in the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms (then available at 
https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor website)). In respect of specified obligations 
of the relevant Reference Entity, provided that the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee determines 
that an applicable auction will be held, an auction final price determination date will occur. Credit losses 
determined pursuant to a market auction process may be greater or less than the losses which would have been 
determined in the absence of the auction. In particular, the auction process may be affected by technical factors 
or operational errors, which would not otherwise apply or may be the subject of actual or attempted 
manipulation. The administrator(s) specified in the auction settlement terms conduct auctions. Investors are 
subject to the risk that where a final price is determined in accordance with an auction, this may result in a lower 
recovery value than an obligation of the Reference Entity would have had if such final price had been 
determined pursuant to alternative methods. In addition, the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee may 
amend the form of auction settlement terms for a particular auction. The DC Rules provide for certain 
amendments by resolution of a convened Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. Other amendments 
may be made subject to a public comment period; however, the DC Rules permit the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee to forego a public comment period by supermajority action. Accordingly, there can 
be no assurance that the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms for a particular auction will be on similar 
terms to the form of auction settlement terms or the terms of previous auctions. 
Where the only relevant Credit Event is a restructuring, several concurrent but separate auctions may occur 
with respect to the Reference Entity and such Credit Event. The auction settlement amount may be based on 
the price of one or more obligations of the Reference Entity having a final maturity date different from the 
restructured obligation. 
Although auctions can generally be expected to be held for Reference Entities that are widely traded in the 
credit markets, there can be no assurance that an auction will be held for future Credit Events or that, if held, 
the auction will result in the determination of an auction final price. If an auction is not held or fails to result in

--- Page 71 ---
RISK FACTORS 
71 
the determination of an auction final price (as might occur if an auction is cancelled by the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee due, for example, to an inability to obtain the requisite number of initial bids) and 
if “Auction Redemption” is applicable with respect to the Credit Linked Notes, then the “Fallback Redemption 
Method” shall apply which, depending on the nature of the Credit Linked Notes being redeemed, may be cash 
redemption, or physical redemption. In such circumstances of cash redemption, the final price will be 
determined pursuant to the valuation method specified in the Credit Linked Notes.  
Investors should carefully assess and understand the elections specified in relation to the relevant Credit Linked 
Notes and the circumstances and/or events as described above, which may affect the value of, and return on, 
such Credit Linked Notes. 
Risks relating to physical redemption following a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable 
Where “Physical Redemption” or “LA Physical Redemption” applies to Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer must 
select obligations of the Reference Entity that satisfy specified criteria and deliver those obligations to the 
investor in an amount determined in accordance with the terms of the Credit Linked Notes. Investors should be 
aware that physical redemption may not be possible to accomplish under some circumstances, including where 
the Issuer is unable to procure the specified or selected deliverable obligation(s) due to market dislocations or 
prior redemptions or refinancings by the Reference Entity, failure to receive necessary transfer consents (such 
as from a borrower or agent) or delays in receiving such consents, or court orders prohibiting transfers of an 
obligation. In such event, the terms of the Credit Linked Notes may provide the Issuer with alternative methods 
of settlement or permit partial cash settlement subject to certain conditions or specify other fallback 
consequences which may include redemption by way of payment of a cash amount. Further, where “Physical 
Redemption” applies and if all or any part of the Physical Redemption Assets that would be required to be 
Delivered to a Noteholder is not a whole integral multiple of the smallest unit of transfer for any such Physical 
Redemption Assets at the relevant time of Delivery, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Issuer will 
only Deliver the portion of the Physical Redemption Assets specified by the Issuer which is as large a size as 
possible but less than the full Physical Redemption Assets, after consideration of such smallest unit or units of 
transfer and application of rounding. The value of the undelivered obligations will be deemed to be zero and 
the Issuer’s obligations to an investor in respect of such portion shall be fully and effectively discharged in such 
circumstances.  
Investors should understand the terms of the obligation and applicable securities laws as these may restrict their 
ability to take delivery of Deliverable Obligations. Investors should also note that delivery expenses will be 
taken into account in determining the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount of the relevant 
Deliverable Obligations to be Delivered. 
Outstanding Principal Balance 
If “2014 Reference Entity” applies, the outstanding principal balance of a deliverable obligation is determined 
by calculating (i) the amount of all principal payment obligations of a Reference Entity in respect of such 
obligation, minus (ii) any unwind costs, any delivery expenses, any interest suspension shortfall amounts and 
any portion of such principal payment obligations that are subject to a contingency (other than certain permitted 
contingencies) or prohibited action (the amount determined in sub-paragraph (i) above less any amounts 
subtracted in accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) above, being the “Non-Contingent Amount”) and thereafter 
determining the lowest amount of the claim that could be validly asserted against a Reference Entity in respect 
of such Non-Contingent Amount if the obligation was redeemed or accelerated. If “2003 Reference Entity” 
applies, the outstanding principal balance of a deliverable obligation will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, and will similarly deduct any unwind costs, 
any delivery expenses and any interest suspension shortfall amounts. Accordingly, if payments of principal are

--- Page 72 ---
RISK FACTORS 
72 
subject to a contingency, the outstanding principal balance could be less than the principal balance (and 
depending upon the type of contingency, could even be zero). 
The quantum of the claim will be normally determined in accordance with any applicable law that reduce or 
discount the size of the claim to reflect the original issue price or accrued value of the obligation. Where the 
“2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019)” and “Fallback 
Discounting” both apply and if certain other conditions are met (being (a) the Outstanding Principal Balance of 
an obligation is not reduced or discounted in accordance with applicable law and (b) the issue price of a Bond 
or the amount advanced under a Loan is less than 95 per cent. of the principal redemption amount or principal 
repayment amount (as applicable), and in each case, there are no provisions relating to the accretion over time 
of the amount which would be payable on an early redemption or repayment of such Bond or Loan that are 
customary for such Bond or Loan, as applicable), the Outstanding Principal Balance would instead be the lesser 
of (i) the Non-Contingent Amount and (ii) an amount determined by straight line interpolation between (A) the 
issue price of the Bond or the amount advanced under the Loan and (B) the principal redemption amount or 
principal repayment amount, as applicable. In such circumstances, prospective investors should note that upon 
Delivery by the Issuer of impacted Deliverable Obligations or LA Settlement Assets, as applicable, the amount 
received by the investor would potentially be further reduced which could result in an anticipated par claim 
being treated as less than par. 
Delivery of Loans 
Where physical redemption applies and to the extent investors would be required to receive loans as deliverable 
obligations under a Credit Linked Note, investors should be familiar with the documentation and settlement 
practices of the relevant secondary loan trading markets and applicable laws and regulations (including the legal 
consequences of furnishing or receiving non-public information regarding a Reference Entity).  
Provisions of the Reference Entity’s credit agreements may affect a party’s ability to deliver or receive loans, 
the economic consequences of doing so and whether loans meet deliverability criteria. Accordingly, investors 
should review such agreements carefully, including the provisions governing assignments, any collateral 
allocation mechanisms i.e., a mandatory exchange of obligations for other obligations under a credit agreement, 
not all of which may be deliverable and provisions that may require or entitle a lender to advance funds. 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to deliver 
Investors should note that a Payment/Delivery Failure Event will occur where certain relevant definitive Credit 
Linked Notes (other than Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked 
Notes) and/or the Deliverable Obligation Notice are not delivered or there is a failure to duly execute, deliver 
and/or accept a transfer certificate or other transfer document on or before any Delivery Date and/or specify a 
date for transfer of the relevant Deliverable Obligation that is on or before any Delivery Date. In such case, 
investors should note that the obligations of the Issuer to procure Delivery of the Physical Redemption Assets 
and make any payment shall cease until such time, such event is cured whereupon deferred delivery shall apply 
or if “Fallback Cash Redemption” is specified to apply in the relevant Issue Terms, fallback cash settlement 
shall apply. Investors will not be entitled to any payment, whether of interest or otherwise, in the event of such 
deferred delivery or payment. 
Risks associated with Cash Redemption or LA Cash Redemption following a Credit Event or Risk Event, 
as applicable 
If “Cash Redemption” or “LA Cash Redemption”, as applicable, applies to the Credit Linked Notes, then 
following the occurrence of a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, the Calculation Agent will be required 
to seek quotations in respect of selected obligations of the Reference Entity in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of the Credit Linked Notes. Investors should be aware that such obligations may no longer exist and 
no qualifying substitute obligations may have been identified, such quotations may not be available, or the level

--- Page 73 ---
RISK FACTORS 
73 
of such quotations may be substantially reduced as a result of illiquidity in the relevant markets or as a result of 
factors other than the credit risk of the Reference Entity (for example, liquidity constraints affecting market 
dealers). Moreover, the market value of a Reference Entity’s obligations may be highly volatile in the period 
following a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable. Accordingly, any quotations so obtained may be 
significantly lower than the value of the relevant obligation which would be determined by reference to (for 
example) the present value of related cash flows or the value that a party could obtain if it controlled the 
disposition of the obligations. Furthermore, the price of the selected obligations of the Reference Entity may be 
deemed to be zero in the event that no such quotations are available. Further, valuation of the selected 
obligations will be determined at a particular determination date and as such the recovery price which would 
be adopted in any loss amount or incurred loss amount that would be suffered by an investor following the 
occurrence of a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, will reflect the value of relevant obligations at a 
given date. As such, the exposure to loss suffered by an investor or any principal write-down may be more than 
that ultimately realised by a holder of debt obligations of the Reference Entity, whether by means of 
enforcement of rights following a default or receipt of distributions following an insolvency or otherwise. 
Further, where quotations are sought on an asset package, such asset package may contain assets which are hard 
to value and for which a valuation methodology may not be readily available or suitable, which may reduce the 
value of quotations or the availability of quotations that may otherwise have been obtained. Accordingly, 
investors should note that any quotations so obtained may be significantly lower than the value of the relevant 
obligation (or asset package) which would be determined by reference to (for example) the present value of 
related cash flows or the value that a party could obtain if it controlled the disposition of the obligations.  
Fixed Recovery Redemption or LA Fixed Recovery Redemption may be subject to a fixed recovery price 
If “Fixed Recovery Redemption” or “LA Fixed Recovery Redemption” applies to Credit Linked Notes and the 
Credit Event Redemption Amount of the Credit Linked Notes is calculated by reference to a fixed recovery 
price of the obligations of a Reference Entity(ies), the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as 
applicable, may result in the recovery being materially lower than the prevailing price of the relevant obligations 
of the relevant Reference Entity. Investors should note that redemption could occur with a Fixed Recovery 
Percentage set at zero per cent. where the Issue Terms specify accordingly.  
If the Fixed Recovery Percentage is zero, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date or 
Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, the occurrence of the Cash Redemption Date or the 
Final Cash Redemption Date, the LA Cash Redemption Date or Final LA Cash Redemption Date, as applicable, 
shall fully and effectively discharge the Issuer’s obligation to redeem the relevant Credit Linked Notes in full. 
Investors should be aware that where the Fixed Recovery Percentage is zero, the loss amount in respect of the 
Affected Reference Entity will be 100 per cent. and, accordingly, no redemption amounts will be payable or 
assets deliverable to the Noteholders. Investors accordingly will bear the loss of their principal. 
“Cheapest-to-Deliver” risk 
Since the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent has discretion to choose the portfolio of obligations to be delivered 
or valued following a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, in respect of a Reference Entity, it is likely that 
the portfolio of obligations selected will be obligations of the Reference Entity with the lowest anticipated 
market value that are permitted to be selected pursuant to the terms of the Credit Linked Notes. This could result 
in a lower recovery value and hence greater losses for an investor. Obligations of differing maturities, currencies 
or payment priority (either contractual or under applicable insolvency law), among other characteristics, may 
diverge considerably in market value. Similar considerations apply where “Auction Redemption” applies given 
that the representative transaction that is priced in an auction generally allows a choice of deliverable obligations 
from a final list established by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee whereby participating bidders 
provide two way prices.

--- Page 74 ---
RISK FACTORS 
74 
Payments of the Credit Linked Notes may be deferred or suspended 
Investors should note that in certain circumstances, for example where (i) a Credit Event has occurred and the 
related credit loss, incurred loss amount or incurred recovery amount (in the case of Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes) has not been determined as at the relevant Scheduled 
Maturity Date or the Credit Event Redemption Date may occur after the Scheduled Maturity Date, (ii) where a 
potential Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, is determined to occur as at the scheduled maturity of the 
Credit Linked Notes (including Potential Failure to Pay if “Grace Period Extension” is specified as being 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms or Potential Repudiation/Moratorium if “Repudiation/Moratorium” is 
specified as being applicable in the relevant Issue Terms), (iii) where a DC Credit Event Question has been 
submitted but the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has not declared a DC Credit Event 
Announcement, announced a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal (or Resolved not to determine the matters 
set out in the CE Resolution Notice, as applicable), declared a DC No Credit Event Announcement or resolved 
whether or not to convene to resolve any issue or (iv) a Credit Event Notice or Risk Event Notice, as applicable, 
may be delivered after the Scheduled Maturity Date within an effective delivery period which may result in a 
Relevant Event Determination Date or a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, occurring. In 
such circumstances, payment of the redemption amount of the Credit Linked Notes and/or interest on the Credit 
Linked Notes may be deferred for a material period in whole or part without compensation to an investor. In 
such circumstances, the Issuer is not obliged to take any action with respect to redemption in relation to the 
relevant Credit Linked Notes and no additional interest shall be payable to an investor in connection with such 
tolling or suspension of payments, including any final redemption amount. Once the relevant DC Credit Event 
Announcement or DC Credit Event Question Dismissal (or, where applicable, a Resolution not to determine 
the matters set out in the CE Resolution Notice) has occurred, the relevant timing requirements that pertain to 
settlement that have previously tolled or been suspended shall resume on the Business Day following such 
public announcement by ISDA or the DC Secretary, as applicable, with the Issuer having the benefit of the full 
day notwithstanding when the tolling or suspension began. 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to pay 
Investors should note that where it is impossible, impracticable or illegal for the Issuer to pay (due to an event 
beyond the control of the Issuer including, without limitation, a failure by the investor to provide account details 
of its designee) or for a Noteholder to accept payment of (due to an event beyond the control of such 
Noteholder), the obligation of the Issuer to pay any amount scheduled to be paid will be postponed until such 
time that the event no longer exists or is cured but where the event continues to exist on the Payment Failure 
Cut-Off Date, no such payment will be made by the Issuer and the Issuer’s obligations to the investor will be 
deemed to be fully discharged as of that date. Any postponement or deemed discharge of payment will not 
constitute an Event of Default hereunder (as defined in General Condition 1 (Definitions and Interpretation)) 
and will not entitle the relevant investors to any additional interest or other payment as a result thereof. 
Determination of Event Determination Dates and Credit Event Redemption Dates post Scheduled 
Maturity Date 
Investors should note that, depending on whether “2003 Reference Entity” or “2014 Reference Entity” applies, 
an Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, which would give rise to a 
redemption could occur as a result of notices being provided during the prescribed notice delivery period or 
post dismissal additional period which may occur after the Scheduled Maturity Date or, in some cases 14 
calendar days after the date of the DC Credit Event Announcement as a result of requests submitted after the 
Scheduled Maturity Date by market participants to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee for the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to be convened to deliberate an issue. The Scheduled 
Maturity Date of the Credit Linked Note may also be extended where the last relevant Credit Event Redemption 
Date, Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date with respect to physical redemption, the last Payment Failure

--- Page 75 ---
RISK FACTORS 
75 
Cut-Off Date or the RMB Currency Settlement Cut-Off Date occurs after the Scheduled Maturity Date 
(including any final Partial Cash Redemption Date or final Fallback Cash Redemption Date, as applicable). In 
each of these circumstances, the scheduled maturity date of the Credit Linked Notes will be extended and 
investors should note that the final redemption amounts, if any would be payable on a date later than the 
Scheduled Maturity Date and no additional interest shall be payable to an investor in connection with such 
tolling or suspension of payments, including any final redemption amount. 
Adjustments and amendments 
Investors should note that the Credit Linked Notes may be subject to amendments without consent of the 
investors, where an Event Determination Date is deemed either to have occurred on a date that is different from 
the date that was originally determined to be the Event Determination Date or not to have occurred. Certain DC 
resolutions may reverse prior DC resolutions or the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date that 
has resulted in the identification of Successors, Substitute Reference Obligations or the occurrence of an 
Auction Final Price Determination Date, Physical Redemption Date, Valuation Date or Delivery Date, as 
applicable and depending on the circumstances, may have the effect of reversing the economic impact for the 
Credit Linked Notes. Investors should be aware that in these circumstances, the Calculation Agent in its sole 
and absolute discretion will determine the adjustment payment, if any, that is payable to investors, the date the 
adjustment payment is payable and no accruals of interest, if any, shall be taken into account when calculating 
any such adjustment payment and when making such adjustments, no further consent of the Noteholder shall 
be required.  
Further, investors should note that the Calculation Agent may from time to time, without obtaining the consent 
of the Noteholders, amend provisions of the Credit Linked Conditions in any manner which the Calculation 
Agent determines (acting in a commercially reasonable manner) is necessary or desirable (i) to incorporate 
and/or reflect (a) further or alternative documents or protocols from time to time published by ISDA with respect 
to the documentation or redemption of Credit Linked Notes and/or (b) the operation or application of 
determinations by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees and/or (ii) to account for market practice 
to be reflected in the terms of the Credit Linked Notes. Any such amendment may affect the value of, and return 
on, the Credit Linked Notes. 
Potential conflicts of interest 
The Calculation Agent, the Determination Agent and one or more of their affiliates is a leading dealer in the 
credit derivatives market. If “Auction Redemption” is applicable under the Credit Linked Notes and an auction 
is held in respect of a Reference Entity for which a Credit Event has occurred, there is a high probability that 
the Calculation Agent, the Determination Agent or one of their affiliates would act as a participating bidder in 
any such auction. In such capacity, it may take certain actions which may influence the final price determined 
pursuant to the auction, including, without limitation, (i) submitting bids, offers and physical settlement requests 
(either on its or their own behalf or on behalf of customers) with respect to the relevant deliverable obligations 
and (ii) providing rates of conversion to determine the applicable currency conversion rates to be used to convert 
any obligations that are not denominated in the auction currency into such currency for the purposes of the 
auction. In deciding whether to take any such action, or whether to act as a participating bidder in any auction, 
the Calculation Agent, the Determination Agent or one or more of their affiliates (as applicable) shall be under 
no obligation to consider the interests of any investors and the effects of their participation may have a material 
adverse effect on the value of a Credit Linked Note. 
The Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent, the Determination Agent or one or more of their respective 
affiliates may also be a voting member on one or more of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
responsible for determining the occurrence of Credit Events or Risk Events, as applicable, for the purposes of 
certain credit derivatives transactions and may take certain actions that may influence the process and outcome

--- Page 76 ---
RISK FACTORS 
76 
of decisions of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees. Such entities may also have an inherent 
conflict of interest in the outcome of any such determinations. The actions taken by such entities may also be 
adverse to the interests of an investor and may result in an economic benefit accruing to the Issuer, the Dealer, 
the Calculation Agent, the Determination Agent or one or more of their respective affiliates. In performing any 
duty under the DC Rules that govern the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees, the Issuer, the Dealer, 
the Calculation Agent, the Determination Agent or one or more of their respective affiliates shall have no 
obligation however to consider the interests of an investor and may ignore any conflict of interests arising in 
respect of the Credit Linked Notes. 
The Issuer, the Dealer and/or the Calculation Agent and/or the Determination Agent and/or their respective 
affiliates may also have an interest in data sources that publish credit indices and may participate, together with 
other dealers, in the process or advisory committees by which the index sponsor determines the composition of 
the Index CDS (as defined below) and makes certain other determinations with respect to the index, including 
the removal of Reference Entities or reference obligations from the Index CDS or to determine changes in the 
composition of indices. The Issuer, the Dealer and/or the Calculation Agent and/or the Determination Agent 
and/or their respective affiliates may also participate and vote in committees affecting the credit default swap 
industry generally. By virtue of such participation in each of the circumstances described above, the Issuer, the 
Dealer, the Calculation Agent, the Determination Agent or one or more of their respective affiliates has no 
obligation to consider the interests of any investor in their actions and decisions and investors should note that 
the activities of the Issuer, the Dealer and/or the Calculation Agent and/or the Determination Agent and/or their 
respective affiliates as described herein may present a conflict between the Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation 
Agent, the Determination Agent and/or their respective affiliates’ obligations and the interests of an investor 
under the Credit Linked Notes.  
The Issuer, the Dealer, the Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent may have dealings and 
information in relation to Reference Entities 
The Issuer, the Dealer, the Determination Agent and/or the Calculation Agent and/or their respective affiliates 
may, now or in the future, deal in obligations of the Reference Entities, make equity investments in a Reference 
Entity, engage in business with a Reference Entity, its affiliates and its competitors or any other person or entity 
having obligations relating to a Reference Entity, including making loans to, or otherwise extend credit to, and 
generally engage in any kind of commercial or investment banking or other business, including asset 
management or other advisory services, including merger and acquisition or bankruptcy-related advisory 
services. The Issuer, the Dealer, the Determination Agent, the Calculation Agent and/or their respective affiliates 
may also participate in loan restructurings or recapitalisations that may affect the Credit Linked Note and any 
reference obligations. In such circumstances, the Issuer, the Dealer, the Determination Agent and/or the 
Calculation Agent and/or their respective affiliates may act with respect to such dealings, business and advisory 
freely and without accountability to any investor in the same manner as if the Credit Linked Notes did not exist, 
and any such action might have an adverse effect on any investor (including, without limitation, any action that 
might give rise to a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable). 
The Issuer, the Determination Agent and/or the Calculation Agent and/or their respective affiliates may be, 
whether by virtue of the types of relationships described above or otherwise, at any time, in possession of 
information in relation to any Reference Entity (or any obligations thereof) which is or may be material in the 
context of the Credit Linked Notes and which is or may not be known to the general public or Noteholders. The 
Credit Linked Notes do not create any obligation to disclose to Noteholders any such relationship or information 
(whether or not confidential), notwithstanding that any such relationship or information may have an adverse 
impact on the value of, and return on, the Credit Linked Notes.

--- Page 77 ---
RISK FACTORS 
77 
The Credit Linked Notes do not represent an interest in obligations of Reference Entities 
The Credit Linked Notes do not represent or convey any interest in any obligations of Reference Entities or any 
direct or indirect obligation of any Reference Entity to an investor. The Issuer is not an agent of any investor 
for any purpose and an investor will not have rights equivalent to those of a holder of debt obligations of a 
Reference Entity, such as voting rights or rights to receive consent fees or other distributions from a Reference 
Entity. For example, if a restructuring occurs with respect to a Reference Entity, the investor, unlike a holder of 
a Reference Entity’s obligations, will have no right to challenge or participate in any element of the 
restructuring. If the Issuer is the owner of one or more obligations of a Reference Entity, it may exercise its 
voting or control rights or otherwise act in its capacity as holder of such obligations without regard to the 
interests of an investor, and such actions could adversely affect the Credit Linked Notes held by an investor. 
Consequently, the investor’s purchase of the Credit Linked Notes may be riskier than a direct investment in the 
obligations of a Reference Entity. The purchase of a Credit Linked Note differs from an offering of new 
obligations by a Reference Entity in that none of the subscription moneys paid with respect to the Credit Linked 
Note will go to a Reference Entity. The Issuer in addition does not grant any security interest over any such 
obligations of the Reference Entity.  
Operational risks and notices 
The Credit Linked Notes may require that certain notices be given in order to exercise rights, realize value or 
protect and preserve interests under the Credit Linked Notes, including but not limited to notices to investors 
by the Issuer of the occurrence of a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, or that describes a succession 
together with supporting information, the choice of obligations to be delivered or valued, certain potential Credit 
Events or Risk Events, as applicable and the exercise of the right to utilize parallel auctions in the case of certain 
restructuring Credit Events and in the case of Physical Redemption, the provision of a Deliverable Obligation 
Notice by an investor.  
Investors should have arrangements for delivering and receiving such notices and monitoring the actions of the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees, and be prepared to take the necessary or appropriate 
steps when it receives such notices or learn of such actions where an investor needs to take action pursuant to 
such notice. Failure to take the relevant steps or actions within the requisite time periods could adversely affect 
an investor’s interests under a Credit Linked Note.  
Investors should note that in some cases, determinations of a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
may substitute for a required notice, modify the effect of a previously delivered notice or alter the period during 
which a notice may be delivered which may impact on timings of notices provided by the Issuer. 
Investors should further note that where any notice is required to be delivered by the Issuer to investors, such 
notices shall be deemed to have been delivered to investors upon delivery of such notice to the Fiscal Agent by 
the Issuer. The failure of the Fiscal Agent to deliver any such notice to Noteholders shall not affect however (i) 
the effectiveness of any notice delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer and/or the Issuer to the Fiscal 
Agent (ii) the effectiveness of any determinations made by any of them or (iii) the right of the Issuer to redeem 
(whether in whole or in part) the Credit Linked Notes or to write down any aggregate principal notional of the 
Credit Linked Notes pursuant to and in accordance with the relevant Credit Linked Conditions.  
Where the relevant notice is to be provided by the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or the Fiscal Agent, investors 
should note that a failure by any of such parties to deliver the relevant notices or any decision by any of them 
not to deliver a Credit Event Notice or Risk Event Notice to the investor shall not constitute an Event of Default 
under the relevant Credit Linked Notes.

--- Page 78 ---
RISK FACTORS 
78 
Interpretation of terms 
The terms of the Credit Linked Notes are subject to interpretation and further evolution. In some instances, the 
views of market participants may differ as to how the terms of specific credit provisions should be interpreted 
in the context of specific events, entities and obligations in comparison to that of a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee or Calculation Agent where applicable. Accordingly, the consequences resulting 
from the interpretation of various terms could vary in the context of the Credit Linked Notes and result in 
unexpected losses, redemption, write-down, reduction in interest and other economic impact for an investor.  
Foreign exchange risks 
Investors should note that in certain circumstances, a currency conversion may be required to effect certain 
determinations, calculations in relation to any payment or delivery obligation with respect to the Credit Linked 
Notes. Delivery of an underlying obligation denominated in a currency that is different from the settlement 
currency of the Credit Linked Notes will have effects similar to a currency conversion. Investors should note 
that with respect to any auction in connection with Auction Redemption, the relevant exchange rates to be 
applied with respect to the auction, where relevant will be set by the auction administrators prior to any auction 
final price determination date. In such circumstances, the Credit Linked Notes will have foreign exchange rate 
risk, which may have an adverse impact on the value of, and return on, the Credit Linked Notes. 
Discretionary powers of the Calculation Agent 
The determination by the Calculation Agent of any amount or of any state of affairs, circumstance, event or 
other matter, or the formation of any opinion or the exercise of any discretion required or permitted to be 
determined, formed or exercised by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and 
binding on the Issuer and any Noteholder. In performing its duties pursuant to the Credit Linked Notes and 
making any determinations expressed to be made by it, the Calculation Agent shall either act in its sole and 
absolute discretion or act in a commercially reasonable manner, depending on the election specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms. Where the Calculation Agent acts in its sole and absolute discretion, it is under no 
obligation to act in the interests of any investor, nor will it be liable to account for any profit or other benefit 
which may accrue to it as a result of such determinations. Any determinations made or actions taken by the 
Calculation Agent may have an adverse impact on the value of, and return on, the Notes. 
Risks relating to Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes 
The likelihood of a Credit Event occurring with respect to the nth Reference Entity is affected significantly by 
the default correlation among the Reference Entities. Accordingly, the value of an Nth-to-Default Basket Credit 
Linked Note at any time will depend significantly on expectations about default correlation at that time, in 
addition to the valuation factors described above in the risk factor entitled “Volatile prices” related to Credit 
Linked Notes generally. Moreover, because of the difficulty of predicting the likelihood that a given number of 
Reference Entities will default, the value of an Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note is subject to “model 
risk” – i.e., the risk that the model used by a party will fail to accurately predict the likelihood that the applicable 
number of Reference Entities default, causing unpredictable outcomes to potentially result in significant losses 
for an investor. See “Risks relating to Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes” below.  
Noteholders should carefully review the terms of an Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note relating to: (i) 
whether and how substitution of a Reference Entity occurs upon certain events such as the determination of a 
Successor resulting in repetition of a Reference Entity in the basket of Reference Entities; (ii) how events that 
result in two or more Successors are addressed; and (iii) the manner and order in which defaulting Reference 
Entities are counted. These terms, as well as the provisions relating to the designation of a Successor, may affect 
the correlation among the Reference Entities and the number and timing of defaults that are deemed to have 
occurred.

--- Page 79 ---
RISK FACTORS 
79 
Risks relating to Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes 
With respect to Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, investors 
should note that they could be exposed to significant losses which may result from changes in the market’s 
perception of the credit quality of the underlying Reference Entities. The market’s perception of the credit 
quality of the underlying Reference Entities may be highly volatile and may change very rapidly following the 
availability of new information. Investors should refer to the risk factors entitled “Credit risk of the Reference 
Entity”, “Jurisdictional differences and assessment of Reference Entity”, “Actions of Reference Entities”, 
“Historical performance may not predict future performance”, and “Concentrated credit risk where Reference 
Entities are concentrated in the same sectors or regions”. Investors should carefully review the list of Reference 
Entities that constitute the Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, as 
applicable, and evaluate whether such exposure meets its stated objectives and is representative of the market 
to which exposure is required. 
Investors should note that an investment in relation to a bespoke portfolio of Reference Entities may have 
significantly less liquidity than there is for an investment in an Index Untranched Credit Linked Note which is 
based on a standardised Index CDS and accordingly there may be no, or a limited, secondary market in such 
Credit Linked Notes.  
Risks relating to Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
Investors could be exposed to significant losses which may result from changes in the market’s perception of 
the credit quality of the underlying Reference Entities within the relevant index. The Reference Entities included 
in an Index CDS will typically have certain specified characteristics in common, such as type of obligor (e.g., 
corporate, municipal or sovereign); geographic region (e.g., North America, Europe, Asia or emerging markets); 
and/or credit rating category (e.g., investment grade or high yield). These characteristics may be relevant to the 
probability of a Credit Event occurring under the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, as Credit Events may be more likely for Reference Entities with certain of 
these characteristics than for others. The market’s perception of the credit quality of the underlying Reference 
Entities may be highly volatile and may change very rapidly following the availability of new information. The 
market for Index CDSs has been subject to significant distortions from time to time in the past as a result of the 
actions of one or a small number of market participants that may take large positions in an Index CDS. These 
distortions have in the past led, and may in the future lead, to a high degree of volatility, as well as a wide and 
potentially unsustainable divergence between the market price of Index CDSs and the price that would be 
expected based on the market price of credit default swaps on the underlying Reference Entities. The Issuer, the 
Dealer, the Calculation Agent or one or more of their respective affiliates’ trading activities may represent a 
significant portion of the market for particular Index CDS and, the Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent or 
one or more of their respective affiliates may be a contributor to such volatility and distortions. Accordingly, 
investors should note that they could be exposed to the volatility with respect to the Index CDS which could 
have an impact on the market value of the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes, as applicable, over time.  
Given that the risks of an Index CDS will vary depending on the characteristics of the underlying Reference 
Entities, investors should carefully review the list of Reference Entities that constitute the Index CDS referenced 
in the Issue Terms and evaluate whether such exposure meets its stated objectives and is representative of the 
market to which exposure is required. In addition, investors should understand that the Reference Entities in an 
index of investment grade Reference Entities may be investment grade rated only at inception of the index or 
relevant series of the index, and that such Reference Entities may be downgraded thereafter.  
Investors should also note that there is no guarantee that there will be a liquid market for any particular Index 
CDS. An index sponsor may publish a new series of an underlying index from time to time (for example, every

--- Page 80 ---
RISK FACTORS 
80 
six months). Market liquidity is often concentrated in the most recent series and may decline for a given Index 
CDS when a new series of the index is published. 
Investors should note that the index sponsor may calculate the published spread or price for an Index CDS based 
on a poll of dealers. The Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent or one or more of their affiliates may be one 
of the dealers polled by the index sponsor and, if so, the actions of the Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent 
or one or more of their respective affiliates in such circumstances could affect the published spread or price. In 
addition, the Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent or one or more of their respective affiliates may 
participate, together with other dealers, in the process or advisory committees by which the index sponsor 
determines the composition of the Index CDS and makes certain other determinations with respect to the index, 
including the removal of Reference Entities or reference obligations from the Index CDS. In taking any such 
actions, the Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent or one or more of their respective affiliates has no 
obligation to consider the interests of any investor under the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes, as applicable. Investors should therefore be aware that any such action by the 
Issuer, the Dealer, the Calculation Agent or one or more of their respective affiliates could affect the Index CDS 
and therefore also adversely affect the market value of the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes, as applicable. See also “Potential conflicts of interest” above.  
Unless stated otherwise in the Issue Terms, a Merger Event will not apply to any Index Untranched Credit 
Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and therefore such Credit Linked Notes will not early 
redeem where a Reference Entity becomes an affiliate of the protection seller or one such entity merges with or 
makes a substantial asset transfer to the other. 
In addition, investors are exposed to losses arising from Credit Events in relation to Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes only to the extent that aggregate losses exceed the 
“attachment point” but remain less than the “detachment point” of the tranche. The likelihood that an investor 
will be exposed to losses is therefore greater for more subordinated tranches (i.e. those with a lower attachment 
point in relation to portfolio size). 
In addition, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, as applicable 
(other than the most senior tranches) are leveraged instruments because investors may incur losses on an 
accelerated basis relative to aggregate losses on the portfolio. Investors will not owe any payment for losses 
unless and until aggregate losses on the portfolio exceed the attachment point, but investors will be exposed to 
losses equal to the entire notional amount of the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes (as applicable) if aggregate losses on the portfolio reach the detachment point. Therefore, 
the smaller the tranche size relative to the implied notional amount of the entire portfolio, the greater the degree 
of leverage. For any given portfolio of Reference Entities, the lower the attachment point and the greater the 
leverage, the greater the risk for the investor where acting as though it were a protection seller. However, this 
does not mean that the most senior tranches present low risks for protection sellers.  
The value of such Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, as 
applicable, will be influenced by the valuation factors described above in the risk factor entitled “Volatile 
prices” described above but in addition, the value of such Credit Linked Note will be influenced by expectations 
about “default correlation,” among other model-dependent factors. Default correlation refers to the likelihood 
of any given number of Reference Entities experiencing a Credit Event over any given time period. Changes in 
default correlation affect tranches of different seniority differently. In general, from the perspective of an 
investor acting as though it were a protection seller, holding all other factors constant: (i) a decrease in default 
correlation will decrease the value of the most junior tranche (i.e., the tranche with the lowest attachment point), 
because it will represent an increase in the expected probability of losses on that tranche; (ii) an increase in 
default correlation will decrease the value of the most senior tranche (i.e., the tranche with the highest 
attachment point), because it will represent an increase in the expected probability of losses on that tranche; and

--- Page 81 ---
RISK FACTORS 
81 
(iii) any increase or decrease in default correlation may either increase or decrease the value of mezzanine 
tranches (i.e., tranches between the most junior and most senior tranches), depending on a complex interplay of 
various factors.  
The degree of default correlation among the Reference Entities in a given portfolio may be influenced by 
numerous factors, including whether the Reference Entities operate in similar industries or geographic regions 
and whether the Reference Entities have similar levels of leverage (i.e., debt relative to equity). Default 
correlation tends to increase during economic downturns and decrease during periods of economic growth. 
Accordingly, although the most senior tranches are generally less risky to a protection seller than the most junior 
tranches, in certain circumstances (including during an economic downturn), the most senior tranches will tend 
to lose value from the perspective of the protection seller at a faster rate than the most junior tranches. In 
circumstances where Reference Entities in a portfolio are widely affected, a protection seller under a senior 
tranche may incur losses equal to the entire notional amount, in which case the senior tranche will prove to have 
been no less risky than junior tranches. Default correlation may change significantly, and in some cases abruptly, 
with changes in market conditions.  
Default correlation is difficult to estimate, and different market participants may calculate it in different ways 
and may change the ways in which they calculate it over time which may be adverse to an investor in an Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Note or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note, as applicable. Accordingly, the 
valuation of such Credit Linked Notes is subject to “model risk” (i.e., the risk that a valuation model does not 
accurately depict the value of a tranche or the relationship between tranche values) which may result in 
significant losses where certain strategies based on modelled relations between the values of tranches break 
down. 
The terms and conditions of the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, 
as applicable, may provide for changes in the constituents of the index or portfolio of Reference Entities, as 
applicable, upon the occurrence of certain events, such as the determination of a Successor. These changes may 
affect the level of default correlation among the Reference Entities in the portfolio and, therefore, the value of 
such Credit Linked Notes.  
Investors should note that an investment in relation to Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note which is based 
on a bespoke portfolio of Reference Entity may have significantly less liquidity than there is for an investment 
in an Index Tranched Credit Linked Note which references a standardised Index CDS. Accordingly, the 
valuation of the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note which is more bespoke may be more complex and 
introduces greater model risk than the Index Tranched Credit Linked Note. 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes – adjustments 
Investors should further note that in the case of an Index Untranched Credit Linked Note, if a DC Credit Event 
Announcement occurs in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring with respect to a component Reference Entity of 
the relevant Index, such Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes will be amended without the consent of the 
Noteholders to reflect the creation of a “New Single Name Credit Linked Note” having economic terms as 
closely as possible preserving the economic equivalent of the relevant Credit Linked Notes immediately before 
the DC Credit Event Announcement which may be redeemed following exercise in accordance with the terms 
of the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes. Any such amendment may adversely affect investors. 
Risks relating to Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked 
Notes 
Local access risks  
Credit Linked Notes may reference the Reference Investor Assets of either a single Reference Entity, in the case 
of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes, or two or more Reference Entities, in the case of Local

--- Page 82 ---
RISK FACTORS 
82 
Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, incorporated in or from a local access jurisdiction. An investment in such 
Credit Linked Notes involves risks associated with such jurisdictions, including potential risks of volatility, 
governmental intervention and the lack of a developed system of law.  
Investors should note that it is a general feature of local access jurisdictions that they may be subject to rapid 
change and the risks involved may also change relatively quickly. With respect to any local access nation, there 
is the possibility of nationalisation, expropriation or confiscation, political changes, government regulation, 
social instability or other developments (including war) which could affect adversely the economies of such 
nations and/or the foreign exchange rates. Political or economic instability may affect investor confidence, 
which could in turn have a negative impact on the value of the Reference Investor Assets of the local access 
Reference Entity or its creditworthiness and on foreign exchange markets. 
Conditions in local access countries are associated with higher risks of the occurrence of a Risk Event, which 
may occur together with circumstances that would restrict the deliverability of any Reference Asset, or which 
may result in especially adverse pricing and liquidity conditions in which a market value for such Reference 
Asset is to be determined. 
Local access debt typically comprises debt issued by non-highly rated issuers in respect of whom the possibility 
of default is greater than investment grade issuers. Local access considerations, in addition to and in 
combination with other conditions affecting the creditworthiness of a Reference Entity (including those 
resulting in a local access Reference Entity experiencing financial or economic difficulties), may significantly 
affect (i) the value of, and (ii) any amounts paid on, its Obligation(s) and/or any Reference Obligation(s) and/or 
any Deliverable Obligation(s) and/or Reference Asset(s) (if any), each or all of which may be reduced to zero. 
Local access debt may be difficult to buy and/or sell, particularly during adverse market conditions, and prices 
may be more volatile. In addition, settlement of trades in emerging or developing countries may be slower and 
more likely to be subject to failure than in more developed markets. This will affect the ability of the Issuer or 
the Calculation Agent (as the case may be) to obtain prices for the Obligation(s) of the Reference Entity or any 
Reference Obligation(s) or any Deliverable Obligation(s) or any Reference Asset(s) (if any). 
Risk Events  
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes may be redeemed 
pursuant to the occurrence of any Credit Event or an Additional Risk Event (together, the “Risk Events”) in 
respect of one or more Reference Entities and, in either case, unless the Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes are fixed recovery, on the value of certain specified 
assets of any such Reference Entities or where, if any of such events has occurred, on settlement the Issuer’s 
obligation is to deliver certain specified assets. Any such settlement will be reduced to take into account any 
Unwind Costs and so will depend upon the level of such Unwind Costs. 
Additional Risk Events are indicative of defaults or risks specific to certain local access jurisdictions and will 
apply to Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes to the 
extent that such events apply in the relevant Issue Terms. Prospective investors should note that not all possible 
Additional Risk Events are related directly to default or credit risk in respect of a Reference Entity or default in 
respect of the Reference Investor Assets and such Additional Risk Events may include, without limitation, the 
occurrence of one or more of the following: 
(a) 
an Inconvertibility Event – the occurrence after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of any event or 
condition that has the effect of it being impossible, illegal or impracticable for, or of prohibiting, 
restricting or materially delaying the ability of, any Reference Investor (i) to convert currency; or (ii) to 
effect currency transactions on terms as favourable as those available to residents of the Reference 
Jurisdiction; or (iii) to freely and unconditionally transfer or repatriate any funds from accounts inside

--- Page 83 ---
RISK FACTORS 
83 
the Reference Jurisdiction to accounts outside the Reference Jurisdiction or between accounts inside the 
Reference Jurisdiction; or (iv) to receive the full value of any cash payment made under the Reference 
Investor Assets due to the introduction after the Additional Risk Event Start Date by any Governmental 
Authority of a new currency regime (including the introduction of a dual currency regime) or the 
imposition of currency exchange limitations; 
(b) 
an Ownership Restriction Event – the occurrence after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of any event 
or existence of any condition that has the effect of it being illegal, impossible or impracticable for, or 
has the effect of prohibiting, restricting or materially delaying the ability of, any Reference Investor to 
purchase, hold, receive, sell, freely transfer or remain the owner of any Reference Investor Asset or any 
amount received in respect thereof;  
(c) 
a Settlement/Custodial Event – (i) the occurrence after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of the 
bankruptcy of any Custodian or (ii) in respect of the Reference Investor Assets owned by a Reference 
Investor or any amount received in respect thereof, a Custodian (A) fails to perform in a timely manner 
any or all of its obligations owed under any Reference Custodial/Settlement Arrangement, or (B) fails 
to take any action when instructed to do so by a Reference Investor, or (C) takes any action which is 
contrary to the terms of any Reference Custodial/Settlement Arrangement; in each case that affects or 
may affect, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the hedging arrangements of the Issuer and/or 
any of its Affiliates in respect of the Issuer’s obligations with respect to the Local Access Single Name 
Credit Linked Note(s) or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note(s); 
(d) 
a Reference Assets Liquidation Value Trigger Event – in respect of Local Access Basket Credit Linked 
Notes only, the delivery after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of a notification from the Calculation 
Agent (acting in its sole and absolute discretion) to the Issuer that it has determined that the weighted 
average of the Reference Assets Liquidation Value of the Reference Assets of each Reference Entity then 
comprising the Reference Registry is equal to or less than the Reference Assets Trigger Level of the 
aggregate Settlement Currency Principal Amount of all Reference Assets; 
(e) 
a Non-Viability Trigger Event – the occurrence after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of such event 
as defined under and occurring pursuant to the terms of the Reference Assets Conditions relating to the 
relevant Reference Asset (including (i) any relevant authority having decided that without a conversion 
or write-off with respect to the Reference Entity, the Reference Entity would become non-viable; (ii) 
any relevant authority having decided that a public sector injection of capital or equivalent support is 
necessary with respect to the Reference Entity, without which the Reference Entity would become non-
viable; (iii) any relevant capital adequacy ratio with respect to the Reference Entity falling below the 
relevant percentage and/or threshold prescribed in the Reference Assets Conditions and/or (iv) any other 
events (however described) which are similar in nature to the events described in (i) to (iii)), provided 
that the Calculation Agent may determine any such event under and occurring pursuant to the terms of 
the Reference Assets Conditions relating to such Reference Assets and/or the Reference Entity 
constitutes a Non-Viability Trigget Event;  
(f) 
a Market Value Trigger Event – the delivery after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of a notification 
from the Calculation Agent (acting in its sole and absolute discretion) to the Issuer that it has determined 
that on any Business Day the Fair Market Value of the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, is equal to, or less than, the Market Value 
Trigger Level of the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked Notes on such date;  
(g) 
a Reference Assets Restructuring Event – the cancellation, reduction, suspension or deferral (in whole 
or in part) after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of any interest, dividend or any other form of 
distribution in respect of the Reference Assets underlying the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked

--- Page 84 ---
RISK FACTORS 
84 
Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, on the due date for payment thereof 
(whether under the Reference Assets Conditions or otherwise) or, in respect of such Reference Assets, a 
reduction in its rate of interest, dividend or distribution from the rate of interest, divided or distribution 
applicable to such Reference Assets on the Issue Date, in each case for any reason whatsoever; and 
(h) 
any other Additional Risk Event specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.   
The loss incurred by an investor may be unrelated to or disproportionate in comparison with the Additional 
Risk Event itself. Moreover, the Calculation Agent may designate an Additional Risk Event, which could cause 
such losses to be incurred by an investor, if the Additional Risk Event occurs at any time during the term of the 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, whether or not 
the Additional Risk Event is ongoing or effective or has been remedied or cured at the time such designation 
has been made. 
Exposure to Reference Asset 
In respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes for 
which Reference Assets Only Settlement is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, following a 
Risk Event, the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes 
will be redeemed by valuation or delivery (as applicable) of the Reference Asset in respect of a Reference Entity 
(rather than obligations of the relevant Reference Entity generally). It follows therefore that returns on such 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes may be adversely 
affected by circumstances affecting the Reference Asset even where other obligations of the Reference Entity 
are not affected. The creditworthiness or market value of the relevant Reference Asset may be less favourable 
than other obligations of the relevant Reference Entity due to liquidity, marketability, circumstances of 
origination, legal or validity risks, local access risks described below, or one or more other characteristics. 
Investors in the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes 
should understand that their recovery in relation to the relevant Reference Asset may be substantially less than 
for more generally representative obligations of the relevant Reference Entity. 
Currency Risks 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes may be payable 
in a currency different from the currency in which a Reference Asset is payable, and may have economic 
features equivalent to a currency derivative in which the cash flows on such Reference Asset are exchanged for 
the specified cash flows payable on the Notes.  
Investors may therefore be exposed to fluctuations in the relevant exchange rate where ongoing calculations 
under the Notes include a currency exchange rate or due to Unwind Costs which may be deducted on certain 
redemptions of the Notes (for example following a Risk Event) and which may include one or more components 
linked to the currency of the Notes and/or a Reference Asset and/or the costs of termination or replacement of 
any such embedded currency derivative and may be substantially affected by changes in the relative value of 
such currencies. 
Exchange rates can be volatile and unpredictable. Investors should be aware of the possibility of significant 
changes in rates of exchange between the currency of the Notes and the currency of a Reference Asset. The 
value of the Notes on any date may be substantially less than would otherwise be the case if a currency exchange 
rate is included in ongoing calculations under the Notes and the currency in which a Reference Asset is payable 
depreciates in value relative to the currency in which the Notes are payable or, if the Notes reflect an embedded 
currency derivative and the currency in which a Reference Asset is payable appreciates in value relative to the 
currency in which the Notes are payable (due to the potential deduction of Unwind Costs, which may be 
substantial, if the Notes are redeemed).

--- Page 85 ---
RISK FACTORS 
85 
Prospective investors should in particular be aware that, due to exchange rate fluctuations as well as the other 
risks set out herein and depending upon the terms of the Notes: 
(a) 
the market price of the Notes may be very volatile; 
(b) 
payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time or in a different currency than expected; 
(c) 
they may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal and/or interest payments;  
(d) 
the relevant currencies may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in 
interest rates, currencies or other indices; and 
(e) 
the timing of changes in a relevant currency may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average 
level is consistent with their expectations.  
In general, the earlier the change in the relevant currency, the greater the effect on yield will be. 
Adjustment following a Regulatory Change Event 
Where “2014 Reference Entity” applies and the Calculation Agent determines that a Regulatory Change Event 
has occurred or exists then any payment or delivery to an investor shall be reduced by an amount equal in value 
to the allocable proportion of the Regulatory Change Cost, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
discretion. Investors may therefore receive back less than their initial investment or, in the case of redemption 
following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk Event, losses may be greater than if the investor were to hold 
obligations of the Reference Entity directly. 
Adjustment in respect of an Interest Tax Deduction Amount or Principal Tax Deduction Amount 
If (i) “2014 Reference Entity” and (ii) “Tax Deduction Event – Principal” and “Tax Deduction Event – Interest” 
are specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and the Calculation Agent determines that there would 
be an Interest Tax Deduction Amount and/or a Principal Tax Deduction Amount in respect of amounts that 
would be received by a Reference Investor in respect of the Reference Investor Assets, then any relevant 
payment of interest or principal (as applicable) or amount of LA Settlement Assets to be delivered to 
Noteholders shall be reduced by an amount (in aggregate as applicable) equal in value to the allocable 
proportion of the Interest Tax Deduction Amount or Principal Tax Deduction Amount, as applicable, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. Investors may therefore receive less than their initial investment or, in the 
case of redemption following a Risk Event, losses may be greater than if the investor were to hold obligations 
of the Reference Entity directly. 
RISKS SPECIFIC TO INDEX SKEW NOTES 
The Index Skew Notes are linked, through a Hypothetical Skew Transaction constituting a combination of (i) 
an index linked credit derivative transaction (“Index CDS”) and (ii) individual credit default swaps on the 
Reference Entities included in the index underlying the Index CDS (the “component CDSs”). Where the Issuer 
is the protection seller under the Index CDS it is the protection buyer under the component CDSs, and vice 
versa. The value of the combined positions reflects the difference (the “skew”) between the value of the Index 
CDS and the aggregate value of its component CDSs. Although each constituent of the Hypothetical Skew 
Transaction is intended to give rise to an equal and opposite payment obligation on each Fixed Rate Payer 
Payment Date, Auction Settlement Date or Cash Settlement Date (as applicable), no actual payments will be 
due from the Issuer to the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty or vice versa due to the application of payment 
netting. 
The value of an Index CDS may differ from the aggregate value of its component CDSs for several reasons, 
including (a) differences in liquidity and other characteristics in the markets for the Index CDS and the

--- Page 86 ---
RISK FACTORS 
86 
component CDSs; (b) differences in relevant terms of the Index CDS and its component CDSs; (c) factors that 
affect the activities of arbitrageurs; and (d) changes in the default correlation among the Reference Entities 
included in the Index CDS. 
As the notional of the Hypothetical Skew Transactions may be far greater than the principal amount issued 
under the Index Skew Notes, the value of the Index Skew Notes may be very volatile and any Index Skew Early 
Redemption Amount will be linked to, among other things, the difference between the pricing of credit 
protection on the relevant index and the market levels of the constituent single name Reference Entities that 
comprise the relevant index.  
Liquidity differences may make a greater contribution to skew during periods of heightened volatility, as the 
value of the more liquid instrument(s) may change more quickly than the value of the less liquid instrument(s). 
Furthermore, during periods when transaction costs (such as funding costs and bid-ask spreads) to market 
participants increase, skew may become greater, as the increased transaction costs may reduce the activities of 
arbitrageurs (i.e. market participants that seek to profit from the skew and, in the process, tend to reduce it). 
Although the payments under a Hypothetical Skew Transaction is intended to be equal to zero due to the 
application of payment netting as described above, if the Index Skew Notes were to be redeemed early 
(including pursuant to an Early Redemption Event such as a Section 871(m) Event or a Hedging Disruption 
Early Termination Event), a termination payment would be determined in respect of each constituent transaction 
within the relevant Hypothetical Skew Transactions and the aggregate of such termination payments may result 
in an amount being payable by the Issuer to the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty or by the Hypothetical Swap 
Counterparty to the Issuer which could result in the Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount 
(as the case may be) due to Noteholders being reduced further if the Issuer is required to make a payment to the 
Hypothetical Swap Counterparty for such termination payment or if the Issuer is subject to further Unwind 
Costs. 
In addition, prospective investors in the Index Skew Notes should be aware that no notifications shall be given 
by the Issuer or any other party to Noteholders following the occurrence of a Credit Event. To the extent that 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee determines that a Credit Event has occurred in 
respect of a particular entity, information will be published on the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees website at https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor website).

--- Page 87 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
87 
SECTION C – INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
General 
Before investing in Notes you should determine whether an investment in Notes is appropriate in your particular 
circumstances and should consult with your legal, business and tax advisers to determine the consequences of 
an investment in Notes and to arrive at your own evaluation of the investment. In particular, the Issuer and the 
applicable Guarantor recommend that you take independent tax advice before committing to purchase any 
Notes. None of the Issuer and the Guarantor provides tax advice and therefore responsibility for any tax 
implications of investing in any Notes rests entirely with you. You should note that the tax treatment will differ 
from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. You will assume and be solely responsible for any and all taxes of any 
jurisdiction or governmental or regulatory authority, including (without limitation) any state or local taxes or 
other similar assessment or charge that may be applicable to any payment in respect of the Notes. 
An investment in Notes is only suitable for you if you: 
(a) 
have the requisite knowledge and experience in financial and business matters to evaluate the merits and 
risks of an investment in Notes; 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate such merits and risks in the 
context of your financial situation; 
(c) 
are capable of bearing the economic risk of an investment in Notes for an indefinite period of time; and 
(d) 
recognise that it may not be possible to dispose of Notes for a substantial period of time, if at all. 
You should make your own independent decision to invest in Notes and as to whether the investment in Notes 
is appropriate or proper for you based upon your own judgement and upon advice from such advisers as you 
may deem necessary. You should not rely on any communication (written or oral) of the Issuer, any Guarantor, 
any Dealer or any of their affiliates or their respective officers or agents as investment advice or as a 
recommendation to invest in Notes, it being understood that information and explanations related to Notes shall 
not be considered to be investment advice or a recommendation to invest in Notes. No communication (written 
or oral) received from the Issuer, any Guarantor, any Dealer or any of their affiliates or their respective officers 
or agents shall be deemed to be an assurance or guarantee as to the expected results of an investment in Notes. 
Change of law (including applicable tax law) or tax practice 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are based on relevant laws in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to such laws or 
administrative practices after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could materially adversely 
impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
In addition, any relevant tax law, regulations or practice applicable as at the date of this Base Prospectus and/or 
the date of purchase or subscription of any Notes may change at any time (including during any subscription 
period or the term of any Notes) and it is not possible to predict the precise tax treatment which will apply to 
the Notes at any given time. Any such change may have an adverse effect on you including that your Notes may 
be redeemed before their due date, their liquidity may decrease and/or the tax treatment of amounts payable or 
receivable by or to you may be less favourable than otherwise expected by you. 
Hedging arrangements in respect of the Notes 
Any Issuer, and/or the CGMHI Guarantor and/or the CGMFL Guarantor and/or any of their affiliates may enter 
into arrangements to hedge the Issuer’s and/or, the CGMHI Guarantor’s and/or the CGMFL Guarantor’s 
obligations under the Notes and/or the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and/or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee but

--- Page 88 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
88 
are not required to do so. If they do so, any Issuer and/or the CGMHI Guarantor and/or the CGMFL Guarantor 
and/or any such affiliate will have certain rights under such hedging arrangements and may pursue actions and 
take steps that they deem appropriate to protect their own interests under such hedging arrangements without 
regard to the consequences for Noteholders. You will not have recourse to the applicable counterparty under 
any such hedging arrangements and any such hedging arrangements will not confer any rights or entitlements 
on any Noteholders and will constitute separate obligations of the Issuer and/or the CGMHI Guarantor and/or 
the CGMFL Guarantor and/or any such affiliate. In addition, such hedging arrangements may give rise to 
Unwind Costs and amounts payable to Noteholders may accordingly be reduced by each Noteholder’s pro rata 
share of such Unwind Costs. 
If you intend to purchase Notes to hedge against the market risk associated with investing in the particular 
Reference Item(s), you should recognise the complexities of utilising Notes in this manner. For example, the 
value of the relevant Notes may not exactly correlate with the value of the relevant Reference Item(s). Due to 
fluctuating supply and demand for Notes, there is no assurance that their value will correlate with movements 
of the Reference Item(s). For these reasons, among others, it may not be possible to purchase or liquidate 
securities in a portfolio at the prices used to calculate the value of any relevant Reference Item, and you may 
suffer a loss due to the price difference between the Notes and the Reference Item you are hedging against. 
Leveraging 
Borrowing to fund the purchase of the Notes (leveraging) can have a significant negative impact on the value 
of, and return on, the investment. If you consider leveraging the Notes, you should obtain further detailed 
information as to the applicable risks from the leverage provider. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks of an investment in Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to securities issued under the 
Programme, including any Notes. The credit rating agencies may have different rating methodologies, criteria, 
models and requirements from one another. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related 
to structure, market and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be reduced, withdrawn or qualified by the rating agency 
at any time. If the ratings on any Notes are reduced, withdrawn or qualified, it could adversely affect the liquidity 
or the market value of such Notes.  
Additionally, the global landscape of financial sector regulation itself is undergoing significant change. In the 
U.S., the Dodd-Frank Act, among other things, expands regulatory oversight of Citigroup Inc. (and its 
subsidiaries) and credit rating agencies. It is not clear how this expanded regulatory oversight will impact the 
ratings on the Notes or the rating of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and/or the CGMFL Guarantor. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and registered 
under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit 
ratings issued by non-EU credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-
registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or 
suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). If the status of the rating 
agency rating the Notes changes, European regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for 
regulatory purposes and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment. This may result in European 
regulated investors selling the Notes which may impact the value of the Notes and any secondary market. The 
list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there

--- Page 89 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
89 
may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the 
publication of the updated ESMA list. 
Information relating to the current ratings of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI and CGML is available at 
www.citigroup.com. 
Certain factors affecting the value and trading price of Notes  
The amounts due and/or value of any assets to be delivered in respect of the Notes at any time prior to the 
relevant maturity date is typically expected to be less than the trading price of such Notes at that time. The 
difference between the trading price and such amounts due and/or value of any assets to be delivered, as the 
case may be, will reflect, among other things, the “time value” of the Notes. The “time value” of the Notes will 
depend partly upon the length of the period remaining to maturity and expectations concerning the value of the 
Reference Item(s).  
Notes pose some additional risks with regard to interim value. The interim value of Notes varies as the price or 
level of the Reference Item(s) varies, as well as due to a number of other interrelated factors, including (i) the 
trading price of the relevant Notes, (ii) the value and volatility of the Reference Item(s), (iii) the remaining 
tenor, (iv) in the case of cash settled Notes, the probable range of any Redemption Amounts, (v) any change(s) 
in interim interest rates and dividend yields if applicable, (vi) any change(s) in currency exchange rates, (vii) 
the depth of the market or liquidity of the Reference Item(s) and (viii) any related transaction costs. 
Any sale of Notes prior to their scheduled redemption may be at a substantial discount from the original 
purchase price and you may lose some or all of your investment. 
The unavailability, disruption or discontinuance of any interest rate to which the Notes are linked will 
result in the application of certain fallback provisions  
The unavailability, disruption or discontinuance of any interest rate to which the Notes are linked will result in 
the application of certain fallback provisions. Such fallback provisions as described in General Condition 
6(b)(vi) (Redemption or adjustment for benchmark events) apply as follows: 
USD LIBOR: 
(a) 
If a Benchmark Transition Event occurs and if the applicable Issue Terms specify U.S. Dollar LIBOR 
(“USD LIBOR”) to be applicable in respect of the Notes, General Condition 6(b)(vi)(C) (USD LIBOR 
Fallback Provisions) (the “USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions”) shall apply.  
(b) 
A Benchmark Transition Event occurs with respect to a USD Benchmark (which could be USD LIBOR 
or the relevant Benchmark Replacement) where there has been a public statement or publication of 
information by, amongst others, the administrator of the USD Benchmark which states that the 
administrator of the USD Benchmark has ceased or will cease to provide the USD Benchmark 
permanently or indefinitely, or by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the USD Benchmark 
announcing that the USD Benchmark is no longer representative, or as of a specified future date will no 
longer be capable of being representative, of any relevant underlying market(s) or economic reality that 
such USD Benchmark is intended to measure. 
(c) 
If the Determination Agent cannot determine the relevant USD Benchmark by interpolating from other 
tenors of the USD Benchmark, the next-available alternative under the USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions 
will apply to replace the relevant USD Benchmark in respect of the Notes. In order, these replacement 
alternatives are as follows: 
(i) 
the replacement rate shall be the applicable fallback reference rate as determined by the 
International Swap Dealers Association, Inc. (“ISDA”), together with an adjustment;

--- Page 90 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
90 
(ii) 
if (i) is not available, if a form of Term SOFR has been selected or recommended by the Relevant 
Governmental Body, then the replacement rate shall be such Term SOFR, together with an 
adjustment; 
(iii) 
if (i) and (ii) are not available, if a form of compounded SOFR has been selected or recommended 
by the Relevant Governmental Body or alternatively the Determination Agent, then the 
replacement rate shall be such Compounded SOFR, together with an adjustment; 
(iv) 
if (i), (ii) and (iii) are not available, if an alternate rate of interest has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body, then the replacement rate shall be such 
alternate rate, together with an adjustment; and 
(v) 
if (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) are not available, then the replacement rate shall be as determined by the 
Determination Agent, together with an adjustment. 
(d) 
The Determination Agent has powers to make conforming changes to the terms of the Notes as it decides 
may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of the replacement rate, and to determine a USD Benchmark 
to apply in respect of the Notes on an interim basis. For related risks, see “Interest on Notes linked to 
USD LIBOR will be calculated using a Benchmark Replacement selected by the Determination Agent if 
a Benchmark Transition Event occurs” above. 
Cessation or Non-Representativeness of LIBOR 
On 5 March 2021, ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (“IBA”), the authorised and regulated administrator 
of LIBOR, announced its intention to cease the publication of all 35 LIBOR settings on 31 December 2021, or 
for certain U.S. dollars LIBOR settings, on 30 June 2023 (the “IBA Announcement”). The IBA notified the 
FCA of its intention and on the same date, the FCA published an announcement on the future cessation and loss 
of representativeness of the 35 LIBOR benchmarks (the “FCA Announcement”). The FCA Announcement 
states that all 35 LIBOR maturities and currencies will either cease to be published by any administrator or will 
no longer be representative as follows: 
(a) 
all 7 euro LIBOR (“EUR LIBOR”) settings, all 7 Swiss franc LIBOR (“CHF LIBOR”) settings, the 
Spot Next, 1-week, 2-month and 12-month Japanese yen LIBOR (“JPY LIBOR”) settings, the 
overnight, 1-week, 2-month and 12-month GBP LIBOR settings, and the 1-week and 2-month USD 
LIBOR settings will cease to be published immediately after 31 December 2021; 
(b) 
the overnight and 12-month USD LIBOR settings will cease to be published immediately after 30 June 
2023; 
(c) 
the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month JPY LIBOR settings and the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month GBP 
LIBOR settings will no longer be representative immediately after 31 December 2021; and 
(d) 
the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month USD LIBOR settings will no longer be representative immediately 
after 30 June 2023. 
On 8 September 2021, the Critical Benchmarks (References and Administrators’ Liability) Bill (the “Bill”) was 
introduced to the House of Lords and had its first reading. 
The Bill has been designed specifically in light of the FCA’s new powers under the Financial Services Act 2021 
to designate a critical benchmark (or specified tenors/currencies of such benchmark) as an A.23A benchmark 
under the UK Benchmarks Regulation where it is not representative of the market or economic reality it is 
intended to measure or the representativeness of the benchmark is at risk and the representativeness of the 
benchmark cannot or should be maintained or restored. These powers would enable the FCA to change the

--- Page 91 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
91 
LIBOR methodology so as to allow the LIBOR rate on the reference screen to continue to be published on the 
basis of the revised methodology: “synthetic LIBOR”. Further detail applies, but among other things, the Bill 
introduces provisions intended to have the statutory effect under English law governed contracts of ensuring 
that references to LIBOR will be construed to include synthetic LIBOR. 
In June 2021, the FCA consulted on its proposed decision to require synthetic LIBOR for 1-month, 3-month 
and 6-month sterling and JPY LIBOR settings and has since confirmed the methodology that it will require ICE 
Benchmark Administration to use to calculate such rates. 
As of 1 January 2022, the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month GBP and JPY settings (“Synthetic LIBOR”) will be 
designated by the FCA as A.23A benchmarks. As of this date, any new use (within the meaning given to such 
term in the UK Benchmarks Regulation) of Synthetic LIBOR by any supervised entity in scope of the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation will be prohibited. Legacy use (within the meaning given to such term in the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation) of Synthetic LIBOR by supervised entities in scope of the UK Benchmarks Regulation 
will however be permitted until further notice, except in cleared derivatives transactions. 
Such Synthetic LIBOR will be calculated on a forward-looking term basis plus a fixed spread but, there is no 
guarantee that any such rate will be similar to the original LIBOR rate. In addition, there is no guarantee as to 
how long any Synthetic LIBOR rate will be available. The FCA only intend to compel publication of the 1, 3 
and 6 month JPY LIBOR settings for one year until the end of 2022. No clear statement has been made as to 
how long the FCA intend to compel publication of the 1, 3 and 6 month GBP LIBOR settings. No decision has 
been made on the introduction of synthetic LIBOR for those USD LIBOR settings continuing until June 2023 
but "new use" (within the meaning given to such term in the UK Benchmarks Regulation) of these USD LIBOR 
settings by supervised entities will be prohibited from 1 January 2022. 
Impacted Rates: 
(a) 
If a Reference Rate Event occurs and if the applicable Issue Terms specify any Impacted Rate to be 
applicable in respect of the Notes, provided that the USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions do not apply to 
the relevant Impacted Rate as a result of the relevant event or circumstance, General Condition 
6(b)(vi)(D) (Reference Rate Event Provisions) (the “Reference Rate Event Provisions”) shall apply. 
(b) 
A Reference Rate Event occurs with respect to an Impacted Rate (which means any interest rate 
howsoever described in the Conditions and as amended from time to time pursuant to the provisions of 
the Reference Rate Event Provisions) where the Determination Agent determines that (i) the Impacted 
Rate has been or will be materially changed, has ceased or will cease to be provided permanently or 
indefinitely and there is no successor administrator or provider that will continue to provide the 
Reference Rate, or a regulator or other official sector entity has prohibited or will prohibit the use of or 
it is otherwise not permitted to use such Impacted Rate in respect of the Notes; (ii) any authorisation or 
similar in respect of the Impacted Rate or the administrator or sponsor of the Impacted Rate has not 
been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, refused or similar and as a result the Issuer or any 
other entity is not or will not be permitted under applicable law or regulation to use the relevant Impacted 
Rate to perform its or their obligations under the Notes; (iii) unless the applicable Issue Terms specify 
that “Reference Rate Event (Limb (iii))” does not apply, it is not commercially reasonable to continue 
use of the Impacted Rate due to licensing restrictions or changes in licensing costs; (iv) the administrator 
or sponsor of the relevant Impacted Rate, any national, regional or other supervisory or regulatory 
authority which is responsible for either (x) supervising the administrator or sponsor of the Impacted 
Rate or (y) regulating the Impacted Rate, the central bank for the currency of the Impacted Rate or other 
official body with applicable responsibility announcing that the Impacted Rate is no longer, or as of a 
specified future date will no longer be, representative of any underlying market and economic reality 
that such Impacted Rate is intended to measure and that representativeness will not be restored; or (v)

--- Page 92 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
92 
the relevant Impacted Rate is the subject of any market-wide development in the over-the-counter 
derivatives market (which may be in the form of a protocol, publication of standard terms or otherwise 
by ISDA) pursuant to which such Impacted Rate is or will be replaced with a replacement rate with 
respect to over-the-counter derivatives transactions which reference such Impacted Rate. 
(c) 
The Determination Agent will seek to determine a replacement Impacted Rate which must be one of the 
following: 
(i) 
where applicable, if a replacement Impacted Rate can be determined by interpolating from other 
tenors of the relevant Impacted Rate, such interpolated Impacted Rate, together with an 
adjustment; or 
(ii) 
a pre-nominated Impacted Rate, together with an adjustment; or 
(iii) 
an index, benchmark, other price source or rate or fall-back rate or methodology for calculating 
an index, benchmark, other price source, rate or fall-back rate which is recognised or 
acknowledged as being an industry standard replacement for over-the-counter derivative 
transactions which reference such Impacted Rate, together with an adjustment; or 
(iv) 
an index, benchmark or other price source that the Determination Agent determines to be a 
commercially reasonable alternative for the Reference Rate, together with an adjustment. 
(d) 
In the alternative, the Determination Agent may determine that no replacement Impacted Rate is required 
or may adjust the term of the Notes as it determines necessary or appropriate to account for the effect of 
such Reference Rate Event. Where applicable, if no such determination and/or adjustments are made, 
and if the Determination Agent determines that it is not possible or commercially reasonable to identify 
a replacement Impacted Rate or calculate the relevant adjustment, the Issuer may redeem the Notes early. 
(e) 
The Determination Agent has powers to make amendments to the terms of the Notes as it considers are 
necessary and/or appropriate to account for the effect of the replacement Impacted Rate, and to determine 
the level of the Impacted Rate to apply in respect of the Notes on an interim basis. For related risks, see 
“Interest on Notes linked to an Impacted Rate will be calculated using a Replacement Reference Rate 
selected by the Determination Agent if a Reference Rate Event occurs” above. 
Benchmarks: 
(a) 
If an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs with respect to the relevant rate, provided that the USD 
LIBOR Fallback Provisions and the Reference Rate Event Provisions do not apply to the relevant event 
or 
circumstance, 
General 
Condition 
6(b)(vi)(B) 
(Administrator/Benchmark 
Event) 
(the 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event Provisions”) shall apply. 
(b) 
An Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs with respect to a Benchmark (which means any figure or 
rate and where any amount payable or deliverable under the Notes, or the value of the Notes, is 
determined by reference in whole or in part to such figure or rate) where the Determination Agent 
determines that (i) a Benchmark is materially changed, cancelled or its use is prohibited by a regulator 
or other official sector entity in respect of the Notes; (ii) any authorisation or similar in respect of a 
relevant Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of a relevant Benchmark has not been, or will not 
be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected or similar with the effect that the Issuer or any other entity 
is not, or will not be, permitted under any applicable law or regulation to use the relevant Benchmark to 
perform its or their respective obligations under the Notes; (iii) unless the applicable Issue Terms specify 
that “Administrator/Benchmark Event (iii))” does not apply, it is not commercially reasonable to 
continue use of the Benchmark due to licensing restrictions or changes in licence costs; or (iv) a relevant 
supervisor and/or sponsor officially announces the benchmark is no longer representative, or as of a

--- Page 93 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
93 
specified future date will no longer be capable of being representative, of any relevant underlying 
market(s) or economic reality that such Benchmark is intended to measure. 
(c) 
The Determination Agent may make adjustment(s) to the terms of the Notes as it determines necessary 
or appropriate to account for the effect of the relevant event or circumstance, including, without 
limitation, the selection of a successor benchmark. Alternatively, and if applicable, the Issuer may early 
redeem the Notes. For related risks, see “Risks relating to the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark 
Event” above. 
Notes linked to a Rate: 
If an event or circumstance occurs with respect to a Rate and if the applicable Issue Terms specify a Rate as a 
Reference Item, provided that none of the USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions, the Reference Rate Event 
Provisions, and the Administrator/Benchmark Event Provisions apply to the relevant rate as a result of such 
relevant event or circumstance, the Underlying Rate Fallback Provisions. For related risks, see “Risks relating 
to the discontinuance or unavailability of a Rate” above. 
“General Screen Rate Determination” or “USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination”: 
(a) 
If a floating rate cannot be determined and if the applicable Issue Terms specify any of “General Screen 
Rate Determination” or “USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination” to be applicable, provided that none 
of the USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions, the Reference Rate Event Provisions, the 
Administrator/Benchmark Event Provisions and the Underlying Rate Fallback Provisions apply to the 
relevant floating rate as a result of such relevant event or circumstance, the relevant provisions of 
General Condition 5(c) shall apply. 
(b) 
Where “General Screen Rate Determination” is applicable, if the Page is not available or if no offered 
quotation or fewer than three offered quotations appear (as applicable) or no rate is provided or published 
by the relevant administrator or a relevant authorised distributor or a component of the relevant rate is 
not provided or published (as applicable), in each case as at the Specified Time, or by 10.30 a.m. Sydney 
time in the case of BBSW, the Determination Agent will determine the Screen Rate in good faith and a 
commercially reasonable manner having regard to such source as it deems appropriate and any 
alternative benchmark then available and taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related 
market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market). Such rate may be (without limitation) a 
rate published by another authorised distributor, a rate formally recommended by the administrator of 
the relevant rate or the administrator or supervisor or competent authority responsible for supervising 
such administrator, the last published rate or the arithmetic mean of quotations provided by reference 
banks selected by the Determination Agent. 
(c) 
Where “USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination” is applicable, if the relevant Reference Rate cannot 
be determined, the Determination Agent will determine the Reference Rate as follows: 
(i) 
if two or more offered quotations are provided by Reference Banks, then the Reference Rate for 
the relevant date or period will be the arithmetic average of such quotations; 
(ii) 
if (i) is not available, if three or more New York City banks selected by the Determination Agent 
quote certain rates to leading European banks at approximately 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date, then the Reference Rate for the relevant date or 
period will be the arithmetic average of such rates; or 
(iii) 
if (i) and (ii) are not available, then notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, 
the Reference Rate for the relevant date or period will be such rate as is determined by the 
Determination Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having regard to

--- Page 94 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
94 
alternative benchmarks then available and taking into account prevailing industry standards in 
any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market).  
ISDA Determination: 
Where “ISDA Determination” is selected as the method of calculation of a rate of interest, the relevant rate will 
be determined on the same basis as the rate that would be calculated under an ‘over-the-counter’ derivative 
transaction documented using the market standard interest rate definitions published by ISDA. These definitions 
provide a standard method of calculating interest and include certain ‘fallback’ provisions which may be used 
to determine an interest rate in the event of temporary or permanent discontinuation of the relevant rate. 
However, for the purposes of the Notes, the fallback provisions set out in the relevant ISDA Definitions will 
only apply in certain circumstances as described below. 
The ISDA interest rate definitions have been amended, supplemented and replaced from time to time and, as at 
the date of this document, there are two versions which are relevant for the purposes of the Notes: the 2006 
ISDA Definitions published by ISDA as amended or supplemented from time to time (the “2006 ISDA 
Definitions”) and the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions published by ISDA as restated from 
time to time (the “2021 ISDA Definitions”). The applicable Issue Terms will indicate the version of the ISDA 
Definitions which apply in respect of the Notes. 
(a) 
If a floating rate cannot be determined and if the applicable Issue Terms specify “ISDA Determination” 
to be applicable, provided that none of the USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions, the Reference Rate Event 
Provisions, the Administrator/Benchmark Event Provisions and Underlying Rate Fallback Provisions 
apply to the relevant floating rate as a result of such relevant event or circumstance, the relevant 
provisions of General Condition 5(c) shall apply. 
(b) 
Where “ISDA Determination: 2006 ISDA Definitions” is applicable, if the Determination Agent 
determines that the ISDA Rate cannot be determined, then notwithstanding anything to the contrary in 
the Conditions and prior to the application of any provisions relating to an index cessation event 
(howsoever described) or other permanent cessation fallback provisions in the 2006 ISDA Definitions 
(including where applicable such fallbacks set out in any supplement to the 2006 ISDA Definitions and, 
for the avoidance of doubt, any Discontinued Rates Maturities provisions (as set out in the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions)), the ISDA Rate for the relevant period and/or date shall be such rate as is determined by 
the Determination Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having regard to 
alternative benchmarks then available and taking into account prevailing industry standards in any 
related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market). It should be noted, however, that 
even though relevant fallback provisions may be included in accordance with the terms of the “ISDA 
Determination” itself or the above provision, if prior ranking fallback provisions described in General 
Condition 6(b)(vi)(A) (Hierarchy Provisions and Adjustments) apply then these prior ranking fallback 
provisions will be applied first, meaning that any fallback provisions included as part of “ISDA 
Determination” itself may not apply. 
(c) 
Where “ISDA Determination: 2021 ISDA Definitions” is applicable, any fallback provisions relating to 
temporary cessation will apply in respect of the Notes. However, prior to the application of any 
provisions relating to permanent cessation or an “Administrator/Benchmark Event” (as defined in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions) in the 2021 ISDA Definitions (including, for the avoidance of doubt any 
Discontinued Rates Maturities provisions (as set out in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)), then, subject as 
provided in General Condition 6(b)(vi)(A) (Hierarchy Provisions and Adjustments) and notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary in the Conditions, the ISDA Rate for the relevant period and/or date shall be 
such rate as is determined by the Determination Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner having regard to alternative benchmarks then available and taking into account prevailing

--- Page 95 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
95 
industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market). See 
further “The unavailability, disruption or discontinuance of any interest rate to which the Notes are 
linked will result in the application of certain fallback provisions” above. 
(d) 
For related risks, see “If a floating rate becomes unavailable it may be determined in the Determination 
Agent’s discretion” above. 
“SONIA Screen Rate Determination”, “SOFR Screen Rate Determination”: 
(a) 
If a floating rate cannot be determined and “SONIA Screen Rate Determination” and/or “SOFR Screen 
Rate Determination” are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, provided that none of the Reference 
Rate Event Provisions, the Administrator/Benchmark Event Provisions and Underlying Rate Fallback 
Provisions apply to the relevant floating rate as a result of the relevant event or circumstance, the SONIA 
Non Index Fallback Provisions or SONIA Index Fallback Provisions (as applicable) as described in 
General Condition 5(c)(iv) (SONIA Screen Rate Determination) and/or the SOFR Fallback Provisions 
as described in General Condition 5(c)(v) (SOFR Screen Rate Determination) (respectively) shall apply.  
(b) 
If, in respect of any relevant determination date, a SOFR or SOFR Index value, as applicable, has not 
been provided or published by or on behalf of the relevant administrator (or any successor administrator) 
or authorised distributors or the relevant website is not available, the relevant SONIA Compounded 
Index, SOFR or SOFR Index value, as applicable, will be determined by the Determination Agent in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having regard to such sources as it deems 
appropriate and any alternative benchmark then available and taking into account prevailing industry 
standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market). 
Methodologies for determining interest payable in respect of Notes linked to SONIA or SOFR may 
differ substantially 
The amount of interest payable in respect of Notes linked to SONIA or SOFR will be calculated by reference 
to (i) the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with the daily SONIA or SOFR, as applicable, 
as the reference rate for the calculation of interest); or (ii) where “Index Determination” applies, a screen rate, 
formula or value as may be published by the administrator of SONIA or SOFR, as applicable. The amounts of 
interest determined pursuant to (i) and (ii) may not be similar, and over time the market may adopt an application 
of these methodologies that differs significantly from that set out in the Conditions. For related risks, see 
“Developing markets for SONIA, SOFR and €STR and potential impact on performance and returns” above. 
Failure by the Determination Agent and/or the Issuer to give notice 
Pursuant to the USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions, the Reference Rate Event Provisions and the 
Administrator/Benchmark Event Provisions, the Determination Agent is required to notify the Issuer of certain 
determinations made in accordance with such provisions, and the Issuer is required to notify the Noteholders 
thereof or of certain elections to redeem the Notes. However, failure by the Determination Agent to so notify 
the Issuer or failure by the Issuer to so notify the Noteholders will not affect the validity of any such 
determination or election. 
Considerations relating to linear interpolation provisions 
If “ISDA Determination: 2006 ISDA Definitions” or “ISDA Determination: 2021 ISDA Definitions” applies 
and “2006 ISDA Definitions Linear Interpolation” or “2021 ISDA Definitions Linear Interpolation” also 
applies, then the provisions relating to “Linear Interpolation” as set out in the 2006 ISDA Definitions or 2021 
ISDA Definitions, respectively, will apply to the relevant Floating Rate Option. The Floating Rate Option shall 
be determined at the level of the related swap or hedging arrangement by straight line linear interpolation by 
references to two rates based on the relevant Floating Rate Option, one of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the

--- Page 96 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
96 
relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, provided that if 
there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the calculation 
agent for the relevant swap shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it 
determines appropriate. In such circumstances, the linear interpolation provisions set out in General Condition 
5(n) (Linear Interpolation) shall not apply to the Notes. 
Citigroup Inc., Its Management and Its Businesses Must Continually Review, Analyse and Successfully 
Adapt to Ongoing Regulatory and Legislative Uncertainties and Changes in the U.S. and Globally 
Despite the adoption of final regulations and laws in numerous areas impacting Citigroup Inc. and its businesses 
over the past several years, Citigroup Inc., its management and its businesses continually face ongoing 
regulatory and legislative uncertainties and changes, both in the United States of America (U.S.) and globally. 
While the areas of ongoing regulatory and legislative uncertainties and changes facing Citigroup Inc. are too 
numerous to list completely, various examples include, but are not limited to (i) potential fiscal, monetary, 
regulatory, tax and other changes arising from the U.S. federal government and other governments, including 
as a result of the differing priorities of the current U.S. presidential administration, changes in regulatory 
leadership or focus and actions of Congress or in response to the pandemic; (ii) potential changes to various 
aspects of the regulatory capital framework and requirements applicable to Citigroup Inc.; and (iii) future 
legislative and regulatory requirements in the U.S. and globally related to climate change, including any new 
disclosure requirements. When referring to “regulatory”, Citigroup Inc. is including both formal regulation and 
the views and expectations of its regulators in their supervisory roles. 
U.S. and international regulatory and legislative initiatives have not always been undertaken or implemented 
on a coordinated basis, and areas of divergence have developed and continue to develop with respect to the 
scope, interpretation, timing, structure or approach, leading to inconsistent or even conflicting requirements, 
including within a single jurisdiction. For example, in May 2019, the European Commission adopted, as part 
of Capital Requirements Directive V (CRD V), a new requirement for major banking groups headquartered 
outside the EU (which would include Citigroup Inc.) to establish an intermediate EU holding company where 
the foreign bank has two or more institutions (broadly meaning banks, broker-dealers and similar financial 
firms) established in the EU. While in some respects the requirement mirrors an existing U.S. requirement for 
non-U.S. banking organisations to form U.S. intermediate holding companies, the implementation of the EU 
holding company requirement could lead to additional complexity with respect to Citigroup Inc.’s resolution 
planning, capital and liquidity allocation and efficiency in various jurisdictions.  
Moreover, ongoing regulatory and legislative uncertainties and changes make Citigroup Inc.’s and its 
management’s long-term business, balance sheet and strategic budget planning difficult, subject to change and 
potentially more costly. U.S. and other regulators globally have implemented and continue to discuss various 
changes to certain regulatory requirements, which would require ongoing assessment by management as to the 
impact to Citigroup Inc., its businesses and business planning. For example, while the Basel III post-crisis 
regulatory reforms and revised market risk framework have been finalised at the international level, there 
remain significant uncertainties with respect to the integration of these revisions into the U.S. regulatory capital 
framework. Business planning is required to be based on possible or proposed rules or outcomes, which can 
change dramatically upon finalisation, or upon implementation or interpretive guidance from numerous 
regulatory bodies worldwide, and such guidance can change. 
Regulatory and legislative changes have also significantly increased Citigroup Inc.’s compliance risks and costs 
and can adversely affect Citigroup Inc.’s businesses, results of operations and financial condition.

--- Page 97 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE AND AVAILABLE FOR INSPECTION AND SUPPLEMENTS 
97 
SECTION D – DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE AND AVAILABLE FOR 
INSPECTION AND SUPPLEMENTS

--- Page 98 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMHI BASE PROSPECTUS 
98 
SECTION D.1 – DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMHI 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
The following documents which have previously been published and filed with the Luxembourg supervisory 
authority for the financial sector Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (“CSSF”), the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and/or the Central Bank are incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus:  
(1) 
the annual financial report of CGMHI for the year ended 31 December 2019 containing its audited 
consolidated financial statements as of 31 December 2019 and 2018 and for each of the years in the three 
year period ended 31 December 2019 (the “CGMHI 2019 Annual Report”) which is published on the 
website 
of 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange 
at: 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=8pWrBp8HcW/8lKyZW3bTFVRZ7GiGhkqh5Zm7WcgoosDm9uyy6P+tVIU
YxSm19HtfM3QYeljtGfMHTknMuBa5R+aRojgVVXbljNp5NmBzrr7xMHcZAKbs20qeZB90e+LDk
3+VbyyHeN3PhQnys1vCUptGfwm83A1yVeIWqBYJFT2aDq8HaIn0g+GBqD4fOICGKntEq1/5DsO
GSpcZaP9SDRpFxg9W1MdpwzEVulGOwRZF+OkSWSRtLCUNdoEbIdSN; 
(2) 
the annual financial report of CGMHI for the year ended 31 December 2020 containing its audited 
consolidated financial statements as of 31 December 2020 and 2019 and for each of the years in the three 
year period ended 31 December 2020 (the “CGMHI 2020 Annual Report”) which is published on the 
website 
of 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange 
at: 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=qpqJWbHpcGy2NzPdMmYyAGvJu+FQRX4xmwPUjXaH+Fc598xDur9/Y1
601/WT3qkaFIdhRxZ1EJ86gpi8XcmW2bOVwwmPGDdn/a2eJkeAD52V0xPg1HHU2VbfCsO8YG9
h9VtEsLmPyZlDSMO8eRRfvlgRRKJmwyYtyW5wAHhcvU95yEhEM7RzwmRnbCUa85TQOrowk0
ci+b7kxqkMcDWDdqyHR7zOVXKrJO1HLV9HIF0=; 
(3) 
the annual financial report of CGMHI for the year ended 31 December 2021 containing its audited 
consolidated financial statements as of 31 December 2021 and 2020 and for each of the years in the three 
year period ended 31 December 2021 (the “CGMHI 2021 Annual Report”) which is published on the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202205/1d93ce06-e362-481f-b095-31163994e9d5.pdf;  
(4) 
the half-yearly financial report of CGMHI containing its unaudited consolidated interim financial 
statements as of and for the six months period ended 30 June 2022 (the “CGMHI 2022 Half-Yearly 
Financial Report”) which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at: https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-
1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202209/d40e7faa-d6f4-4e82-9500-
cd5f6158d621.PDF;  
(5) 
the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Citigroup Inc. for the year ended 31 December 2021 filed with the 
SEC on 28 February 2022, as amended by the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on 10 
May 2022 (the “Citigroup Inc. 2021 Form 10-K”) which is published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin 
at: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202205/11441c7a-e349-4652-b3e9-fa354950d8be.pdf;  
(6) 
the Citigroup Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on 14 January 2022 in connection 
with the publication of its Quarterly Financial Data Supplement for the quarter ended 31 December 2021 
(the “Citigroup Inc. 2021 Q4 Form 8-K”) which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202201/de4c7f7c-91c1-
48d1-967d-5e0cb7fde722.PDF;   
(7) 
the Citigroup Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on 14 April 2022 in connection with 
the publication of its Quarterly Financial Data Supplement for the quarter ended 31 March 2022 (the

--- Page 99 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMHI BASE PROSPECTUS 
99 
“Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q1 Form 8-K”) which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202204/bd646814-0923-
457c-bb2f-b4f13896a786.PDF; 
(8) 
the Citigroup Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on 15 July 2022 in connection with 
the publication of its Quarterly Financial Data Supplement for the quarter ended 30 June 2022 (the 
“Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q2 Form 8-K”) which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202207/213049a1-77db-
4e31-908a-a96aff5dcd46.pdf; 
(9) 
the Citigroup Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on 14 October 2022 in connection 
with the publication of its Quarterly Financial Data Supplement for the quarter ended 30 September 
2022 (the “Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q3 Form 8-K”) which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at: https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202210/8a6dbf7d-f661-
4ca9-9e31-e17954b81db4.PDF; 
(10) 
the Quarterly Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 10-Q for the three months ended 31 March 2022 filed 
with the SEC on 9 May 2022 (the “Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q1 Form 10-Q”) which is published on the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202205/69187fa0-3802-425c-aedb-d05ead8c2f5e.pdf;  
(11) 
the Quarterly Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 10-Q for the three months ended 30 June 2022 filed with 
the SEC on 3 August 2022 (the “Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q2 Form 10-Q”) which is published on the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202208/6ebb3fe5-0710-4fc8-a332-557597f9bf80.pdf; and 
(12) 
the Quarterly Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 10-Q for the three and nine months ended 30 September 
2022 filed with the SEC on 4 November 2022 (the “Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q3 Form 10-Q”) which is 
published on the website of Euronext Dublin at: https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-
west-1.amazonaws.com/202211/61267f9d-dd00-48ab-b4b7-7629054b4af6.PDF.   
The following information appears on the pages of the relevant documents as set out below: 
1. 
The audited consolidated financial statements of CGMHI as of 31 December 2019 and 2018 for 
each of the years in the three year period ended 31 December 2019, as set out in the CGMHI 
2019 Annual Report: 
 
 
Page(s) of the section entitled 
“Consolidated Financial 
Statements” 
A. 
Consolidated Statements of Income 
1 
B. 
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
2 
C. 
Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 
3-4 
D. 
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity 
5 
E. 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
6 
F. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
7-66 
G. 
Independent Auditor’s Report 
Page 35 of the published CGMHI 
2019 Annual Report

--- Page 100 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMHI BASE PROSPECTUS 
100 
2. 
The Management Report of the Issuer, as set out in the CGMHI 2019 Annual Report: 
 
 
Page(s) of the section entitled 
“Management Report” 
A. 
Management Report 
1-29 
3. 
The audited consolidated financial statements of CGMHI as of 31 December 2020 and 2019 for 
the years in the three year period ended 31 December 2020, as set out in the CGMHI 2020 Annual 
Report: 
 
 
Page(s) of the section entitled 
“Consolidated Financial 
Statements” 
A. 
Consolidated Statements of Income 
1 
B. 
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
2 
C. 
Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 
3-4 
D. 
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholder’s Equity 
5 
E. 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
6 
F. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
7-66 
G. 
Independent Auditors’ Report 
Thirty sixth page of the published 
CGMHI 2020 Annual Report 
4. 
The Management Report of CGMHI: 
 
 
 
Page(s) of the section entitled 
“Management Report” 
A. 
Management Report 
1-30 
5. 
The audited consolidated financial statements of CGMHI as of 31 December 2021 and 2020 for 
the years in the three year period ended 31 December 2021, as set out in the CGMHI 2021 Annual 
Report: 
 
 
Page(s) of the section entitled 
“Consolidated Financial 
Statements” 
A. 
Consolidated Statements of Income 
1 
B. 
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
2 
C. 
Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 
3-4 
D. 
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholder’s Equity 
5 
E. 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
6 
F. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
7-65 
G. 
Independent Auditors’ Report 
Fortieth and forty first page of the 
published CGMHI 2021 Annual 
Report 
6. 
The Management Report of CGMHI: 
 
 
Page(s) of the section entitled 
“Management Report”

--- Page 101 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMHI BASE PROSPECTUS 
101 
A. 
Management Report 
1-34 
7. 
The unaudited consolidated financial statements of CGMHI as of and for the six month period 
ended 30 June 2022, as set out in the CGMHI 2022 Half-Yearly Financial Report: 
 
 
Page(s) of the section entitled 
“Consolidated Financial 
Statements” 
A. 
Consolidated Statements of Income 
1 
B. 
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
2 
C. 
Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 
3-4 
D. 
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity 
5 
E. 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
6 
F.  
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
7-42 
8. 
The Management Report of the Issuer: 
 
 
 
Page(s) of the section entitled 
“Management Report” 
A. 
Management Report 
1-34 
9. 
The audited consolidated financial statements of Citigroup Inc. as of 31 December 2021 and 
2020 for the years ended 31 December 2021, 2020 and 2019, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2021 
Form 10-K: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive 
Income 
130-131 
B. 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
132-133 
C. 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity 
134-135 
D.  
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
136-137 
E.  
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
138-315 
F.  
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm – 
Consolidated Financial Statements of Citigroup Inc. as of 31 
December 2021 and 2020 and for the years ended 31 
December 2021, 2020 and 2019 
134-136 
10. 
Other information relating to Citigroup Inc., as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2021 Form 10-K: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Description of the principal activities of Citigroup Inc. – 
Overview, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and 
Business – Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment 
Balance Sheet 
4-21 
B. 
Description of the principal markets in which Citigroup Inc. 
competes 
 
 
(i) 
Institutional Clients Group  
12-16

--- Page 102 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMHI BASE PROSPECTUS 
102 
 
(ii) Note 3 (Operating Segments) to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements 
153 
C.  
Description of the principal investments of Citigroup Inc. – 
Note 13 (Investments) to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
185-195 
D. 
Description of trends and events affecting Citigroup Inc. 
 
 
(i) 
Overview, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Segment 
and Business – Income (Loss) and Revenues and 
Segment Balance Sheet 
2-21 
 
(ii) Capital Resources 
22-37 
 
(iii) Risk Factors 
38-52 
 
(iv) Sustainability and Other ESG Matters 
53-54 
 
(v) Significant Accounting 
Policies 
and 
Significant 
Estimates 
116-122 
 
(vi) Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) to 
the Consolidated Financial Statements 
138-150 
E. 
Description of litigation involving Citigroup Inc. 
286-293 
F. 
Risk Factors 
38-52 
G. 
Risk Management 
58-115 
H. 
Glossary of Terms and Acronyms 
311-315 
11. 
Quarterly Financial Data Supplement of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three months ended 31 
December 2021, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2021 Q4 Form 8-K: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Press Release, dated 14 January 2022, issued by Citigroup 
Inc. 
Exhibit Number 99.1 on pages 4-
15 
B. 
Citigroup Inc. Quarterly Financial Data Supplement for the 
quarter ended 31 December 2021. 
Exhibit Number 99.2 
on pages 16-43 
12. 
Quarterly Financial Data Supplement of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three months ended 31 
March 2022, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q1 Form 8-K: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Press Release, dated 14 April 2022, issued by Citigroup Inc. 
Exhibit Number 99.1 on pages 4-
15 
B.  
Citigroup Inc. Quarterly Financial Data Supplement for the 
quarter ended 31 March 2022. 
Exhibit Number 99.2 on pages 16-
34 
13. 
Quarterly Financial Data Supplement of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three months ended 30 
June 2022, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q2 Form 8-K: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Press Release, dated 15 July 2022, issued by Citigroup Inc 
Exhibit Number 99.1 on pages 4-
13

--- Page 103 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMHI BASE PROSPECTUS 
103 
B. 
Citigroup Inc. Quarterly Financial Data Supplement for the 
quarter ended 30 June 2022. 
Exhibit Number 99.2 on pages 14-
32 
14. 
Quarterly Financial Data Supplement of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three months ended 30 
September 2022, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q3 Form 8-K:  
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Press Release, dated 14 October 2022, issued by Citigroup 
Inc. 
Exhibit Number 99.1 on pages 4-
15 
B. 
Citigroup Inc. Quarterly Financial Data Supplement for the 
quarter ended 30 September 2022. 
Exhibit Number 99.2 on pages 16-
34 
C. 
Citigroup Inc. Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) 
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as of the filing date. 
Exhibit Number 99.3 on pages 35-
36 
 
 
 
15. 
Unaudited interim financial information of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three months ended 
31 March 2022, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q1 Form 10-Q: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A 
Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive 
Income 
80-81 
B. 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
82-83 
C. 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity 
84 
D. 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
85-86 
E. 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
87-189 
16. 
Other information relating to Citigroup Inc., as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q1 Form 10-
Q: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Description of the principal activities of Citigroup Inc. - 
Overview, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and 
Business – Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment 
Balance Sheet 
1-17 
B. 
Description of the principal markets in which Citigroup Inc. 
competes 
 
 
(i) 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and 
Business – Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment 
Balance Sheet 
3-17 
 
(ii) Strategic Risk 
65 
 
(iii) Note 3 (Operating Segments) to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements 
90 
C. 
Description of the principal investments of Citigroup Inc. – 
Note 12 (Investments) to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
104-113

--- Page 104 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMHI BASE PROSPECTUS 
104 
D.  
Description of trends and events affecting Citigroup Inc. 
 
 
(i) 
Citigroup Segments, Management’s Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 
Operations, Segment and Business – Income (Loss) and 
Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
2-17 
 
(ii) Significant Accounting 
Policies 
and 
Significant 
Estimates, Income Taxes, Disclosure Controls and 
Procedures, Disclosure Pursuant to Section 219 of the 
Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act and 
Forward-Looking Statements 
71-78 
 
(iii) Note 1 (Basis of Presentation, Updated Accounting 
Policies and Accounting Changes) to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements 
87-88 
E. 
Description of litigation involving Citigroup Inc. – Note 23 
(Contingencies) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
180-181 
F. 
Risk Management – Managing Global Risk Table of Contents 
and Managing Global Risk 
30-70 
17. 
Unaudited interim financial information of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three months ended 
30 June 2022, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q2 Form 10-Q: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive 
Income 
88-89 
B. 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
90-91 
C. 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity 
92 
D. 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
93-94 
E. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
95-217 
18. 
Other information relating to Citigroup Inc., as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q2 Form 10-
Q: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Description of the principal activities of Citigroup Inc. - 
Overview, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and 
Business – Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment 
Balance Sheet 
1-18 
B. 
Description of the principal markets in which Citigroup Inc. 
competes 
 
 
(i) 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and 
Business – Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment 
Balance Sheet 
3-18 
 
(ii) Strategic Risk 
15

--- Page 105 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMHI BASE PROSPECTUS 
105 
 
(iii) Note 3 (Operating Segments) to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements 
100 
C. 
Description of the principal investments of Citigroup Inc. – 
Note 12 (Investments) to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
115-126 
D. 
Description of trends and events affecting Citigroup Inc. 
 
 
(i) 
Citigroup Segments, Management’s Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 
Operations, Segment and Business – Income (Loss) and 
Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
2-18 
 
(ii) Significant Accounting 
Policies 
and 
Significant 
Estimates, Income Taxes, Disclosure Controls and 
Procedures, Disclosure Pursuant to Section 219 of the 
Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act, and 
Forward-Looking Statements 
77-86 
 
(iii) Note 1 (Basis of Presentation, Updated Accounting 
Policies and Accounting Changes) to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements 
95-96 
E. 
Description of litigation involving Citigroup Inc. – Note 23 
(Contingencies) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
207-208 
F. 
Risk Management – Managing Global Risk Table of Contents 
and Managing Global Risk 
32-76 
19. 
Unaudited interim financial information of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three and nine 
months ended 30 September 2022, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q3 Form 10-Q:  
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive 
Income 
92-93 
B. 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
94-95 
C. 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity 
96 
D. 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
97-98 
E. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
99-224 
20. 
Other information relating to Citigroup Inc., as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q3 Form 10-
Q: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Description of the principal activities of Citigroup Inc. - 
Overview, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and 
Business – Income and Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
1-20 
B. 
Description of the principal markets in which Citigroup Inc. 
competes 
 
 
(i) 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and 
3-20

--- Page 106 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMHI BASE PROSPECTUS 
106 
Business – Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment 
Balance Sheet 
 
(ii) Strategic Risk 
18 
 
(iii) Note 3 (Operating Segments) to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements 
104 
C. 
Description of the principal investments of Citigroup Inc. – 
Note 12 (Investments) to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
119-128 
D. 
Description of trends and events affecting Citigroup Inc. 
 
 
(i) 
Citigroup Segments, Management’s Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 
Operations, Segment and Business – Income (Loss) and 
Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
2-20 
 
(ii) Significant Accounting 
Policies 
and 
Significant 
Estimates, Income Taxes, Disclosure Controls and 
Procedures, Disclosure Pursuant to Section 219 of the 
Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act, 
Supervision and Regulation and Forward-Looking 
Statements 
79-89 
 
(iii) Note 1 (Basis of Presentation, Updated Accounting 
Policies and Accounting Changes) to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements 
99-100 
E. 
Description of litigation involving Citigroup Inc. – Note 24 
(Contingencies) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
213-214 
F. 
Risk Management – Managing Global Risk Table of Contents 
and Managing Global Risk 
34-78 
 
Any information not listed in the cross reference list above but included in the above mentioned documents is 
additional information given for information purposes only. 
In addition, all quarterly interim reports on Form 10-Q of Citigroup Inc., its Annual Reports on Form 10-K for 
fiscal years after 2021, all quarterly earnings releases on Form 8-K and any other reports filed by Citigroup Inc. 
with the SEC pursuant to section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as 
amended (the “Exchange Act”), and the rules and regulations thereunder, subsequent to the date of the financial 
statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2021 Form 10-K and the Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q3 Form 10-Q referred 
to above are and will be available to the public on the SEC’s website (http://www.sec.gov). 
The CGMHI Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any documents incorporated 
by reference in it, any supplement to this Base Prospectus or the CGMHI Base Prospectus and any applicable 
Issue Terms. Any statement contained in this Base Prospectus or the CGMHI Base Prospectus or in any 
document incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or the CGMHI Base Prospectus shall be deemed 
to be modified or superseded for the purposes of this Base Prospectus or the CGMHI Base Prospectus to the 
extent that any supplement to this Base Prospectus or the CGMHI Base Prospectus or any other subsequently 
dated document incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or the CGMHI Base Prospectus modifies or 
supersedes such statement. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified 
or superseded, to constitute a part of this Base Prospectus or the CGMHI Base Prospectus.

--- Page 107 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMHI BASE PROSPECTUS 
107 
Where only certain parts of a document have been incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or the 
CGMHI Base Prospectus (as described in the table above), the information contained in other parts of such 
document are either not relevant for the investor or covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus or the CGMHI 
Base Prospectus.

--- Page 108 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMFL BASE PROSPECTUS 
108 
SECTION D.2 – DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMFL 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
The following documents which have previously been published and filed with the Luxembourg supervisory 
authority for the financial sector (Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the “CSSF”), the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or the Central Bank are incorporated in, and form part of, this Base 
Prospectus: 
(1) 
the annual report of CGMFL containing its audited non-consolidated financial statements for the period 
ended 31 December 2019 (the “CGMFL 2019 Annual Report”) which is published on the website of 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange 
at: 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=qJ0mKQU+awcx7ZoDbm9VDYNyi1t82Ag/BWHzUtMplbstXECaQf8858u
VjFidV81uUJPC6c0wR7qalaOJr7bL0VUIPXo08pio8weOXpbPPNa4/MFh7Jfci58+OiPWn2XkO250
7xm+Tjvnuo9TfECawQvrwszJ6kW7KugH0tLNEiJuuelX5ue33oNppmzpseY9PrFLapjbwDpsZ65YqO
oKFg; 
(2) 
the annual report of CGMFL containing its audited non-consolidated financial statements for the period 
ended 31 December 2020 (the “CGMFL 2020 Annual Report”) which is published on the website of 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange 
at: 
https://dl.bourse.lu/dl?v=NPPYz1MpG45eF0Utt525qaUY+F2CTZi165WfV8Rey3F8qpUO2YBO+/Rr
75KS3I5dOho4VmJANeIoHR+RgliNvmmXol6LHBpLevAqdx9bCi8sVnx040kQVjpEyTy/sMaQUFh
Eo640hal+ar9ooCn9B0VLL6e3tsSJ7kCExQQi1J2HccbHlBIJhv45lkIWeaCcAT3zfK+BMRU13Esb0c
AzaA==; 
(3) 
the annual report of CGMFL containing its audited non-consolidated financial statements for the period 
ended 31 December 2021 (the “CGMFL 2021 Annual Report”) which is published on the website of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202205/a8dd2056-9158-413b-b90c-4ceec18de3f1.pdf;  
(4) 
the annual report of the CGMFL Guarantor containing its audited consolidated financial statements for 
the year ended 31 December 2019 (the “CGMFL Guarantor 2019 Annual Report”), which is 
published 
at: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202106/f3cc4fe3-bef1-4786-8c90-1e36cfae802d.pdf;  
(5) 
the annual report of the CGMFL Guarantor containing its audited non-consolidated financial statements 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 (the “CGMFL Guarantor 2020 Annual Report”) which is 
published 
at: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202107/af4f27d6-cfb9-4148-b6d7-3f50cef22d51.PDF; 
(6) 
the annual report of the CGMFL Guarantor containing its audited consolidated financial statements for 
the year ended 31 December 2021 (the “CGMFL Guarantor 2021 Annual Report”) which is published 
at: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202205/6766aa1c-
1b97-4c56-8681-9b1c6d62e67c.pdf;  
(7) 
the interim financial report of the CGMFL Guarantor containing its unaudited non-consolidated interim 
financial statements as of and for the six month period ended 30 June 2022 (the “CGMFL Guarantor 
2022 Interim Financial Report”) which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://ise-
prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202211/84255e0a-00fe-4728-a0a0-
0114e6b4be05.PDF;  
(8) 
the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Citigroup Inc. for the year ended 31 December 2021 filed with the 
SEC on 28 February 2022, as amended by the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on 10

--- Page 109 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMFL BASE PROSPECTUS 
109 
May 2022 (the “Citigroup Inc. 2021 Form 10-K”) which is published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin 
at: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202205/11441c7a-e349-4652-b3e9-fa354950d8be.pdf;  
(9) 
the Citigroup Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on 14 January 2022 in connection 
with the publication of its Quarterly Financial Data Supplement for the quarter ended 31 December 2021 
(the “Citigroup Inc. 2021 Q4 Form 8-K”) which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202201/de4c7f7c-91c1-
48d1-967d-5e0cb7fde722.PDF;  
(10) 
the Citigroup Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on 14 April 2022 in connection with 
the publication of its Quarterly Financial Data Supplement for the quarter ended 31 March 2022 (the 
“Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q1 Form 8-K”) which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202204/bd646814-0923-
457c-bb2f-b4f13896a786.PDF; 
(11) 
the Citigroup Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on 15 July 2022 in connection with 
the publication of its Quarterly Financial Data Supplement for the quarter ended 30 June 2022 (the 
“Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q2 Form 8-K”) which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin at: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202207/213049a1-77db-
4e31-908a-a96aff5dcd46.pdf;  
(12) 
the Citigroup Inc. Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on 14 October 2022 in connection 
with the publication of its Quarterly Financial Data Supplement for the quarter ended 30 September 
2022 (the “Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q3 Form 8-K”) which is published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
at: https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202210/8a6dbf7d-f661-
4ca9-9e31-e17954b81db4.PDF; 
(13) 
the Quarterly Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 10-Q for the three months ended 31 March 2022 filed 
with the SEC on 9 May 2022 (the “Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q1 Form 10-Q”) which is published on the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202205/69187fa0-3802-425c-aedb-d05ead8c2f5e.pdf;  
(14) 
the Quarterly Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 10-Q for the three months and six months ended 30 June 
2022 filed with the SEC on 3 August 2022 (the “Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q2 Form 10-Q”) which is 
published on the website of Euronext Dublin at: https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-
west-1.amazonaws.com/202208/6ebb3fe5-0710-4fc8-a332-557597f9bf80.pdf; and 
(15) 
the Quarterly Report of Citigroup Inc. on Form 10-Q for the three and nine months ended 30 September 
2022 filed with the SEC on 4 November 2022 (the “Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q3 Form 10-Q”) which is 
published on the website of Euronext Dublin at: https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-
west-1.amazonaws.com/202211/61267f9d-dd00-48ab-b4b7-7629054b4af6.PDF.   
Citigroup Inc. has not guaranteed, and is not otherwise liable for, the obligations of CGMFL or the 
CGMFL Guarantor in respect of Notes issued by CGMFL. Holders of Notes issued by CGMFL are 
subject to the credit risk of CGMFL and the CGMFL Guarantor, without recourse to Citigroup Inc. or 
any other party, and are dependent on the ability of CGMFL and the CGMFL Guarantor to make 
payments on their respective obligations as they become due.

--- Page 110 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMFL BASE PROSPECTUS 
110 
The following information appears on the pages of the relevant documents as set out below: 
1. 
Audited historical non-consolidated financial information of CGMFL in respect of the period 
ended 31 December 2019, as set out in the CGMFL 2019 Annual Report: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Statement of Profit or Loss and other Comprehensive Income 
1 
B. 
Statement of Financial Position 
2 
C. 
Statements of Changes in Equity 
3 
D. 
Statement of Cash Flows 
4 
E. 
Notes to Financial Statements 
5-46 
F. 
Report on the audit of the financial statements by KPMG 
Luxembourg 
Société 
Coopérative 
(formerly 
KPMG 
Luxembourg S.à. r.l.) 
Pages 13 to 18 of the published 
CGMFL 2019 Annual Report 
2. 
Audited historical non-consolidated financial statements of CGMFL in respect of the year ended 
31 December 2020, as set out in the CGMFL 2020 Annual Report: 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Statement of Profit or Loss and other Comprehensive Income 
1 
B. 
Statement of Financial Position 
2 
C. 
Statements of Changes in Equity 
3 
D. 
Statement of Cash Flows 
4 
E. 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
5-48 
F. 
Report on the audit of the financial statements by KPMG 
Luxembourg 
Société 
Coopérative 
(formerly 
KPMG 
Luxembourg S.à r.l.) 
Twelfth to seventeenth pages of 
the published CGMFL 2020 
Annual Report 
3. 
Audited non-consolidated financial statements of CGMFL in respect of the year ended 31 
December 2021, as set out in the CGMFL 2021 Annual Report:  
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Statement of Profit or Loss and other Comprehensive Income 
1 
B. 
Statement of Financial Position 
2 
C. 
Statements of Changes in Equity 
3 
D. 
Statement of Cash Flows 
4 
E. 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
5-54 
F. 
Report on the audit of the financial statements by KPMG 
Luxembourg 
Société 
Coopérative 
(formerly 
KPMG 
Luxembourg S.à r.l.) 
Fourteenth to nineteenth pages of 
the published CGMFL 2021 
Annual Report 
4. 
Audited historical financial information of the CGMFL Guarantor in respect of the year ended 
31 December 2019, as set out in the CGMFL Guarantor 2019 Annual Report: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Income Statement 
25 
B. 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
26

--- Page 111 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMFL BASE PROSPECTUS 
111 
C. 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
27 
D. 
Balance Sheet 
28 
E. 
Statement of Cash Flows 
29 
F. 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
30-94 
G. 
Independent Auditor’s Report to the members of CGML 
23-24 
5. 
Audited historical financial information of the CGMFL Guarantor in respect of the year ended 
31 December 2020, as set out in the CGMFL Guarantor 2020 Annual Report: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Income Statement 
31 
B. 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
32 
C. 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
33 
D. 
Balance Sheet 
34 
E. 
Statement of Cash Flows 
35 
F. 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
36-98 
G. 
Independent Auditor’s Report to the members of CGML 
27-30 
6. 
Audited historical financial information of the CGMFL Guarantor in respect of the year ended 
31 December 2021, as set out in the CGMFL Guarantor 2021 Annual Report: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Income Statement 
29 
B. 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
30 
C. 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
31 
D. 
Balance Sheet 
32 
E. 
Statement of Cash Flows 
33 
F. 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
34-108 
G. 
Independent Auditor’s Report to the members of CGML 
25-28 
7. 
The unaudited interim financial information of the CGMFL Guarantor in respect of the six-
month period ended 30 June 2022, as set out in the CGMFL Guarantor 2022 Interim Financial 
Report:  
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Interim Income Statement 
8 
B. 
Interim Statement of Comprehensive Income 
9 
C. 
Interim Statement of Changes in Equity 
10 
D. 
Interim Balance Sheet 
11 
E. 
Statement of Cash Flows 
12 
F. 
Notes to the Interim Financial Statements 
13-35

--- Page 112 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMFL BASE PROSPECTUS 
112 
8. 
Audited consolidated financial statements of Citigroup Inc. as of 31 December 2021 and 2020 
and for the years ended 31 December 2021, 2020 and 2019, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2021 
Form 10-K: 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive 
Income 
130-131 
B. 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
132-133 
C. 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity 
134-135 
D. 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
136-137 
E. 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
138-315 
F. 
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm – 
Consolidated Financial Statements of Citigroup Inc. as of 31 
December 2021 and 2020 and for the years ended 31 
December 2021, 2020 and 2019 
134-136 
9. 
Other information relating to Citigroup Inc., as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2021 Form 10-K: 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Description of the principal activities of Citigroup Inc. – 
Overview, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and 
Business – Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment Balance 
Sheet 
4-21 
B. 
Description of the principal markets in which Citigroup Inc. 
competes 
 
 
(i) 
Institutional Clients Group  
12-16 
 
(ii) Note 3 (Operating Segments) to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements 
153 
C. 
Description of the principal investments of Citigroup Inc. – 
Note 13 (Investments) to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
185-195 
D. 
Description of trends and events affecting Citigroup Inc. 
 
 
(i) 
Overview, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Segment 
and Business – Income (Loss) and Revenues and 
Segment Balance Sheet 
2-21 
 
(ii) Capital Resources 
22-37 
 
(iii) Risk Factors 
38-52 
 
(iv) Sustainability and Other ESG Matters 
53-54 
 
(v) Significant 
Accounting 
Policies 
and 
Significant 
Estimates 
116-122 
 
(vi) Note 1 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) to 
the Consolidated Financial Statements 
138-150

--- Page 113 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMFL BASE PROSPECTUS 
113 
E.  
Description of litigation involving Citigroup Inc. 
286-293 
F. 
Risk Factors 
38-52 
G. 
Risk Management 
58-115 
H. 
Glossary of Terms and Acronyms 
311-315 
10. 
Quarterly Financial Data Supplement of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three months ended 31 
December 2021, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2021 Q4 Form 8-K: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Press Release, dated 14 January 2022, issued by Citigroup Inc. 
Exhibit Number 99.1 on pages 4-
15 
B. 
Citigroup Inc. Quarterly Financial Data Supplement for the 
quarter ended 31 December 2021. 
Exhibit Number 99.2 on pages 
16-43 
11. 
Quarterly Financial Data Supplement of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three months ended 31 
March 2022, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q1 Form 8-K: 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Press Release, dated 14 April 2022, issued by Citigroup Inc. 
Exhibit Number 99.1 on pages 4-
15 
B. 
Citigroup Inc. Quarterly Financial Data Supplement for the 
quarter ended 31 March 2022. 
Exhibit Number 99.2 on pages 
16-34 
12. 
Quarterly Financial Data Supplement of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three months ended 30 
June 2022, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q2 Form 8-K: 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Press Release, dated 15 July 2022, issued by Citigroup Inc. 
Exhibit Number 99.1 on pages 4-
13 
B. 
Citigroup Inc. Quarterly Financial Data Supplement for the 
quarter ended 30 June 2022. 
Exhibit Number 99.2 on pages 
14-32 
13. 
Quarterly Financial Data Supplement of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three months ended 30 
September 2022, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q3 Form 8-K:  
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Press Release, dated 14 October 2022, issued by Citigroup Inc. 
Exhibit Number 99.1 on pages 4-
15 
B. 
Citigroup Inc. Quarterly Financial Data Supplement for the 
quarter ended 30 September 2022. 
Exhibit Number 99.2 on pages 
16-34 
C. 
Citigroup Inc. Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) 
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as of the filing date. 
Exhibit Number 99.3 on pages 
35-36 
14.  
Unaudited interim financial information of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three months ended 
31 March 2022, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q1 Form 10-Q: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive 
Income 
80-81 
B. 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
82-83

--- Page 114 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMFL BASE PROSPECTUS 
114 
C. 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity 
84 
D. 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
85-86 
E. 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
87-189 
15. 
Other information relating to Citigroup Inc., as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q1 Form 10-
Q: 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Description of the principal activities of Citigroup Inc. – 
Overview, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and 
Business – Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment Balance 
Sheet 
1-17 
B. 
Description of the principal markets in which Citigroup Inc. 
competes 
 
 
(i) 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and 
Business – Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment 
Balance Sheet 
3-17 
 
(ii) Strategic Risk 
65 
 
(iii) Note 3 (Operating Segments) to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements 
90 
C. 
Description of the principal investments of Citigroup Inc. – 
Note 12 (Investments) to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
104-113 
D. 
Description of trends and events affecting Citigroup Inc. 
 
 
(i) 
Citigroup Segments, Management’s Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 
Operations, Segment and Business – Income (Loss) and 
Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
2-17 
 
(ii) Significant 
Accounting 
Policies 
and 
Significant 
Estimates, Income Taxes, Disclosure Controls and 
Procedures, Disclosure Pursuant to Section 219 of the 
Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act and 
Forward-Looking Statements 
71-78 
 
(iii) Note 1 (Basis of Presentation, Updated Accounting 
Policies and Accounting Changes) to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements 
87-88 
E. 
Description of litigation involving Citigroup Inc. – Note 23 
(Contingencies) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
180-181 
F. 
Risk Management – Managing Global Risk Table of Contents 
and Managing Global Risk 
30-70

--- Page 115 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMFL BASE PROSPECTUS 
115 
16. 
Unaudited interim financial information of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three months ended 
30 June 2022, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q2 Form 10-Q: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive 
Income 
88-89 
B. 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
90-91 
C. 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity 
92 
D. 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
93-94 
E. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
95-217 
17. 
Other information relating to Citigroup Inc., as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q2 Form 10-
Q: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Description of the principal activities of Citigroup Inc. – 
Overview, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and 
Business – Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment Balance 
Sheet 
1-18 
B. 
Description of the principal markets in which Citigroup Inc. 
competes 
 
 
(i) 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and 
Business – Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment 
Balance Sheet 
3-18 
 
(ii) Strategic Risk 
15 
 
(iii) Note 3 (Operating Segments) to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements 
100 
C. 
Description of the principal investments of Citigroup Inc. – 
Note 12 (Investments) to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
115-126 
D. 
Description of trends and events affecting Citigroup Inc. 
 
 
(i) 
Citigroup Segments, Management’s Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 
Operations, Segment and Business – Income (Loss) and 
Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
2-18 
 
(ii) Significant 
Accounting 
Policies 
and 
Significant 
Estimates, Income Taxes, Disclosure Controls and 
Procedures, Disclosure Pursuant to Section 219 of the 
Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act and 
Forward-Looking Statements 
77-86 
 
(iii) Note 1 (Basis of Presentation, Updated Accounting 
Policies and Accounting Changes) to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements 
95-96

--- Page 116 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMFL BASE PROSPECTUS 
116 
E. 
Description of litigation involving Citigroup Inc. – Note 23 
(Contingencies) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
207-208 
F. 
Risk Management – Managing Global Risk Table of Contents 
and Managing Global Risk 
32-76] 
18. 
Unaudited interim financial information of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the three and nine 
months ended 30 September 2022, as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q3 Form 10-Q:  
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive 
Income 
92-93 
B. 
Consolidated Balance Sheet 
94-95 
C. 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity 
96 
D. 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
97-98 
E. 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
99-224 
19. 
Other information relating to Citigroup Inc., as set out in the Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q3 Form 10-
Q: 
 
 
Page(s) 
A. 
Description of the principal activities of Citigroup Inc. - 
Overview, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and 
Business – Income and Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
1-20 
B. 
Description of the principal markets in which Citigroup Inc. 
competes 
 
 
(i) 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial 
Condition and Results of Operations, Segment and 
Business – Income (Loss) and Revenues and Segment 
Balance Sheet 
3-20 
 
(ii) Strategic Risk 
18 
 
(iii) Note 3 (Operating Segments) to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements 
104 
C. 
Description of the principal investments of Citigroup Inc. – 
Note 12 (Investments) to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
119-128 
D. 
Description of trends and events affecting Citigroup Inc. 
 
 
(i) 
Citigroup Segments, Management’s Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 
Operations, Segment and Business – Income (Loss) and 
Revenues and Segment Balance Sheet 
2-20 
 
(ii) Significant Accounting 
Policies 
and 
Significant 
Estimates, Income Taxes, Disclosure Controls and 
Procedures, Disclosure Pursuant to Section 219 of the 
Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act, 
79-89

--- Page 117 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE FOR THE CGMFL BASE PROSPECTUS 
117 
Supervision and Regulation and Forward-Looking 
Statements 
 
(iii) Note 1 (Basis of Presentation, Updated Accounting 
Policies and Accounting Changes) to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements 
99-100 
E. 
Description of litigation involving Citigroup Inc. – Note 24 
(Contingencies) to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
213-214 
F. 
Risk Management – Managing Global Risk Table of Contents 
and Managing Global Risk 
34-78 
 
Any information not listed in the cross reference list above but included in the above mentioned documents is 
additional information given for information purposes only. 
The financial statements of the CGMFL Guarantor have been prepared in accordance with International 
Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the United Kingdom. These financials are also fully compliant 
with the International Financial Reporting Standards as endorsed in the European Union based on Regulation 
(EC) No 1606/2002. 
In addition, all quarterly interim reports on Form 10-Q of Citigroup Inc., its Annual Reports on Form 10-K for 
fiscal years after 2021, all quarterly earnings releases on Form 8-K and any other reports filed by Citigroup Inc. 
with the SEC pursuant to section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as 
amended (the “Exchange Act”), and the rules and regulations thereunder, subsequent to the date of the financial 
statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2021 Form 10-K and the Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q3 Form 10-Q referred 
to above are and will be available to the public on the SEC’s website (address: http://www.sec.gov). 
The CGMFL Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any documents incorporated 
by reference in it, any supplement to this Base Prospectus or the CGMFL Base Prospectus and any applicable 
Issue Terms. Any statement contained in this Base Prospectus or the CGMFL Base Prospectus or in any 
document incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or the CGMFL Base Prospectus shall be deemed 
to be modified or superseded for the purposes of this Base Prospectus or the CGMFL Base Prospectus to the 
extent that any supplement to this Base Prospectus or the CGMFL Base Prospectus or any other subsequently 
dated document incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or the CGMFL Base Prospectus modifies or 
supersedes such statement. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified 
or superseded, to constitute a part of this Base Prospectus or the CGMFL Base Prospectus. 
Where only certain parts of a document have been incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or the 
CGMFL Base Prospectus (as described in the table above), the information contained in other parts of such 
document are either not relevant for the investor or covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus or the CGMFL 
Base Prospectus.

--- Page 118 ---
DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE FOR INSPECTION 
118 
SECTION D.3 – DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE FOR INSPECTION 
1. 
Copies of the latest two annual reports and audited consolidated financial statements of CGMHI and the 
latest half-yearly interim unaudited consolidated financial statements of CGMHI may be obtained at the 
specified offices of each of the Fiscal Agent and the other Paying Agents during normal business hours 
so long as any of the Notes issued by CGMHI are outstanding. Copies of the latest annual report and 
audited consolidated financial statements of the CGMHI Guarantor and the latest quarterly interim 
unaudited consolidated financial statements of the CGMHI Guarantor may be obtained at the specified 
offices of each of the Fiscal Agent and the other Paying Agents during normal business hours so long as 
any of the Notes issued by CGMHI is outstanding. Copies of the latest annual report and audited non-
consolidated financial statements of CGMFL and the latest quarterly interim unaudited non-consolidated 
report and financial statements of CGMFL may be obtained at the specified offices of each of the Fiscal 
Agent and the Paying Agents during normal business hours so long as any of the Notes issued by 
CGMFL is outstanding. Copies of the latest annual report and audited consolidated financial statements 
of the CGMFL Guarantor and the latest half-yearly interim unaudited non-consolidated financial 
statements of the CGMFL Guarantor may be obtained at the specified offices of each of the Fiscal Agent 
and the other Paying Agents during normal business hours so long as any of the Notes issued by CGMFL 
are outstanding. Each of the above documents will be available on the website of Euronext Dublin at 
https://live.euronext.com/.  
2. 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus and, for as long as the Notes are 
so listed, copies of the following documents will be available as set out below:  
(i) 
the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee, at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/CGMHI+Deed+of+Guarantee_23eada0e-5a06-409e-92e6-
bc577e6678e6.PDF;  
(ii) 
the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee, at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/CGMFL+Deed+of+Guarantee_c23920a3-eca3-4f7b-b4c4-
21ed5776742f.PDF;  
(iii) 
the 
Restated 
Certificate 
of 
Incorporation 
and 
By-Laws 
of 
CGMHI, 
at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Cert%20of%20Incorp_By-
Laws%20of%20CGMHI%20(1)_787dc93d-0a67-450d-a470-7fe207534b95.pdf;  
(iv) 
the Restated Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws of the CGMHI Guarantor, at 
https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Compiled%20COI%20and%20by%20laws%20of%20Citigr
oup%20Inc._ea4d4037-22fc-4fef-9db9-c588a9d0f052.pdf;  
(v) 
the articles of incorporation of CGMFL, at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-
west-1.amazonaws.com/202212/177143c4-10ce-454e-b5bf-723f102e8847.PDF; and  
(vi) 
the articles of association of the CGMFL Guarantor, at https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-
integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/202212/d881c587-c738-4d32-9973-
b51fc2ec36f6.pdf.  
In addition to the above, (i) an electronic copy of this Base Prospectus is, and all supplements to this Base 
Prospectus will be, available on the website of Euronext Dublin at https://live.euronext.com/, (ii) electronic 
copies of all the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus are available on the websites 
specified in relation to each such document in the sections “Documents incorporated by reference for the 
CGMHI Base Prospectus” and “Documents incorporated by reference for the CGMFL Base Prospectus” 
above, as applicable and (iii) electronic copies of any documents incorporated by reference into the Base

--- Page 119 ---
DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE FOR INSPECTION 
119 
Prospectus by any supplement will be available at the website specified in relation to such document in the 
relevant supplement.

--- Page 120 ---
SUPPLEMENTS TO THE CGMHI BASE PROSPECTUS OR THE CGMFL BASE PROSPECTUS 
120 
SECTION D.4 – SUPPLEMENTS TO THE CGMHI BASE PROSPECTUS OR THE 
CGMFL BASE PROSPECTUS 
As long as the CGMHI Base Prospectus and/or the CGMFL Base Prospectus is valid in respect of Notes which 
are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA, CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL and/or 
the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, will in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or 
material inaccuracy relating to information included in the CGMHI Base Prospectus and/or the CGMFL Base 
Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, prepare a supplement to the CGMHI 
Base Prospectus and/or the CGMFL Base Prospectus, as the case may be, or publish a new CGMHI Base 
Prospectus and/or CGMFL Base Prospectus, as the case may be, for use in connection with any subsequent 
issue of Notes. Such supplement or new CGMHI Base Prospectus and/or CGMFL Base Prospectus will be 
available for viewing on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/).

--- Page 121 ---
INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUERS, THE CGMHI GUARANTOR AND THE CGMFL GUARANTOR  
121 
SECTION E – INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUERS, THE CGMHI 
GUARANTOR AND THE CGMFL GUARANTOR

--- Page 122 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS HOLDINGS INC. 
122 
SECTION E.1 – DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS HOLDINGS INC. 
Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. (“CGMHI”), operating through its subsidiaries, engages in full-service 
investment banking and securities brokerage business. As used in this description, the term CGMHI refers to 
CGMHI and its consolidated subsidiaries. CGMHI operates in the Institutional Clients Group business segment. 
CGMHI’s parent, Citigroup Inc. (“Citigroup” or “Citi”), is a global diversified financial services holding 
company whose businesses provide consumers, corporations, governments and institutions with a broad, yet 
focused, range of financial products and services, including consumer banking and credit, corporate and 
investment banking, securities brokerage, trade and securities services and wealth management. Citi has 
approximately 200 million customer accounts and does business in more than 160 countries and jurisdictions. 
As of the first quarter of 2022, Citigroup is managed pursuant to three operating segments: Institutional Clients 
Group, Personal Banking and Wealth Management and Legacy Franchises, with the remaining operations in 
Corporate/Other. 
The principal offices of CGMHI are located at 388 Greenwich Street, New York, NY 10013, telephone number 
+1 (212) 559-1000. CGMHI was incorporated in New York on 23 February 1977 and is the successor to 
Salomon Smith Barney Holdings Inc. On 7 April 2003, CGMHI filed a Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
changing its name from Salomon Smith Barney Holdings Inc. to Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. 
CGMHI’s Federal Employee Identification Number (“FEIN” or “EIN”) issued by the US Internal Revenue 
Service is 11-2418067. The website of CGMHI is www.citigroup.com. Unless specifically incorporated by 
reference herein, no information in such website should be deemed to be incorporated in, or form a part of, this 
CGMHI Base Prospectus. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of CGMHI is 82VOJDD5PTRDMVVMGV31. 
Institutional Clients Group 
Institutional Clients Group (“ICG”) includes Services, Markets and Banking. ICG provides corporate, 
institutional, and public sector clients around the world with a full range of wholesale banking products and 
services, including fixed income and equity sales and trading, foreign exchange, prime brokerage, derivative 
services, equity and fixed income research, corporate lending, investment banking and advisory services, cash 
management, trade finance and securities services. ICG transacts with clients in both cash instruments and 
derivatives, including fixed income, foreign currency, equity and commodity products. 
ICG revenue is generated primarily from fees and spreads associated with these activities. ICG earns fee income 
for assisting clients with transactional services and clearing and providing brokerage and investment banking 
services and other such activities. Such fees are recognised at the point in time when Citigroup’s performance 
under the terms of a contractual arrangement is completed, which is typically at the trade/execution date or 
closing of a transaction. Revenue generated from these activities is recorded in Commissions and fees and 
Investment banking. Revenue is also generated from assets under custody and administration, which is 
recognised as/when the associated promised service is satisfied, which normally occurs at the point in time the 
service is requested by the customer and provided by Citi. Revenue generated from these activities is primarily 
recorded in Fiduciary fees. 
In addition, as a market maker, ICG facilitates transactions, including holding product inventory to meet client 
demand, and earns the differential between the price at which it buys and sells the products. These price 
differentials and the unrealised gains and losses on the inventory are recorded in Principal transactions (for 
additional information on Principal transactions revenue, see Note 2 to the CGMHI Consolidated Financial

--- Page 123 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS HOLDINGS INC. 
123 
Statements included in the CGMHI 2021 Annual Report and Note 2 to CGMHI’s Consolidated Financial 
Statements included in the CGMHI 2022 Half-Yearly Financial Report).  
The amount and types of Markets revenues are impacted by a variety of interrelated factors, including market 
liquidity; changes in market variables such as interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices, commodity 
prices and credit spreads, as well as their implied volatilities; investor confidence and other macroeconomic 
conditions. Assuming all other market conditions do not change, increases in client activity levels or bid/offer 
spreads generally result in increases in revenues. However, changes in market conditions can significantly 
impact client activity levels, bid/offer spreads and the fair value of product inventory. For example, a decrease 
in market liquidity may increase bid/offer spreads, decrease client activity levels and widen credit spreads on 
product inventory positions. 
ICG’s management of the Markets businesses involves daily monitoring and evaluation of the above factors at 
the trading desk as well as the country level.  
In the Markets businesses, client revenues are those revenues directly attributable to client transactions at the 
time of inception, including commissions, interest or fees earned. Client revenues do not include the results of 
client facilitation activities (e.g. holding product inventory in anticipation of client demand) or the results of 
certain economic hedging activities. 
For more information on ICG’s business activities, see “Institutional Clients Group” in the Citigroup Inc. 2021 
Form 10-K. 
ICG’s international presence is supported by trading floors in approximately 80 countries and a proprietary 
network in 95 countries and jurisdictions. As previously disclosed, Citi intends to end nearly all of the 
institutional banking services it offers in Russia by the end of the first quarter of 2023. Going forward, Citi’s 
only operations in Russia will be those necessary to fulfil its remaining legal and regulatory obligations. At this 
time, Citi does not expect the costs incurred in relation to this action to be material.  
At 30 September 2022, ICG had $1.7 trillion in assets and $797 billion in deposits. Securities services managed 
$20.9 trillion in assets under custody and administration at 30 September 2022, of which Citi provided both 
custody and administrative services to certain clients related to $1.8 trillion of such assets. Managed assets 
under trust were $3.9 trillion at 30 September 2022.  
Description of corporate structure/governance 
Corporate system 
CGMHI is a corporation organised under the laws of the State of New York in the United States of America. To 
the best of its knowledge and belief, CGMHI complies with the federal laws and regulations of the United States 
and of the laws and regulations of New York State regarding corporate governance. 
Corporate objects 
CGMHI was “formed for the purpose of engaging in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be 
organised under the Business Corporation Law” of New York, as stated in Article SECOND of CGMHI’s 
Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 
Authorised and issued share capital 
CGMHI’s authorised share capital is 1,000 common stock (“Common Stock”) of par value $0.01 and 
10,000,000 preferred stock (“Preferred Stock”) of par value $1.00. CGMHI’s issued share capital is 1,000 
Common Stock which is fully paid up and held by Citigroup Inc. No Preferred Stock has been issued.

--- Page 124 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS HOLDINGS INC. 
124 
Voting power of shareholders 
Subject to the provisions of any applicable law or except as otherwise provided by the resolution or resolutions 
providing for the issue of any series of Preferred Stock, the holders of outstanding shares of Common Stock 
shall exclusively possess voting power for the election of directors and for all other purposes, each holder of 
record of shares of Common Stock being entitled to one vote for each share of Common Stock standing in his 
name on the books of CGMHI. At present, CGMHI has a single shareholder of Common Stock being Citigroup 
Inc. and no holders of Preferred Stock. As such, the shareholder of Common Stock has a controlling vote with 
respect to all matters submitted to a shareholder vote. No shareholder, or associated group of shareholders acting 
together, owns enough shares of Citigroup Inc.’s common stock to directly or indirectly exercise control over 
Citigroup Inc. 
Election of directors 
The directors of CGMHI are as follows: 
Name 
Title 
Shawn K. Feeney 
See below 
Robert F. Klein 
See below 
The other officers of CGMHI are as follows: 
 
Name 
Title 
Shawn K. Feeney 
Chief Executive Officer/Chairman/President 
Daniel S. Palomaki 
Chief Financial Officer 
Daniel S. Palomaki 
Chief Accounting Officer 
Charles Marquardt 
Controller 
Gonzalo Martin 
Treasurer 
Jason Mercado 
Assistant Treasurer 
Alexia Breuvart 
General Counsel/Secretary 
Katrina Basil 
Assistant Secretary 
Donald Bendernagel 
Assistant Secretary 
Sarah Blotner 
Assistant Secretary 
Norma Castro 
Assistant Secretary 
Shannon Hales 
Assistant Secretary 
Robert F. Klein 
Assistant Secretary 
Myongsu Kong 
Assistant Secretary 
James Myers 
Assistant Secretary 
Anne E. Moses 
Assistant Secretary 
Ronny Ostrow 
Assistant Secretary 
Sofia Rahman 
Assistant Secretary 
Rachel Stine 
Assistant Secretary 
Christopher Teano 
Assistant Secretary

--- Page 125 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS HOLDINGS INC. 
125 
 
The members of the Notes Committee of CGMHI are as follows: 
Notes Committee 
 
Peter Battin 
 
Gonzalo Martin 
 
Mark Mason 
 
Joseph Noto 
 
Jason Mercado 
 
Johnbull Okpara 
 
Daniel S. Palomaki 
 
Jason Mercado 
 
Elissa Steinberg 
 
Shawn Stolar 
 
Michael Verdeschi 
 
 
The main duties outside CGMHI performed by the directors and officers listed above are not significant with 
respect to CGMHI. 
The business address of each director and officer of CGMHI is 388 Greenwich Street, New York, NY 10013, 
United States of America. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest existing between any duties owed to CGMHI by the senior 
management listed above and their private interests and/or other duties. 
Audit Committee 
CGMHI does not have an audit committee. 
Dividends 
Except as otherwise provided by the resolution or resolutions providing for the issue of any series of Preferred 
Stock, after payment shall have been made to the holders of Preferred Stock of the full amount of dividends to 
which they shall be entitled pursuant to the resolution or resolutions providing for the issue of any series of 
Preferred Stock, the holders of Common Stock shall be entitled, to the exclusion of the holders of Preferred 
Stock of any and all series, to receive such dividends as from time to time may be declared by the board of 
directors. At present, no series of Preferred Stock is issued and outstanding. 
Liquidation, dissolution or winding up; pre-emptive rights 
Except as otherwise provided by the resolution or resolutions providing for the issue of any series of Preferred 
Stock, in the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of CGMHI, whether voluntary or involuntary, 
after payment shall have been made to the holders of Preferred Stock of the full amount to which they shall be 
entitled pursuant to the resolution or resolutions providing for the issue of any series of Preferred Stock, the 
holders of Common Stock shall be entitled, to the exclusion of the holders of Preferred Stock of any and all

--- Page 126 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS HOLDINGS INC. 
126 
series, to share rateably according to the number of shares of Common Stock held by them, in all remaining 
assets of CGMHI available for distribution. At present, no series of Preferred Stock is issued and outstanding. 
No shareholders shall be entitled to any pre-emptive rights in respect of any securities of CGMHI. 
Preferred Stock 
The board of directors is authorised, subject to limitations prescribed by law and the provisions of the Restated 
Certificate of Incorporation, to provide for the issuance of the shares of Preferred Stock in series, and by filing 
a certificate pursuant to the applicable law of the State of New York, to establish from time to time the number 
of shares to be included in each such series, and to fix the designation, powers, preferences and rights of the 
shares of each such series and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such shares. 
Auditors 
CGMHI’s annual accounts as of 31 December 2021 and 2020 and for the years ended 31 December 2021, 2020 
and 2019 were audited without qualification in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards in the 
United States by KPMG LLP, independent registered public accountants, 345 Park Avenue, New York, New 
York 10154. The auditors of CGMHI have no material interest in CGMHI. KPMG LLP is a member of the 
American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and is regulated by the U.S. Public Company Accounting 
Oversight Board.  
Use of Proceeds 
A portion of the proceeds of any issue of Notes will be used by CGMHI and/or its subsidiaries for general 
corporate purposes, which include making a profit.  
Material Contracts 
CGMHI has no contracts that are material to its ability to fulfil its obligations under any Notes issued by it. 
Corporate Authorities 
The establishment and update of the Programme was duly authorised by (i) the General Funding Resolutions 
of the Board of Directors of CGMHI, which were duly adopted by unanimous written consent on 1 December 
2022 which authorise CGMHI to issue and sell, and establish or maintain a program or any number of programs 
for the issuance and sale of unsecured debt securities, including amongst others, notes; (ii) the Notes Committee 
Certificate of the CGMHI Notes Committee dated 14 December 2022, delegating authority for, among other 
things, the establishment or maintenance of any number of programs for the sale of notes.  
Legal proceedings 
For a discussion of CGMHI’s material legal and regulatory matters, see Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements included in the CGMHI 2021 Annual Report and Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
included in the CGMHI 2022 Half-Yearly Financial Report.  
For a discussion of Citigroup Inc.’s material legal and regulatory matters, of which the matters discussed in 
Note 15 (as specified above) are a part, see (i) Note 27 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in the 
Citigroup Inc. 2021 Form 10-K, (ii) Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Citigroup 
Inc. 2022 Q1 Form 10-Q, (iii) Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Citigroup Inc.

--- Page 127 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS HOLDINGS INC. 
127 
2022 Q2 Form 10-Q and (iv) Note 24 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 
2022 Q3 Form 10-Q. 
Save as disclosed in the documents referenced above, neither CGMHI nor any of its subsidiaries is involved in, 
or has been involved in, any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings that may have had in the twelve 
months before the date of the CGMHI Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position or 
profitability of CGMHI or CGMHI and its subsidiaries taken as a whole, nor, so far as CGMHI is aware, are 
any such proceedings pending or threatened. 
Significant change and material adverse change 
There has been no significant change in the consolidated financial or trading position of CGMHI and its 
subsidiaries taken as a whole since 30 June 2022 (the date of the most recently published unaudited interim 
financial statements of CGMHI) and there has been no material adverse change in the financial position or 
prospects of CGMHI and its subsidiaries taken as a whole since 31 December 2021 (the date of the most recently 
published audited annual financial statements of CGMHI). 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of CGMHI and its subsidiaries as a whole 
since 30 June 2022 (the date of the most recently published unaudited interim financial statements of CGMHI).

--- Page 128 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP INC. 
128 
SECTION E.2 – DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP INC. 
Citigroup Inc. (“Citi”, the “Company”, or “Citigroup”) is a global diversified financial services holding 
company whose businesses provide consumers, corporations, governments and institutions with a broad, yet 
focused, range of financial products and services. Citigroup Inc. has approximately 200 million customer 
accounts and does business in more than 160 countries and jurisdictions. Citigroup Inc. is a bank holding 
company within the meaning of the U.S. Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 registered with, and subject to 
examination by, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the “Federal Reserve”). Some of 
Citi’s subsidiaries are subject to supervision and examination by their respective federal and state authorities. 
At 31 December 2021, Citigroup Inc. had approximately 200,000 full-time employees worldwide. 
Citigroup Inc.’s objects and purpose is to “engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be 
organised under the General Corporation Law of Delaware”, as stated in Article THIRD of Citi’s Restated 
Certificate of Incorporation. As of the first quarter of 2022, Citigroup implemented a change in its operating 
segments and reporting units to reflect its recent strategic refresh. As a result, Citigroup is  managed pursuant 
to three operating segments: Institutional Clients Group, Personal Banking and Wealth Management and 
Legacy Franchises, with the remaining operations in Corporate/Other. Its businesses conduct their activities 
across the North America, Latin America, Asia and Europe, Middle East and Africa regions. Citigroup’s 
principal subsidiaries are Citibank, N.A., Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and Grupo Financiero Banamex, S.A. 
de C.V., each of which is a wholly owned, indirect subsidiary of Citigroup. 
Citigroup Inc. is a holding company and services its obligations primarily by earnings from its operating 
subsidiaries. Citigroup Inc. may augment its capital through issuances of common stock, perpetual preferred 
stock and equity issued through awards under employee benefit plans, among other issuances. Citigroup Inc. 
and Citigroup Inc.’s subsidiaries that operate in the banking and securities businesses can only pay dividends if 
they are in compliance with the applicable regulatory requirements imposed on them by federal and state bank 
regulatory authorities and securities regulators in the United States. Citigroup Inc.’s subsidiaries may be party 
to credit agreements that also may restrict their ability to pay dividends. Citigroup Inc. currently believes that 
none of these regulatory or contractual restrictions on the ability of its subsidiaries to pay dividends will affect 
Citigroup Inc.’s ability to service its own debt. Citigroup Inc. must also maintain the required capital levels of 
a bank holding company, and must submit a capital plan, subjected to stress testing, to the Federal Reserve, to 
which the Federal Reserve does not object, before it may pay dividends on its stock. 
Under longstanding policy of the Federal Reserve, a bank holding company is expected to act as a source of 
financial strength for its subsidiary banks. As a result of this regulatory policy, the Federal Reserve might require 
Citigroup Inc. to commit resources to its subsidiary banks when doing so is not otherwise in the interests of 
Citigroup Inc. or its shareholders or creditors. 
The principal offices for Citigroup Inc. are located at 388 Greenwich Street, New York, NY 10013, and its 
telephone number is + 1 212 559-1000. The website of Citigroup Inc. is www.citigroup.com. Unless specifically 
incorporated by reference herein, no information in such website should be deemed to be incorporated in, or 
form a part of, this CGMHI Base Prospectus. Citigroup Inc. was established as a corporation incorporated in 
Delaware on 8 March 1988 (under its original name of Commercial Credit Group, Inc.), registered at the 
Delaware Division of Corporations with perpetual duration pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law 
with registration number 2154254.  
Citi’s authorised capital stock consists of 6 billion shares of common stock and 30 million shares of preferred 
stock. As at 31 December 2021, there were 1,984,355,194 fully paid common stock shares outstanding and 
759,800 fully paid preferred shares outstanding. A common stock share carries one vote, and no pre-emptive or 
other subscription rights or conversion rights. A preferred stock share carries no general voting rights.

--- Page 129 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP INC. 
129 
No shareholder, or associated group of shareholders acting together, owns enough shares of Citigroup Inc.’s 
common stock to directly or indirectly exercise control over Citi. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) for Citigroup Inc. is: 6SHGI4ZSSLCXXQSBB395. 
Citi Resolution Plan (CSA, etc.) in relation to Notes issued by Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. 
Citigroup Inc. is required under Title I of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 
2010 (the “Dodd-Frank Act”) and the rules promulgated by the FDIC and Federal Reserve to periodically 
submit a plan for Citigroup Inc.’s rapid and orderly resolution under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code in the event of 
material financial distress or failure. On 22 November 2022, the Federal Reserve and FDIC issued feedback on 
the resolution plans filed on 1 July 2021 by the eight U.S. Global Systemically Important Banks (GSIBs), 
including Citigroup Inc.. The Federal Reserve and FDIC identified one shortcoming, but no deficiencies, in 
Citigroup Inc.’s 2021 resolution plan regarding data integrity and data quality management issues. Citigroup 
Inc. will alternate between submitting a full resolution plan and a targeted resolution plan on a biennial cycle. 
Citigroup Inc.’s next resolution plan is due on or before 1 July 2023. For additional information on Citigroup 
Inc.’s resolution plan submissions, see “Managing Global Risk—Liquidity Risk— Resolution Plan” in Citigroup 
Inc.’s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K. Citigroup Inc.’s preferred resolution strategy is “single point 
of entry” under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. 
Under Citigroup Inc.’s preferred “single point of entry” resolution plan strategy, only Citigroup Inc., the parent 
holding company, would enter into bankruptcy, while Citigroup Inc.’s material legal entities (as defined in the 
public section of its 2021 resolution plan, which can be found on the Federal Reserve and FDIC’s websites) 
would remain operational and outside of any resolution or insolvency proceedings. Citigroup Inc. believes its 
resolution plan has been designed to minimize the risk of systemic impact to the U.S. and global financial 
systems, while maximizing the value of the bankruptcy estate for the benefit of Citigroup Inc.’s creditors. In 
addition, in line with the Federal Reserve’s final TLAC rule, Citigroup Inc. believes it has developed the 
resolution plan so that Citigroup Inc.’s shareholders and unsecured creditors bear any losses resulting from 
Citigroup Inc.’s bankruptcy.  
In response to feedback received from the Federal Reserve and FDIC, Citigroup Inc. took the following actions:  
(a) 
Citicorp LLC (“Citicorp”), an existing wholly-owned subsidiary of Citigroup Inc., was established as 
an intermediate holding company for certain of Citigroup Inc.’s operating material legal entities, 
including CGMHI;  
(b) 
Citigroup Inc. executed an inter-affiliate agreement with Citicorp, Citigroup Inc.’s operating material 
legal entities and certain other affiliated entities pursuant to which Citicorp is required to provide 
liquidity and capital support to Citigroup Inc.’s operating material legal entities in the event Citigroup 
Inc. were to enter bankruptcy proceedings (the “Citi Support Agreement”);  
(c) 
pursuant to the Citi Support Agreement: 
 
Citigroup Inc. made an initial contribution of assets, including certain high-quality liquid assets 
and inter-affiliate loans (the “Contributable Assets”), to Citicorp, and Citicorp became the 
business as usual funding vehicle for Citigroup Inc.’s operating material legal entities; 
 
Citigroup Inc. will be obligated to continue to transfer Contributable Assets to Citicorp over time, 
subject to certain amounts retained by Citigroup Inc. to, among other things, meet Citigroup Inc.’s 
near-term cash needs;  
 
in the event of a Citigroup Inc. bankruptcy, Citigroup Inc. will be required to contribute most of 
its remaining assets to Citicorp; and

--- Page 130 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP INC. 
130 
(d) 
the obligations of both Citigroup Inc. and Citicorp under the Citi Support Agreement, as well as the 
Contributable Assets, are secured pursuant to a security agreement.  
The Citi Support Agreement provides two mechanisms, besides Citicorp’s issuing of dividends to Citigroup 
Inc., pursuant to which Citicorp will be required to transfer cash to Citigroup Inc. during business as usual so 
that Citigroup Inc. can fund its debt service as well as other operating needs: (i) one or more funding notes 
issued by Citicorp to Citigroup Inc.; and (ii) a committed line of credit under which Citicorp may make loans 
to Citigroup Inc. 
Under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, a Citigroup Inc. bankruptcy, insolvency or resolution proceeding 
will not constitute an event of default with respect to any series of Notes issued by Citigroup Global Markets 
Holdings Inc. Moreover, it will not constitute an event of default with respect to any series of Notes issued by 
Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. if the guarantee of the Notes by Citigroup Inc. (as CGMHI Guarantor) 
ceases to be (or is claimed not to be) in full force and effect for any reason, including by Citigroup Inc.’s 
insolvency or resolution. Should the Citigroup Inc. guarantee no longer be in effect, Citigroup Global Markets 
Holdings Inc. will become the sole obligor under its Notes, and there can be no assurance that it would be able 
to continue to meet its obligations under such Notes. 
In the event that Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. also enters bankruptcy, at the time of Citigroup Inc.’s 
bankruptcy filing or at a later time, you, as a holder of Notes issued by Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. 
would be an unsecured creditor of Citigroup Inc. in respect of the Citigroup Inc. guarantee and, accordingly, 
you cannot be assured that the Citigroup Inc. guarantee would protect you against losses resulting from a default 
by Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. 
DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF CITIGROUP INC. 
The members of the board of directors of Citigroup Inc. are: 
Board of Directors 
 
Main duties outside Citigroup Inc. 
John C. Dugan (Chair, Citigroup 
Inc.) 
 
- 
Diana L. Taylor 
 
Former Superintendent of Banks, State of New York 
Peter Blair Henry 
 
Stanford Univ. Class of 1984 Senior Fellow and Fellow, Freeman 
Spogli Institute for International Studies and Dean Emeritus, NYU 
Leonard N. Stern School of Business 
Duncan P. Hennes 
 
Co-Founder and Partner, Atrevida Partners, LLC 
Gary M. Reiner 
 
Operating Partner, General Atlantic LLC 
James S. Turley 
 
Chairman and CEO (Retired), Ernst & Young 
Ellen M. Costello 
 
Former President and CEO (Retired), BMO Financial Corporation 
and Former U.S. Country Head of BMO Financial Group 
Renée J. James 
 
Founder, Chairman and CEO, Ampere Computing 
S. Leslie Ireland 
 
Former Assistant Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis, U.S. 
Department of the Treasury 
Grace E. Dailey 
 
Former Senior Deputy Comptroller for Bank Supervision Policy and 
Chief National Bank Examiner, Office of the Comptroller of the 
Currency (OCC)

--- Page 131 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP INC. 
131 
Barbara Desoer 
 
Former Chief Executive Officer, Citibank N.A. 
Jane Fraser (Chief Executive 
Officer, Citigroup Inc.) 
 
- 
 
The executive officers of Citigroup Inc. are: Peter Babej, Titilope Cole, Jane Fraser, Sunil Garg, David 
Livingstone, Mark Mason, Brent McIntosh, Karen Peetz, Johnbull Okpara, Anand Selvakesari, Edward Skyler, 
Ernesto Torres Cantu, Zdenek Turek, Sara Wechter, Mike Whitaker and Paco Ybarra. 
The business address of each director and executive officer of Citigroup Inc. in such capacities is 388 Greenwich 
Street, New York, New York 10013, United States of America. 
Citigroup Inc. is not aware of any conflicts of interest or potential conflicts of interest between the private 
interests and other duties of its senior management and the interests of Citigroup Inc. that would be material in 
the context of any issuance of Notes. 
Citigroup Inc. is in compliance with the laws and regulations of the United States relating to corporate 
governance. 
Committees of the Board of Directors 
The standing committees of Citigroup Inc.’s board of directors are: 
The audit committee, which assists the board in fulfilling its oversight responsibility relating to (i) the integrity 
of Citigroup Inc.’s consolidated financial statements, financial reporting process and systems of internal 
accounting and financial controls, (ii) the performance of the internal audit function, (iii) the annual independent 
integrated audit of Citigroup Inc.’s consolidated financial statements and effectiveness of Citigroup Inc.’s 
internal control over financial reporting, the engagement of the independent registered public accounting firm 
and the evaluation of the independent registered public accounting firm's qualifications, independence and 
performance, (iv) policy standards and guidelines for risk assessment and risk management, (v) Citigroup Inc.’s 
compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, including Citigroup Inc.’s disclosure controls and 
procedures, and (vi) the fulfilment of the other responsibilities set out in the audit committee’s charter. 
The members of the audit committee are Ellen M. Costello, Grace E. Dailey, John C. Dugan, Duncan P. Hennes, 
Renée J. James and James S. Turley. 
The risk management committee, which assists the board in fulfilling its responsibility for (i) oversight of 
Citigroup Inc.’s risk management framework, including the significant policies, procedures and practices used 
in managing credit, market, operational and certain other risks; (ii) oversight of Citigroup Inc.’s policies and 
practices relating to funding risk, liquidity risk and price risk, which constitute significant components of market 
risk, and risks pertaining to capital management; and (iii) oversight of the performance of the Fundamental 
Credit Risk credit review function. 
The members of the risk management committee are Ellen M. Costello, Grace E. Dailey, Barbara Desoer, John 
C. Dugan, Duncan P. Hennes and James S. Turley. 
The compensation, performance management, and culture committee is responsible for determining the 
compensation for the Chief Executive Officer and approving the compensation of other executive officers and 
other members of senior management. The committee is also responsible for approving the incentive 
compensation structure for other members of senior management and certain highly compensated employees 
(including discretionary incentive awards to covered employees as defined in applicable bank regulatory 
guidance), in accordance with guidelines established by the committee from time to time. The committee also

--- Page 132 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP INC. 
132 
has broad oversight of compliance with bank regulatory guidance governing Citigroup Inc.’s incentive 
compensation. 
The members of the personnel and compensation committee are John C. Dugan, Duncan P. Hennes, Peter B. 
Henry, Renée J. James, Gary M. Reiner and Diana L. Taylor. 
The nomination, governance and public affairs committee is responsible for (i) identifying individuals 
qualified to become Board members and recommending to the Board the director nominees for the next annual 
meeting of stockholders; (ii) leading the Board in its annual review of the Board’s performance; (iii) 
recommending to the Board directors as to the composition for each committee for appointment by the Board; 
(iv) shaping corporate governance policies and practices and monitoring Citigroup Inc.’s compliance with such 
policies and practices; and (v) reviewing and approving all related party transactions. The committee also has 
responsibility for reviewing political and charitable contributions made by Citigroup Inc. and the Citigroup 
Foundation, reviewing Citigroup Inc.’s policies and practices regarding supplier diversity, reviewing Citigroup 
Inc.’s business practices and reviewing Citigroup Inc.’s sustainability policies and programs, including 
environmental, climate change and human rights. 
The members of the nomination, governance and public affairs committee are John C. Dugan, Peter B. Henry, 
Gary M. Reiner and Diana L. Taylor. 
The technology committee is responsible for assisting the Board in fulfilling its responsibility with respect to 
oversight of: (1) the planning and execution of Citigroup’s technology strategy and operating plan; (2) the 
development of Citi’s target state operating model and architecture, including the incorporation of Critical 
Business Services; (3) technology-based risk management, including risk management framework, risk appetite 
and risk exposures of Citigroup Inc., including Cyber Security; (4) resource and talent planning of the 
Technology function; and (5) Citigroup Inc.’s third-party management policies, practices and standards that 
relate to Technology.  
The members of the technology committee are Barbara Desoer, John C, Dugan, S. Leslie Ireland, Renée J. 
James and Gary Reiner. 
The executive committee is responsible for acting on behalf of the Board if a matter requires Board action 
before a meeting of the full Board can be held. 
The members of the executive committee are Barbara Desoer, John C. Dugan, Duncan P. Hennes, Renée J. 
James, Diana L. Taylor and James S. Turley. 
Auditors 
The auditors of Citigroup Inc. are KPMG LLP of 345 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10154, United States of 
America. KPMG LLP is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and is regulated 
by the U.S. Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. 
KPMG LLP audited the consolidated balance sheets of Citigroup Inc. as of 31 December 2021 and 2020 and 
the related consolidated statements of income, changes in stockholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the 
years in the three-year period ended 31 December 2021. KPMG LLP expressed an unqualified opinion on such 
financial statements in its report dated 25 February 2022. 
Material Contracts 
Citigroup Inc. has no contracts that are material to its ability to fulfil its obligations under any Notes issued by 
CGMHI (as the case may be).

--- Page 133 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP INC. 
133 
Corporate authorities 
Citigroup Inc. has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in the United States in 
connection with the establishment and update of the Programme, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and the issue 
and performance of the Notes. The update of the Programme was authorised by certificates of the Funding 
Approvers of Citigroup Inc. dated 28 February 2022 and pursuant to resolutions of the board of directors of 
Citigroup Inc. dated 10 February 2022. The giving of the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee was authorised by a 
certificate of the Funding Approvers of Citigroup Inc., dated 15 April 2021.  
Legal proceedings 
For a discussion of Citigroup Inc.’s material legal and regulatory matters, see (i) Note 27 to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2021 Form 10-K, (ii) Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements in the Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q1 Form 10-Q, (iii) Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in 
the Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q2 Form 10-Q and (iv) Note 24 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the 
Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q3 Form 10-Q.  
Save as disclosed in the documents referenced above, neither Citigroup Inc. nor any of its subsidiaries is 
involved in, or has been involved in, any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings that may have had, in 
the twelve months before the date of this CGMHI Base Prospectus, a material effect on the financial position 
or profitability of Citigroup Inc. or Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries as a whole, nor, so far as Citigroup Inc. is 
aware, are any such proceedings pending or threatened. 
Significant change and material adverse change 
There has been no significant change in the financial or trading position of Citigroup Inc. or Citigroup Inc. and 
its subsidiaries as a whole since 30 September 2022 (the date of Citigroup Inc.’s most recently published 
unaudited interim financial statements), and there has been no material adverse change in the financial position 
or prospects of Citigroup Inc. or Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries as a whole since 31 December 2021 (the 
date of Citigroup Inc.’s most recently published audited annual financial statements). 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of Citigroup Inc. or Citigroup Inc. and its 
subsidiaries as a whole since 30 September 2022 (the date of Citigroup Inc.’s most recently published unaudited 
interim financial statements).

--- Page 134 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS FUNDING LUXEMBOURG S.C.A. 
134 
SECTION E.3 – DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS FUNDING 
LUXEMBOURG S.C.A. 
Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. (“CGMFL”) was incorporated as a corporate 
partnership limited by shares (société en commandite par actions) on 24 May 2012 under the laws of 
Luxembourg, including the law of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies as amended from time to time 
(the “Companies Act 1915”) for an unlimited duration with its registered office at 31, Z.A. Bourmicht, L-8070 
Bertrange, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and is registered with the Register of Trade and Companies of 
Luxembourg (Registre de commerce et des sociétés, Luxembourg) under number B 169.199. CGMFL has been 
established for the purpose, among others, of granting loans or other forms of funding directly or indirectly in 
whatever form or means to any entities in the same group. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of CGMFL is 549300EVRWDWFJUNNP53. 
As of 22 November 2022, the issued share capital of CGMFL is two million four hundred and sixty-seven Euro 
(EUR 2,000,467) divided into: 
 
one (1) share with a nominal value of one Euro (EUR1.-) (action de commandité, the “Unlimited 
Share”) held by Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg GP S.à r.l., a private limited liability 
company (société à responsabilité limitée) incorporated under the laws of the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg, having its registered office at 31, Z.A. Bourmicht, L-8070 Bertrange, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg, having a share capital of twenty-seven thousand and five hundred Euro (EUR 27,500) and 
registered with the Register of Trade and Companies of Luxembourg under number B 169.149 (the 
“Unlimited Shareholder”);  
 
one million nine hundred ninety-nine thousand nine hundred ninety-nine (1,999,999) limited ordinary 
shares with a nominal value of one Euro (EUR1.-) each (actions de commanditaire, the “Limited 
Shares”) held (i) by the Unlimited Shareholder for one (1) Limited Share and (ii) by Citigroup Global 
Markets Limited (“CGML”), a private limited company, incorporated under the laws of England and 
Wales, having its registered office at Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, 
United Kingdom, registration number 1763297 for one million nine hundred ninety-nine thousand nine 
hundred ninety-eight (1,999,998) Limited Shares (the “Limited Shareholders” and together with the 
Unlimited Shareholder, the “Shareholders”); and 
 
four hundred sixty-seven (467) classes of limited preference shares with a nominal value of one Euro 
(EUR1.-) each held by CGML.  
CGMFL is managed by Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg GP S.à r.l. The Board of Managers (as 
defined below) provides independent management of CGMFL. CGMFL is a wholly owned indirect subsidiary 
of Citigroup Inc. No shareholder, or associated group of shareholders acting together, owns enough shares of 
Citigroup Inc.’s common stock to directly or indirectly exercise control over Citigroup Inc. 
CGMFL’s registered office is situated at 31, Z.A. Bourmicht, L-8070 Bertrange, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
and the telephone number is +352 45 14 14 447. The website of CGMFL is www.citigroup.com. Unless 
specifically incorporated by reference herein, no information in such website should be deemed to be 
incorporated in, or form a part of, this CGMFL Base Prospectus. 
The articles (statuts coordonnés) of CGMFL, as amended and restated from time to time, (the “Articles”) are 
published in the “Recueil Électronique des Sociétés et Associations”.

--- Page 135 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS FUNDING LUXEMBOURG S.C.A. 
135 
Management of CGMFL 
CGMFL is managed by Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg GP S.à r.l. in its capacity as manager 
(the “Corporate Manager”). 
The following table sets forth the names of the members of the board of managers of the Unlimited Shareholder 
being the Corporate Manager (the “Board of Managers”) as of the date of this CGMFL Base Prospectus: 
 
Ms. Alberta Brusi, with professional address at 31, Z.A. Bourmicht L-8070 Bertrange, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg; 
 
Mr. Vincent Mazzoli, with professional address at 31, Z.A. Bourmicht L-8070 Bertrange, Grand Duchy 
of Luxembourg;  
 
Mr. Jonas Bossau, with professional address at 31, Z.A. Bourmicht L-8070 Bertrange, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg; 
 
Ms. Milka Krasteva, with professional address at Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, 
London E14 5LB, United Kingdom; and 
 
Mr. Dimba Kier, with professional address at Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, London 
E14 5LB, United Kingdom. 
Alberta Brusi is the Citi Country Officer (“CCO”) for Luxembourg and Head of Operations and Technology 
for the Benelux cluster. 
She joined Citi in December 1996, in the Italy Financial Control team. She was responsible for the Capital 
Markets business reporting and US legal entity regulatory reporting for Institutional Client Group (“ICG”). She 
transferred to Citi London in 2003 and was given the responsibility for ICG Finance oversight of Western 
Europe, comprising eighteen countries with responsibility as Controller for the Benelux franchises. In late 2005 
she returned to Milan to become Chief of Staff to the Citi Country Officer for Italy. In 2012, she expanded her 
responsibilities and was appointed Chief Administrative Officer and Operations and Technology head for the 
country. 
Alberta Brusi has a Bachelor of Arts degree in Classical Literature and a Bachelor of Commerce after degree, 
both from University of Alberta, and Edmonton Canada. 
Alberta Brusi was appointed as Manager on 10 September 2015 for an unlimited duration. 
Vincent Mazzoli has been with Citigroup for over 24 years and has had several responsibilities in Operations, 
Investor Services, product, control and governance. He is a member of the EMEA Issuance Solutions team 
within the Equities business. 
Vincent Mazzoli was appointed as Manager on 19 March 2015 for an unlimited duration. 
Vincent Mazzoli holds a degree and a master’s degree in Finance and Banking from the University of Liège 
(Belgium). 
Jonas Bossau has been with Citi in Luxembourg for over 32 years. 
Since 2008 he has been in charge of the Luxembourg Client Executive team responsible for managing some of 
the largest institutional custody and fund administration clients of Citi in Luxembourg. Jonas was instrumental 
in creating and implementing the Global Custody product offering in Citi Luxembourg. 
Jonas Bossau was appointed as Manager on 20 July 2018 for an unlimited duration.

--- Page 136 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS FUNDING LUXEMBOURG S.C.A. 
136 
Milka Krasteva has been with Citi since 2007, and has held structuring and platform roles across the Equities, 
Multi-Asset and Commodities Markets businesses. She is currently a Director in the Equities & Multi-Asset 
structured products issuance team within the Markets business. Milka holds a First Class master’s degree in 
Mathematics from Imperial College London. 
Milka Krasteva was appointed as Manager on 8 March 2021 for an unlimited duration. 
Dimba Kier joined Citi in 2020 and is head of the CGML Treasury team reporting into the UK Treasurer, with 
responsibilities across Liquidity, Capital and Funding for the entity. 
Dimba Kier joined Citi from Morgan Stanley where he spent 12 years across a number of functions within 
Corporate Treasury including for the last 6 years, where he held the role as EMEA Head of Liquidity. Dimba 
also spent 4 years at Goldman Sachs covering funding and liquidity in the Corporate Treasury function. 
Dimba Kier was appointed as Manager on 17 May 2021 for an unlimited duration. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest existing between any duties owed to CGMFL by the board of 
managers listed above and their private interests and/or other duties. There are no principal activities performed 
by the board of managers outside of CGMFL which are significant with respect to CGMFL. 
Principal activities 
As set out in Clause 4 in the Articles of CGMFL, the corporate object of CGMFL is the granting of loans or 
other forms of funding directly or indirectly in whatever form or means to any entities belonging to the same 
group (e.g. including, but not limited to, by subscription of bonds, debentures, other debt instruments, advances, 
the granting of pledges or the issuing of other guarantees of any kind to secure the obligations of any entities, 
through derivatives or otherwise). 
CGMFL may finance itself in whatever form including, without limitation, through borrowing or through 
issuance of listed or unlisted notes and other debt or equity instruments, convertible or not (e.g. including but 
not limited to bonds, notes, loan participation notes, subordinated notes, promissory notes, certificates and 
warrants) including under stand-alone issues, medium term note and commercial paper programmes. 
CGMFL may also: 
(a) 
grant security for funds raised, including notes and other debt or equity instruments issued, and for the 
obligations of CGMFL; and 
(b) 
enter into all necessary agreements, including, but not limited to underwriting agreements, marketing 
agreements, management agreements, advisory agreements, administration agreements and other 
contracts for services, selling agreements, deposit agreements, fiduciary agreements, hedging 
agreements, interest and/or currency exchange agreements and other financial derivative agreements, 
bank and cash administration agreements, liquidity facility agreements, credit insurance agreements and 
any agreements creating any kind of security interest. 
In addition to the foregoing, CGMFL can perform all legal, commercial, technical and financial investments or 
operations and, in general, all transactions which are necessary or useful to fulfil its objects as well as all 
operations connected directly or indirectly to facilitating the accomplishment of its purpose in all areas 
described above. 
CGMFL’s Articles and Luxembourg law however prohibit it from entering into any transaction which would 
constitute a regulated activity of the financial sector or require a business licence under Luxembourg law 
without due authorisation under Luxembourg law.

--- Page 137 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS FUNDING LUXEMBOURG S.C.A. 
137 
CGMFL grants loans and other forms of funding to entities belonging to the same group and therefore competes 
in any market in which the Group has a presence. 
Corporate Governance 
No corporate governance regime to which CGMFL would be subject exists in Luxembourg as of the date of 
this CGMFL Base Prospectus. 
Share Capital 
As of 22 November 2022, CGMFL has a share capital of two million four hundred sixty-seven Euro (EUR 
2,000,467), represented by two million four hundred sixty-seven (2,000,467) shares, divided into (i) one million 
nine hundred ninety-nine thousand nine hundred ninety-nine (1,999,999) Limited Shares, (ii) one (1) Unlimited 
Share and (iii) four hundred sixty-seven (467) classes of limited preference shares (the “Preference Shares”), 
each having a nominal value of one Euro (EUR1.-). 500,000 of the limited shares and the unlimited share have 
been partly paid up and the Preference Shares have been fully paid up, for an amount of five hundred and fifty 
thousand one hundred and seventy-eight Euro and sixteen cents (EUR550,178.16).  
 
Limited 
Shares: 
Unlimited 
Share: 
Preference 
Share 
Subscription Price 
in Euro 
Citigroup Global 
Markets Funding 
Luxembourg GP S.à r.l. 
1 
- 
- 
0.25 
 
 
1 
 
0.25 
Citigroup Global 
Markets Limited 
1,999,998 
- 
 
499,999.50 
 
- 
- 
467 
50,178.16 
 
Total 
Shares/Subscription 
Price 
1,999,999 
1 
467 
550,178.16 
Total Capitalisation: 
EUR 2,000,467 
 
 
 
 
CGMFL has an authorised capital of one hundred thousand Euro (EUR 100,000.-) represented by a maximum 
of one hundred thousand (100,000) limited preference shares, having a nominal value of one Euro (EUR 1.-) 
each and which may be divided into different classes. On 24 July 2020, the General Meeting renewed the 
authorized capital of one hundred thousand Euro (EUR 100,000) represented by a maximum of one hundred 
thousand (100,000) limited preference shares expiring on 24 July 2025. As of 22 November 2022, ninety-nine 
thousand six hundred and twenty-two Euro (EUR99,622) of such authorised capital remains available. 
Approved Statutory Auditor (Réviseur d’entreprises agréé) and financial year 
CGMFL’s approved statutory auditor (réviseur d’entreprises agréé) is KPMG Luxembourg Société Coopérative 
(formerly KPMG Luxembourg S.à.r.l), incorporated and existing under Luxembourg law, having its registered 
office at 39, avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg and registered with the Register of Commerce and 
Companies of Luxembourg (Registre de commerce et des sociétés, Luxembourg) under number B 149 133 
(“KPMG Luxembourg”), who has been re-appointed for a period of five (5) years until the 2022 audit, by a

--- Page 138 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS FUNDING LUXEMBOURG S.C.A. 
138 
resolution of the sole shareholder of CGMFL dated 3 May 2018. KPMG Luxembourg is a member of the Institut 
des Réviseurs d’Entreprises. 
CGMFL’s fiscal year starts on 1 January and ends on 31 December each year, except for the first fiscal year that 
started on the date of incorporation of CGMFL and ended on 31 December 2012. 
KPMG Luxembourg audited the CGMFL 2021 Annual Report and the CGMFL 2020 Annual Report in 
accordance with Directive 2014/56/EU and Regulation (EU) 537/2014. KPMG Luxembourg expressed an 
unqualified opinion on the CGMFL 2021 Annual Report and the CGMFL 2020 Annual Report. 
Taxation 
CGMFL is subject to the tax laws of Luxembourg on income and does not have any special tax status. It is, 
therefore, in principle entitled to the benefits of tax treaties concluded between the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
and other countries (subject to the acceptance of such contracting states). 
Employees 
CGMFL has no employees. 
Accounts 
CGMFL prepares annual and half yearly non-consolidated accounts. The first annual accounts were prepared 
in respect of the period from the date of its incorporation to 31 December 2012 in accordance with the Articles 
and were published by CGMFL on 7 June 2013. 
In accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act 1915, CGMFL will publish its audited annual accounts 
on an annual basis following approval of the annual accounts by the annual general meeting of the Shareholders. 
Any future published audited annual accounts or unaudited half yearly accounts prepared for CGMFL will be 
obtainable free of charge from the registered office of CGMFL in Luxembourg. 
Material Contracts 
Apart from any agreements entered into by it in connection with the Programme, the Citi Warrant Programme 
or the Citi Regulation S Warrant Programme, CGMFL has not entered into any material contracts other than in 
the ordinary course of its business. 
Use of Proceeds 
The net proceeds of the issue of Notes by CGMFL will be used primarily to grant loans or other forms of 
funding to Citigroup Global Markets Limited and any entity belonging to the same group, and may be used to 
finance CGMFL itself. 
Corporate authorities 
The issuance of the Notes by CGMFL and any other relevant corporate actions in relation to the issuance of the 
Notes have been authorised pursuant to resolutions of the board of managers of the Corporate Manager of 
CGMFL among others, on 26 June 2013, 24 September 2013, 24 September 2014, 25 September 2015, 16 
December 2015, 7 December 2016, 14 December 2017, 21 November 2018, 10 December 2018, 17 July 2019, 
26 June 2020, 5 July 2021 and 27 June 2022.

--- Page 139 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS FUNDING LUXEMBOURG S.C.A. 
139 
Legal proceedings 
For a discussion of Citigroup Inc.’s material legal and regulatory matters, see (i) Note 27 to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2021 Form 10-K, (ii) Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements in the Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q1 Form 10-Q, (iii) Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in 
the Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q2 Form 10-Q, and (iv) Note 24 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the 
Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q3 Form 10-Q.  
Save as disclosed in the documents referenced above, CGMFL has not been involved in any governmental, 
legal or arbitration proceedings that may have had, in the twelve months preceding the date of the CGMFL Base 
Prospectus, a significant effect on CGMFL’s financial position or profitability nor, so far as CGMFL is aware, 
are any such proceedings pending or threatened. 
Significant change and material adverse change 
There has been no significant change in the financial or trading position of CGMFL since 30 June 2022 (the 
date of its most recently published unaudited interim financial statements) and there has been no material 
adverse change in the financial position or prospects of CGMFL since 30 June 2022 (the date of its most recently 
published unaudited interim financial statements). 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of CGMFL since 30 June 2022 (the date of 
its most recently published unaudited interim financial statements) to the date of the CGMFL Base Prospectus. 
All Monies Guarantee Granted by CGML 
On 11 May 2017, CGML granted a guarantee under which CGML unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees 
payment of all sums payable by CGMFL in respect of any liability of CGMFL of any kind and in any currency 
(whether present or future, actual or contingent and whether incurred alone or jointly with another) together 
with all the charges, commission, interest and expenses payable by CGMFL in connection with the relevant 
liability (the “All Monies Guarantee”). The All Monies Guarantee constitutes direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of CGML and ranks and will rank pari passu (subject to mandatorily 
preferred debts under applicable laws) with all other outstanding, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
CGML. All references to “CGMFL Deed Guarantee” in this Base Prospectus will be deemed to refer to the 
All Monies Guarantee. 
While the All Monies Guarantee given by CGML will cover cash payment obligations of CGMFL under its 
Notes, the All Monies Guarantee does not materially change the position of Noteholders as all obligations of 
CGMFL in connection with the Notes are already guaranteed by CGML under the existing CGMFL Deed of 
Guarantee. The All Monies Guarantee is without prejudice to, and does not affect in any way, the CGMFL Deed 
of Guarantee or CGML’s obligations under the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee.

--- Page 140 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS LIMITED 
140 
SECTION E.4 – DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS LIMITED 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited (“CGML”) is a private company limited by shares and was incorporated in 
England and Wales on 21 October 1983. CGML operates under the laws of England and Wales, including the 
Companies Act, and is domiciled in England. Its registered office is at Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary 
Wharf, London E14 5LB and its telephone number is +44 (0)20 7986 4000. CGML was registered with the UK 
Companies House, with the registration number 01763297. The website of CGML is www.citigroup.com. 
Unless specifically incorporated by reference herein, no information in such website should be deemed to be 
incorporated in, or form a part of, this CGMFL Base Prospectus. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of CGML is XKZZ2JZF41MRHTR1V493. 
Directors of CGML 
The directors of CGML are: 
Name 
Position at CGML 
James David Kempster Bardrick 
Director (CEO) 
Peter Blair Henry 
Director 
Francisco Tobias Marin 
Director 
Amit Raja 
Director 
Iain Plunkett 
Director 
Deepak Jain 
Director 
Sally Jane Clark 
Director 
William Moray Newton Fall 
Director 
Jonathan Paul Moulds 
Director  
Zoe Victoria Wimborne 
Director 
 
The business address of each director of CGML in his or her capacity as such is Citigroup Centre, Canada 
Square, Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB. There are no potential conflicts of interest existing between any duties 
owed to CGML by the board of directors listed above and their private interests and/or other duties. There are 
no principal activities performed by the directors outside of CGML which are significant with respect to CGML.  
Principal activities 
CGML is a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of Citigroup Inc. and has a major international presence as a 
dealer, market maker and underwriter in equity, fixed income securities and commodities, as well as providing 
advisory services to a wide range of corporate, institutional and government clients. It is headquartered in 
London, and operates globally. CGML is authorised and regulated by the Prudential Regulation Authority 
(“PRA”) and regulated by the FCA. 
Corporate Governance 
To the best of its knowledge and belief, CGML complies with the laws and regulations of England regarding 
corporate governance.

--- Page 141 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS LIMITED 
141 
Share capital of CGML and major shareholders 
As at 30 June 2022, the fully paid up issued share capital of CGML was U.S.$ 19,998,975,176 made up of 
19,998,975,176 ordinary shares of a par value of U.S.$ 1 each. 
All of the issued share capital of CGML is owned by Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Bahamas Limited 
(100 per cent.) which is an indirect subsidiary of Citigroup Inc. No shareholder or associated group of 
shareholders acting together owns enough shares of Citigroup Inc.’s common stock to directly or indirectly 
exercise control over Citigroup Inc. 
Auditor of CGML 
CGML’s auditor is KPMG LLP, having its registered office at 15 Canada Square, London E14 5GL. KPMG 
LLP is regulated by the Financial Reporting Council. KPMG LLP are members of the UK’s chartered 
accountants’ professional body, ICAEW, of Chartered Accountants’ Hall, Moorgate Place, London EC2R 6EA. 
KPMG LLP audited the financial statements of CGML for the fiscal years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 
December 2021 in accordance with Directive 2014/56/EU and Regulation (EU) 537/2014 and expressed an 
unqualified opinion on such financial statements in its reports dated 20 April 2021 and 27 April 2022. 
Material Contracts 
CGML has no contracts that are material to its ability to fulfil its obligations under any Notes issued by CGMFL. 
Corporate authorities 
CGML has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in England in connection with the 
CGMFL Deed of Guarantee. 
Legal proceedings 
For a discussion of Citigroup Inc.’s material legal and regulatory matters, see (i) Note 27 to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements included in the Citigroup Inc. 2021 Form 10-K, (ii) Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements in the Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q1 Form 10-Q, (iii) Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in 
the Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q2 Form 10-Q and (iv) Note 24 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the 
Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q3 Form 10-Q.  
Save as disclosed in the documents referenced above, CGML is not and has not been involved in any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened 
of which CGML is aware) in the twelve months preceding the date of the CGMFL Base Prospectus which may 
have or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of CGML or CGML 
and its subsidiaries as a whole. 
Significant change and material adverse change 
There has been (i) no significant change in the financial or trading position of CGML or CGML and its 
subsidiaries as a whole since 30 June 2022 (the date of its most recently published unaudited interim financial 
statements) and (ii) no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of CGML or CGML and 
its subsidiaries as a whole since 31 December 2021 (the date of its most recently published audited annual 
financial statements).

--- Page 142 ---
DESCRIPTION OF CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS LIMITED 
142 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of CGML and its subsidiaries as a whole 
since 30 June 2022 (the date of its most recently published unaudited interim financial statements.

--- Page 143 ---
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES – CITIGROUP INC. 
143 
SECTION E.5 – ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES – CITIGROUP INC. 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES (CITIGROUP INC. 2021 FORM 10-K) 
The Citigroup Inc. 2021 Form 10-K contains certain alternative performance measures (“APMs”). For further 
details on (i) the components of the APMs, (ii) how these APMs are calculated, (iii) an explanation of why such 
APMs provide useful information for investors and (iv) a reconciliation to the nearest equivalent US GAAP 
measures, please see references to “Non-GAAP Financial Measures” in the Citigroup Inc. 2021 Form 10-K and 
the table below:  
APM 
Explanation of Why Use of APM 
Provides Useful Information 
Citigroup Inc. 2021 Form 
10-K Page Reference for 
Basis 
of 
Calculation, 
Components, 
Reconciliation 
and 
Comparatives to Previous 
Reporting Periods 
Results of Operations Excluding 
the impact of Foreign Exchange 
Translation (“FX Translation”) 
Citi believes the presentation of its results 
of operations excluding the impact of FX 
Translation provides a more meaningful 
depiction for investors of the underlying 
fundamentals of its businesses. 
Pages 7, 8, 9, 17, 21, 24, 25, 
26, 27, 85, 94, 98, 103, 166 
and 183 
Results of Operations Excluding 
the Impact of Tax Reform 
Citi believes the presentation of the results 
excluding the impact of Tax Reform 
provides a meaningful depiction for 
investors of the underlying fundamentals 
of its business. 
Pages 11, 44, 49, 128 and 
130 
Tangible 
Common 
Equity, 
Tangible Book Value per Share 
and 
Return 
on 
Tangible 
Common Equity 
Citi believes these capital metrics provide 
alternative measures of capital strength and 
performance that are commonly used by 
investors and industry analysts. 
Pages 11, 101, 103, 130 and 
168 
Results of Operations Excluding 
the Impact of Gains/(Losses) on 
Loan Hedges 
Citi believes the presentation of its results 
of operations excluding the impact of 
gains/(losses) on loan hedges related to 
accrual loans provides a more meaningful 
depiction for investors of the underlying 
fundamentals of its businesses. 
Pages 8, 16 and 17 
Institutional 
Clients 
Group 
Markets Net Interest Income and 
non-Institutional Clients Group 
Markets Net Interest Income 
Citi 
believes 
presentation 
of 
these 
measures provides a meaningful depiction 
of the underlying fundamentals of its 
lending, investing and deposit raising 
businesses. 
Page 105

--- Page 144 ---
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES – CITIGROUP INC. 
144 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES (CITIGROUP INC. 2022 Q3 FORM 8-K) 
The Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q3 Form 8-K contains certain APMs. For further details on the components of the 
APMs, how these APMs are calculated, an explanation of why such APMs provide useful information for 
investors and a reconciliation to the nearest equivalent US GAAP measures, please see references to “Non-
GAAP Financial Measures” in the Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q3 Form 8-K and the table below: 
APM 
Explanation of why use of APM 
provides useful information 
Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q3 Form 8-K 
Page Reference for Basis of 
Calculation, 
Components, 
Reconciliation and Comparatives 
to Previous Reporting Periods 
Results of Operations Excluding 
the impact of Foreign Exchange 
Translation 
Citi believes the presentation of its 
results of operations excluding the 
impact of FX translation provides 
a more meaningful depiction for 
investors 
of 
the 
underlying 
fundamentals of its businesses. 
Exhibit 99.1, pages 3 and 5 and 
Exhibit 99.2, page 16 footnotes 1 to 
6. 
Tangible Book Value per Share 
Citi believes these capital metrics 
provide useful information, as 
they are used by investors and 
industry analysts. 
Exhibit 99.1, pages 1, 2, 3, 11 and 
footnote 4 on page 12; and Exhibit 
99.2, on pages 1 and 18. 
Tangible Common Equity and 
Return on Average Tangible 
Common Equity 
Citi believes these capital metrics 
provide useful information for 
investors and industry analysts. 
Exhibit 99.1, pages 2, 11 and footnote 1 
on page 12; and Exhibit 99.2, pages 1 
and 18. 
Results of Operations Excluding 
the Impact of gains/(losses) on 
Loan Hedges 
Citi believes the presentation of its 
results of operations excluding the 
impact of gain/(loss) on loan 
hedges related to accrual loans 
provides 
a 
more 
meaningful 
depiction for investors of the 
underlying fundamentals of its 
businesses. 
Exhibit 99.1, page 4 and footnote 7 on 
page 12; and Exhibit 99.2, on page 6 
(including footnote 1). 
Results 
of 
Operations 
and 
Financial Condition excluding 
the Impact of the Sale of the 
Consumer Banking Business in 
Australia 
Citi believes the presentation of its 
results of operations and financial 
condition excluding the impact of 
the Australia sale provides a 
meaningful 
depiction 
of 
the 
underlying fundamentals of its 
broader results and Asia GCB 
Exhibit 99.1, page 12; Exhibit 99.2, 
footnote 2 on page 1, footnote 5 on page 
3 and footnote 3 on page 16.

--- Page 145 ---
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES – CITIGROUP INC. 
145 
APM 
Explanation of why use of APM 
provides useful information 
Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q3 Form 8-K 
Page Reference for Basis of 
Calculation, 
Components, 
Reconciliation and Comparatives 
to Previous Reporting Periods 
businesses results for investors, 
industry analysts and others. 
Results of Operations for Global 
Wealth Management excluding 
revenues in Asia 
Citi believes these capital metrics 
provide useful information for 
investors and industry analysts. 
Exhibit 99.1, page 12 footnote 8. 
Results of Operations excluding 
the Philippines gain on sale 
Citi believes the presentation of its 
results of operations excluding the 
Philippines gain on sale provides a 
more meaningful depiction for 
investors 
of 
the 
underlying 
fundamentals of its business. 
Exhibit 99.1, page 1 and page 12, 
footnote 5.

--- Page 146 ---
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES – CITIGROUP INC. 
146 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES (CITIGROUP INC. 2022 Q2 FORM 8-K) 
The Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q2 Form 8-K contains certain APMs. For further details on (i) the components of the 
APMs, (ii) how these APMs are calculated, (iii) an explanation of why such APMs provide useful information 
for investors and (iv) a reconciliation to the nearest equivalent US GAAP measures, please see references to 
“Non-GAAP Financial Measures” in the Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q2 Form 8-K and the table below: 
APM 
Explanation of why use of APM 
provides useful information 
Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q2 Form 8-K 
Page Reference for Basis of 
Calculation, 
Components, 
Reconciliation and Comparatives 
to Previous Reporting Periods 
Results of Operations Excluding 
the impact of Foreign Exchange 
Translation 
Citi believes the presentation of 
its results of operations excluding 
the impact of FX translation 
provides a more meaningful 
depiction for investors of the 
underlying fundamentals of its 
businesses. 
Exhibit 99.2, page 16 
Tangible Book Value per Share 
Citi believes these capital metrics 
provide useful information, as 
they are used by investors and 
industry analysts. 
Exhibit 99.1, pages 1, 2, 3, 9 and 
footnote 4 on page 10; and Exhibit 
99.2, on pages 1 and 18 
Tangible Common Equity and 
Return 
on Average 
Tangible 
Common Equity 
Citi believes these capital metrics 
provide useful information for 
investors and industry analysts. 
Exhibit 99.1, pages 2, 9 and 
footnote 1 on page 10; and Exhibit 
99.2 pages 1 and 18 
Results of Operations Excluding 
the Impact of gains/(losses) on 
Loan Hedges 
Citi believes the presentation of 
its results of operations excluding 
the impact of gain/(loss) on loan 
hedges related to accrual loans 
provides a more meaningful 
depiction for investors of the 
underlying fundamentals of its 
businesses. 
Exhibit 99.1, pages 3 and 4 and 
footnote 6 on page 10; Exhibit 99.2, 
on page 6 (including footnote 1) 
Results 
of 
Operations 
and 
Financial Condition excluding the 
Impact of the Sale of the 
Consumer Banking Business in 
Australia 
Citi believes the presentation of 
its results of operations and 
financial condition excluding the 
impact of the Australia sale 
provides a meaningful depiction 
of the underlying fundamentals 
of its broader results and Asia 
GCB 
businesses 
results 
for 
Exhibit 99.1, page 6; Exhibit 99.2, 
footnote 2 on page 1, footnote 5 on 
page 3 and footnote 3 on page 16

--- Page 147 ---
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES – CITIGROUP INC. 
147 
APM 
Explanation of why use of APM 
provides useful information 
Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q2 Form 8-K 
Page Reference for Basis of 
Calculation, 
Components, 
Reconciliation and Comparatives 
to Previous Reporting Periods 
investors, industry analysts and 
others.

--- Page 148 ---
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES – CITIGROUP INC. 
148 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES (CITIGROUP INC. 2022 Q1 FORM 8-K) 
The Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q1 Form 8-K contains certain APMs. For further details on (i) the components of the 
APMs, (ii) how these APMs are calculated, (iii) an explanation of why such APMs provide useful information 
for investors and (iv) a reconciliation to the nearest equivalent US GAAP measures, please see references to 
“Non-GAAP Financial Measures” in the Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q1 Form 8-K and the table below: 
APM 
Explanation of why use of APM 
provides useful information 
Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q1 Form 8-K 
Page Reference for Basis of 
Calculation, 
Components, 
Reconciliation and Comparatives 
to Previous Reporting Periods 
Results of Operations Excluding 
the impact of Foreign Exchange 
Translation 
Citi believes the presentation of 
its results of operations excluding 
the impact of FX translation 
provides a more meaningful 
depiction for investors of the 
underlying fundamentals of its 
businesses. 
Exhibit 99.1, page 16 
Tangible Book Value per Share 
Citi believes these capital metrics 
provide useful information, as 
they are used by investors and 
industry analysts. 
Exhibit 99.1, pages 1, 2, 3, 11 and 
footnote 4 on page 12; and Exhibit 
99.2, on pages 1 and 18 
Tangible Common Equity and 
Return on Average Tangible 
Common Equity 
Citi believes these capital metrics 
provide useful information for 
investors and industry analysts. 
Exhibit 99.1, page 2, 11 and footnote 
1 on page 12; and Exhibit 99.2, pages 
1 and 18 
Results of Operations Excluding 
the Impact of gains/(losses) on 
Loan Hedges 
Citi believes the presentation of 
its results of operations excluding 
the impact of gain/(loss) on loan 
hedges related to accrual loans 
provides a more meaningful 
depiction for investors of the 
underlying fundamentals of its 
businesses. 
Exhibit 99.1, pages 3 and 4 and 
footnote 6 on page 12; Exhibit 99.2, 
on page 6 (including footnote 1) 
Results 
of 
Operations 
and 
Financial Condition excluding 
the Impact of the Sale of the 
Consumer Banking Business in 
Australia  
Citi believes the presentation of 
its results of operations and 
financial condition excluding the 
impact of the Australia sale 
provides a meaningful depiction 
of the underlying fundamentals 
of its broader results and Asia 
GCB 
businesses 
results 
for 
Appendix B, Note on page 9 and 
footnote 5 on page 12

--- Page 149 ---
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES – CITIGROUP INC. 
149 
APM 
Explanation of why use of APM 
provides useful information 
Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q1 Form 8-K 
Page Reference for Basis of 
Calculation, 
Components, 
Reconciliation and Comparatives 
to Previous Reporting Periods 
investors, industry analysts and 
others.

--- Page 150 ---
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES – CITIGROUP INC. 
150 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES (CITIGROUP INC. 2021 Q4 FORM 8-K) 
The Citigroup Inc. 2021 Q4 Form 8-K contains certain APMs. For further details on (i) the components of the 
APMs, (ii) how these APMs are calculated, (iii) an explanation of why such APMs provide useful information 
for investors and (iv) a reconciliation to the nearest equivalent US GAAP measures, please see references to 
“Non-GAAP Financial Measures” in the Citigroup Inc. 2021 Q4 Form 8-K and the table below: 
APM 
Explanation of why use of APM 
provides useful information 
Citigroup Inc. 2021 Q4 Form 8-K 
Page 
Reference 
for 
Basis 
of 
Calculation, 
Components, 
Reconciliation and Comparatives to 
Previous Reporting Periods 
Results of Operations Excluding 
the impact of Foreign Exchange 
Translation 
Citi believes the presentation of 
its results of operations excluding 
the impact of FX translation 
provides a more meaningful 
depiction for investors of the 
underlying fundamentals of its 
businesses. 
Appendix B on page 9 and footnote 6 
on page 12; and Exhibit 99.2 on pages 
6, 8, 13, 15, 19 and 20 
Tangible Book Value per Share 
Citi believes these capital metrics 
provide useful information, as 
they are used by investors and 
industry analysts. 
Exhibit 99.1, pages 1, 2, 3 and 4, 
Appendix E on page 11 and footnote 
4 on page 12; and Exhibit 99.2, on 
pages 1 (including footnote 10) and 
27 
Tangible Common Equity and 
Return on Average Tangible 
Common Equity 
Citi believes these capital metrics 
provide useful information for 
investors and industry analysts. 
Exhibit 99.1, page 1, Appendix A on 
page 8 and Appendix E on page 11 
and footnote 1 on page 12; and 
Exhibit 99.2, on page 27 
Results of Operations Excluding 
the Impact of gains/(losses) on 
Loan Hedges 
Citi believes the presentation of 
its results of operations excluding 
the impact of gain/(loss) on loan 
hedges related to accrual loans 
provides a more meaningful 
depiction for investors of the 
underlying fundamentals of its 
businesses. 
Exhibit 99.1, pages 3, 4, 5 and 6 and 
footnote 7 on page 12; Exhibit 99.2, 
on page 7 (including footnote 1) 
Results 
of 
Operations 
and 
Financial Condition excluding 
the Impact of the Sale of the 
Consumer Banking Business in 
Australia 
Citi believes the presentation of 
its results of operations and 
financial condition excluding the 
impact of the Australia sale 
provides a meaningful depiction 
of the underlying fundamentals 
of its broader results and Asia 
Exhibit 99.1, pages 1, 2 and 5, 
Appendix B on page 9 and footnote 5 
on page 12

--- Page 151 ---
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES – CITIGROUP INC. 
151 
APM 
Explanation of why use of APM 
provides useful information 
Citigroup Inc. 2021 Q4 Form 8-K 
Page 
Reference 
for 
Basis 
of 
Calculation, 
Components, 
Reconciliation and Comparatives to 
Previous Reporting Periods 
GCB 
businesses 
results 
for 
investors, industry analysts and 
others.

--- Page 152 ---
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES – CITIGROUP INC. 
152 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES (CITIGROUP INC. 2022 Q3 FORM 10-Q)  
The Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q3 Form 10-Q contains certain APMs. For further details on (i) the components of the 
APMs, (ii) how these APMs are calculated, (iii) an explanation of why such APMs provide useful information 
for investors and (iv) a reconciliation to the nearest equivalent US GAAP measures, please see references to 
“Non-GAAP Financial Measures” in the Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q3 Form 10-Q and the table below: 
APM 
Explanation of why use of APM 
provides useful information 
Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q3 Form 10-Q 
Page Reference for Basis of 
Calculation, 
Components, 
Reconciliation and Comparatives 
to Previous Reporting Periods 
Results of Operations Excluding 
the impact of Foreign Exchange 
Translation (FX Translation) 
Citi believes the presentation of 
its results of operations excluding 
the impact of FX Translation 
provides a more meaningful 
depiction for investors of the 
underlying fundamentals of its 
businesses. 
Page 47 (footnotes 1 - 6), pages 61, 
109 (footnote 2), pages 148, 156, 228 
and 230. 
Tangible 
Common 
Equity, 
Tangible Book Value per Share 
and Return on Tangible Common 
Equity 
Citi believes these capital metrics 
provide alternative measures of 
capital strength and performance 
that are commonly used by 
investors and industry analysts. 
Page 9 (footnote 4) and pages 33, 59, 
61, 230 and 231. 
Results of Operations Excluding 
the Impact of Gains/(Losses) on 
Loan Hedges 
Citi believes the presentation of 
its results of operations excluding 
the impact of gains/(losses) on 
loan hedges related to accrual 
loans 
provides 
a 
more 
meaningful 
depiction 
for 
investors 
of 
the 
underlying 
fundamentals of its businesses. 
Pages 4, 5, 13 (footnote 2), pages 14 
and 15. 
 
Citi’s results of operations and 
financial condition excluding the 
impact of the Philippines gain on 
sale and other Asia Consumer 
divestiture 
Citi believes the presentation of 
its results of operations and 
financial condition excluding the 
impact of the Philippines sale 
provides a meaningful depiction 
of the underlying fundamentals 
of its broader results and Asia 
Global 
Consumer 
Banking 
Business’s results for investors, 
industry analysts and others. 
Pages 3, 4, 5, 18, 19, 21, 40 (footnote 
2), page 75 (footnote 9), 102.

--- Page 153 ---
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES – CITIGROUP INC. 
153 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES (CITIGROUP INC. 2022 Q2 FORM 10-Q) 
The Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q2 Form 10-Q contains certain APMs. For further details on (i) the components of the 
APMs, (ii) how these APMs are calculated, (iii) an explanation of why such APMs provide useful information 
for investors and (iv) a reconciliation to the nearest equivalent US GAAP measures, please see references to 
“Non-GAAP Financial Measures” in the Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q2 Form 10-Q and the table below: 
APM 
Explanation of why use of APM 
provides useful information 
Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q2 Form 10-Q 
Page Reference for Basis of 
Calculation, 
Components, 
Reconciliation and Comparatives 
to Previous Reporting Periods 
Results of Operations Excluding 
the impact of Foreign Exchange 
Translation (FX Translation) 
Citi believes the presentation of 
its results of operations excluding 
the impact of FX Translation 
provides a more meaningful 
depiction for investors of the 
underlying fundamentals of its 
businesses. 
Pages 5, 18, Footnotes (1) – (6) 
pages 45, 58, 105, 146, 153, 221 and 
223 
Tangible 
Common 
Equity, 
Tangible Book Value per Share 
and Return on Tangible Common 
Equity 
Citi believes these capital metrics 
provide alternative measures of 
capital strength and performance 
that are commonly used by 
investors and industry analysts. 
Pages 7 (footnote 4), 31, 58 and 223-
224 
Results of Operations Excluding 
the Impact of Gains/(Losses) on 
Loan Hedges 
Citi believes the presentation of 
its results of operations excluding 
the impact of gains/(losses) on 
loan hedges related to accrual 
loans 
provides 
a 
more 
meaningful 
depiction 
for 
investors 
of 
the 
underlying 
fundamentals of its businesses. 
Pages 4, 11 (footnote 2) and 12-13

--- Page 154 ---
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES – CITIGROUP INC. 
154 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES (CITIGROUP INC. 2022 Q1 FORM 10-Q) 
The Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q1 Form 10-Q contains certain APMs. For further details on (i) the components of the 
APMs, (ii) how these APMs are calculated, (iii) an explanation of why such APMs provide useful information 
for investors and (iv) a reconciliation to the nearest equivalent US GAAP measures, please see references to 
“Non-GAAP Financial Measures” in the Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q1 Form 10-Q and the table below: 
APM 
Explanation of why use of APM 
provides useful information 
Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q1 Form 10-Q 
Page Reference for Basis of 
Calculation, 
Components, 
Reconciliation and Comparatives 
to Previous Reporting Periods 
Results of Operations Excluding 
the impact of Foreign Exchange 
Translation (FX Translation) 
Citi believes the presentation of 
its results of operations excluding 
the impact of FX Translation 
provides a more meaningful 
depiction for investors of the 
underlying fundamentals of its 
businesses. 
Pages 3, Footnotes (2) – (7), Pages 
43 and 44, 57, 94, 132, 193 and 194 
Tangible 
Common 
Equity, 
Tangible Book Value per Share 
and 
Return 
on 
Tangible 
Common Equity 
Citi believes these capital metrics 
provide alternative measures of 
capital strength and performance 
that are commonly used by 
investors and industry analysts. 
Pages 7 (footnote 4), 29 and 57 
Results of Operations Excluding 
the Impact of Gains/(Losses) on 
Loan Hedges 
Citi believes the presentation of 
its results of operations excluding 
the impact of gains/(losses) on 
loan hedges related to accrual 
loans 
provides 
a 
more 
meaningful 
depiction 
for 
investors 
of 
the 
underlying 
fundamentals of its businesses. 
Pages 4, 11 (footnote 2) and 12 
ICG 
markets 
net 
interest 
revenues 
and 
net 
interest 
revenue excluding ICG Markets 
Citi believes these measures 
provide 
a 
more 
meaningful 
depiction for investors of the 
underlying fundamentals of its 
business results. 
Page 59

--- Page 155 ---
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES – CGMFL GUARANTOR 
155 
SECTION E.6 – ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES – CGMFL GUARANTOR

--- Page 156 ---
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES – CGMFL GUARANTOR 
156 
ALTERNATIVE 
PERFORMANCE 
MEASURES 
(CGMFL 
GUARANTOR 
2022 
INTERIM 
FINANCIAL REPORT) 
In relation to the CGMFL Base Prospectus only, the CGMFL Guarantor 2022 Interim Financial Report contains 
several alternative performance measures (“APMs”). For further details on (i) the components of the APMs, 
(ii) the basis of calculation of the APMs, (iii) a reconciliation with the financial statements, (iv) an explanation 
of why such APMs provide useful information for investors and (v) comparatives and reconciliations for 
corresponding previous reporting periods, please see the table below: 
APM 
Components 
of APM 
Basis of 
calculation 
(including any 
assumptions)  
Reconciliation 
with financial 
statements 
Explanation of 
why use of APM 
provides useful 
information 
Comparatives 
and 
reconciliations 
for 
corresponding 
previous 
reporting 
period 
In the CGMFL Guarantor 2022 Interim Financial Report: 
Other Income and 
Expenses (contained 
in the Interim 
Management 
Report) 
“Net finance 
income on 
pension” and 
“Other Income” 
in the Income 
Statement 
“Other Income” 
in the Income 
Statement 
“Other Income” 
in the Income 
Statement 
Acts as a 
subtotal/summary 
Other 
Income 
and 
Expenses 
was presented in 
the 
Strategic 
Report 
in 
the 
CGMFL 
Guarantor 2021
Annual 
Report 
and 
was 
calculated in the 
same manner

--- Page 157 ---
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES – CGMFL GUARANTOR 
157 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES (CGMFL GUARANTOR 2021 ANNUAL REPORT) 
In relation to the CGMFL Base Prospectus only, the CGMFL Guarantor 2021 Annual Report contains several 
APMs. For further details on (i) the components of the APMs, (ii) the basis of calculation of the APMs, (iii) a 
reconciliation with the financial statements, (iv) an explanation of why such APMs provide useful information 
for investors and (v) comparatives and reconciliations for corresponding previous reporting periods, please see 
the table below: 
APM 
Components 
of APM 
Basis of 
calculation 
(including any 
assumptions)  
Reconciliation 
with financial 
statements 
Explanation of 
why use of APM 
provides useful 
information 
Comparatives 
and 
reconciliations 
for 
corresponding 
previous 
reporting 
period 
In the CGMFL Guarantor 2021 Annual Report: 
Other Income and 
Expenses (contained 
in the Strategic 
Report) 
“Net finance 
income on 
pension” and 
“Other Income” 
in the Income 
Statement 
“Other Income” 
in the Income 
Statement 
“Other Income” 
in the Income 
Statement 
Acts as a 
subtotal/summary 
Other 
Income 
and 
Expenses 
was presented in 
the 
Strategic 
Report 
in 
the 
CGMFL 
Guarantor 2020
Annual 
Report 
and 
was 
calculated in the 
same manner

--- Page 158 ---
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES – CGMFL GUARANTOR 
158 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES (CGMFL GUARANTOR 2020 ANNUAL 
REPORT) 
In relation to the CGMFL Base Prospectus only, the CGMFL Guarantor 2020 Annual Report contains several 
APMs. For further details on (i) the components of the APMs, (ii) the basis of calculation of the APMs, (iii) a 
reconciliation with the financial statements, (iv) an explanation of why such APMs provide useful information 
for investors and (v) comparatives and reconciliations for corresponding previous reporting periods, please see 
the table below: 
APM 
Components 
of APM 
Basis of 
calculation 
(including any 
assumptions)  
Reconciliation 
with financial 
statements 
Explanation of 
why use of APM 
provides useful 
information 
Comparatives 
and 
reconciliations 
for 
corresponding 
previous 
reporting 
period 
In the CGMFL Guarantor 2020 Annual Report: 
Other Income and 
Expenses (contained 
in the Strategic 
Report) 
“Net finance 
income on 
pension” and 
“Other Income” 
in the Income 
Statement 
Sum of “Other 
Finance 
Income” and 
“Other Income” 
in the Income 
Statement 
Sum of “Other 
Finance Income” 
and “Other 
Income” in the 
Income 
Statement 
Acts as a 
subtotal/summary 
Other 
Income 
and 
Expenses 
was presented in 
the 
Strategic 
Report 
in 
the 
CGMFL 
Guarantor 2019 
Annual 
Report 
and 
was 
calculated in the 
same manner

--- Page 159 ---
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES – CGMFL GUARANTOR 
159 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES (CGMFL GUARANTOR 2019 ANNUAL REPORT) 
In relation to the CGMFL Base Prospectus only, the CGMFL Guarantor 2019 Annual Report contains several 
APMs. For further details on (i) the components of the APMs, (ii) the basis of calculation of the APMs, (iii) a 
reconciliation with the financial statements, (iv) an explanation of why such APMs provide useful information 
for investors and (v) comparatives and reconciliations for corresponding previous reporting periods, please see 
the table below: 
APM 
Components 
of APM 
Basis of 
calculation 
(including any 
assumptions) 
Reconciliation 
with financial 
statements 
Explanation of 
why use of APM 
provides useful 
information 
Comparatives 
and 
reconciliations 
for 
corresponding 
previous 
reporting 
period 
In the CGMFL Guarantor 2019 Annual Report: 
Other Income and 
Expenses (contained 
in the Strategic 
Report) 
“Net finance 
income on 
pension” and 
“Other Income” 
in the Income 
Statement 
Sum of “Other 
Finance 
Income” and 
“Other Income” 
in the Income 
Statement 
Sum of “Other 
Finance Income” 
and “Other 
Income” in the 
Income 
Statement 
Acts as a 
subtotal/summary 
Other 
Income 
and 
Expenses 
was presented in 
the 
Strategic 
Report 
in 
the 
CGMFL 
Guarantor 2018 
Annual 
Report 
and 
was 
calculated in the 
same manner

--- Page 160 ---
OFFER 
160 
SECTION F – OFFER

--- Page 161 ---
GENERAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUE OF NOTES UNDER THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
161 
SECTION F.1 – GENERAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUE OF NOTES 
UNDER THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
1. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes to be admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin’s 
regulated market and to be listed on the Official List. Euronext Dublin’s regulated market is a regulated 
market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes to be admitted to the Official List and to trading 
on Euronext Dublin’s global exchange market. Euronext Dublin’s global exchange market is not a 
regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
As specified in the applicable Issue Terms, an issue of Notes may or may not be listed or admitted to 
trading, as the case may be, on Euronext Dublin and/or any other stock exchange or market as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
2. 
Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC. The 
address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium, the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and the 
address of DTC is 55 Water Street, New York, New York 10041, United States. 
The Issuer may make an application for any Notes issued by it in registered form to be accepted for 
trading in book-entry form by DTC. The Common Code or CUSIP, as applicable and the International 
Securities Identification Number (“ISIN”) for each Tranche of Notes will be set out in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
3. 
The Issuer may make an application for clearance of Notes through Euroclear Sweden and Euroclear 
Finland. The address of Euroclear Sweden is Euroclear Sweden AB, Box 191, 101 23 Stockholm, 
Sweden, the address of Euroclear Finland is Euroclear Finland Ltd., Visiting Address, Urho Kekkosen 
katu 5C, PO Box 1110 001001 Helsinki, Finland. 
4. 
None of the Issuers, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor will provide any post issuance 
information, except if required by any applicable laws and regulations. 
5. 
The Legal Entity Identifier of each of the Issuers is as follows: 
Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc.: 82VOJDD5PTRDMVVMGV31 
Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A.: 549300EVRWDWFJUNNP53 
6. 
The Legal Entity Identifier of each of the Guarantors is as follows: 
Citigroup Inc. (as the CGMHI Guarantor): 6SHGI4ZSSLCXXQSBB395 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited (as the CGMFL Guarantor): XKZZ2JZF41MRHTR1V493 
7. 
Information relating to the past and further performance and volatility of the Reference Item(s) is 
available from internationally recognised published or electronically displayed sources, including the 
relevant Electronic Page specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
8. 
Information relating to historic interest rates in the case of Floating Rate Notes is available from 
internationally recognised published or electronically displayed sources, including the relevant 
Electronic Page, Page or, as the case may be, page referred to in the applicable Floating Rate Option, in 
each case as specified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 162 ---
ISSUE OF NOTES 
162 
SECTION F.2 – ISSUE OF NOTES 
Notes will be issued on a continuous basis in series (each a “Series”). The Notes of each Series are intended to 
be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. 
Each Series of Notes may be issued in tranches (each a “Tranche”) having different issue dates but the terms 
otherwise identical to other Tranches constituting such series (or identical other than in respect of the first 
payment of interest). 
The specific terms of each Tranche will be set out in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 163 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE NOTES 
163 
SECTION F.3 – DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE NOTES 
The Notes may be non-interest bearing or interest bearing securities, securities which pay a fixed amount on 
redemption, and/or securities whose return (in respect to any interest payable on such securities and/or their 
redemption amount) is linked to one or more Reference Items. This section provides information in respect of 
certain product features and/or characteristics which may impact the return on the Notes. Investors should note 
that the product features and/or characteristics and their effect on the return on the Notes as described in this 
section are not intended to be exhaustive. Investors should also read the risk factors set out in Section B above 
and the Terms and Conditions. 
General 
Interest 
The Notes may or may not bear interest in the applicable Issue Terms. Where the Notes bear interest, then 
amounts in respect of interest due under the Notes will be determined by reference to the applicable fixed rate, 
floating rate, CMS rate, inflation rate, rate which is determined by reference to the number of days in the 
relevant interest period on which the accrual condition(s) are satisfied, rate determined by reference to a spread 
but, whether interest is due or not shall not otherwise be determined by reference to the performance of the 
relevant rate(s), inflation index or any other Reference Item(s).  
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer  
An optional redemption feature of Notes, as set out in General Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase) and any 
related provisions in the applicable Issue Terms, is likely to limit their market value. During any period when 
the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above 
the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective 
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate. You should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that 
time. 
Credit Linked Notes 
Credit Events  
The amount of principal and/or interest payable is dependent upon whether bankruptcy has occurred with 
respect to the Reference Entity and whether certain credit events (“Credit Events”) have occurred in respect 
of obligations of the Reference Entity that fall within a specified category (e.g., bonds, loans, borrowed money) 
and where applicable have specified characteristics (e.g., subordination, currency, governing law). Whereas 
bankruptcy is a Credit Event that relates to the Reference Entity itself, other Credit Events, such as failure to 
pay or restructuring, relate to obligations of the Reference Entity and only in the case of a restructuring credit 
event and in certain cases relating to failure to pay where the “2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019)” and “Credit Deterioration Requirement” apply in the relevant Issue 
Terms, deterioration of creditworthiness of the Reference Entity is a pre-condition for a Credit Event or Risk 
Event, as applicable, to occur. Depending on the terms of the Credit Linked Note, obligations for which the 
Reference Entity acts in a capacity other than direct obligor (for example, as a guarantor or insurer) may or may 
not be within the class of obligations that is relevant for the purposes of determining whether a Credit Event 
has occurred. Investors should additionally be aware that a Reference Entity may decide to restructure only

--- Page 164 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE NOTES 
164 
certain classes of its obligations and such a selective restructuring may not result in a Credit Event for the 
classes of obligations that are relevant for a particular Credit Linked Note. Investors should therefore carefully 
review the applicable Credit Events and their definitions under the Credit Linked Notes and independently 
evaluate its appropriateness to the objective for purchasing the Credit Linked Notes. 
Impact of a Credit Event or Risk Event on principal and interest 
If “2014 Reference Entity” applies, following a Credit Event which is a Governmental Intervention or certain 
Restructuring Credit Events, an Asset Package Credit Event may occur and the amount of principal payable 
may be determined based on the value of a package of assets which a relevant obligation of a Reference Entity 
has been converted into or exchanged for (which may be worth significantly less than the principal amount of 
such original obligation of such Reference Entity or, where such original obligation has been expropriated for 
no compensation, may be zero). Prospective investors in such Credit Linked Notes should be aware that 
depending on the terms thereof (i) they may receive no or a limited amount of interest, (ii) payment of principal 
or interest or delivery of any specified assets may occur at a different time than expected and (iii) they may lose 
all or a substantial portion of their investment. 
The occurrence of a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, in relation to any Reference Entity from time to 
time may result in either full or partial redemption of the Credit Linked Notes on the relevant Credit Event 
Redemption Date which shall depend on whether “Credit Payment on Maturity” or “Credit Payment Following 
Credit Event” applies (and additionally, in the case of Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, whether 
“Redemption in Part” or “Redemption in Full” applies) and any recovery (which could be zero) or any incurred 
recovery amounts (to the extent that such recovery falls within the tranche to which the Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes are exposed to (as applicable)) will be payable to the 
investor but the investor shall be exposed to all incurred losses (to the extent that such losses fall within the 
tranche to which the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes are 
exposed to (as applicable)), which will reduce its principal redemptions. Where “Physical Redemption” applies, 
the occurrence of a Credit Event may result in the redemption of the Credit Linked Notes based on the delivery 
of certain direct or indirect obligations of the affected Reference Entity, which may have a market value which 
is substantially less than their nominal amount. 
Following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, 
as applicable, investors should note that interest will cease to accrue on a specified portion of the relevant Credit 
Linked Notes as set out in the terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes depending on whether “Interest 
Accrual on Default” or “No Interest Accrual on Default” applies in the relevant Issue Terms.  
If “No Interest Accrual on Default” is applicable, interest will cease from the Interest Payment Date or LA 
Interest Payment Date, as applicable, immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date or 
Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable or where there is no Interest Payment Date or LA 
Interest Payment Date, as applicable, immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date or 
Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, the Issue Date. If “Interest Accrual on Default” is 
applicable, interest will cease to accrue on the first Business Day immediately following the Relevant Event 
Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable. In such case, interest shall 
accrue on the affected applicable proportion from (and including) the Interest Payment Date or LA Interest 
Payment Date, as applicable, immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk 
Event Determination Date, as applicable (or where there is no Interest Payment Date or LA Interest Payment 
Date, as applicable, immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event 
Determination Date, as applicable, the Issue Date) to (and including) the Relevant Event Determination Date 
or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable. With respect to the Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, interest will cease to accrue on the Principal Writedown

--- Page 165 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE NOTES 
165 
Amount with effect from the Credit Event Writedown Date, being the business day immediately following the 
Relevant Event Determination Date.  
The Issuer may also suspend interest in certain circumstances where (a) an Applicable DC Credit Event 
Question or a CE Resolution Notice, as applicable, has been submitted in respect of which a DC Resolution has 
not been published or the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has not resolved whether it will 
convene a meeting to Resolve the Applicable DC Credit Event Question or the matters described in the CE 
Resolution Notice, as applicable, or (b) where the Calculation Agent has determined that a Credit Event or a 
Risk Event, as applicable, could occur but no Credit Event Notice or Risk Event Notice, as applicable, has been 
provided to the Issuer and/or the Noteholders. In such circumstances, investors should note that the Issuer would 
suspend the maximum amount of interest payable assuming (i) the Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, 
had occurred, (ii) in the case of an M(M)R Restructuring or Restructuring, as applicable, as though no partial 
exercise occurred and (iii) where the amount to be withheld requires calculation of any recovery amount, a 
fixed recovery of zero per cent. applies. Such suspension of interest shall be effected although no Relevant 
Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date has actually occurred.  
Investors should be aware that payment of any interest wrongly suspended will be repayable in accordance with 
the terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes and where insufficient interest has been suspended (the 
absolute value of such interest shortfall constituting the Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount), such Interest 
Suspension Shortfall Amount shall be claimed by the Issuer from any future amount(s) payable or assets 
Delivered upon the redemption or, where applicable, write down in full of the relevant Credit Linked Notes 
(whether at maturity or upon early redemption). The Issuer however shall have no further claims against any 
investors for any Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount which cannot be deducted in full or in part (on account 
of the relevant redemption amount being insufficient). 
Interest (if applicable) shall continue to be suspended until the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee makes the relevant announcements or the Calculation Agent determines that no Relevant Event 
Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, can occur. In such 
circumstances, investors should note that they may not receive any interest for multiple Interest Periods and no 
liability will attach to the Issuer for any such non-payment of interest.  
Interest will otherwise continue to accrue as usual on any remaining portion of the Credit Linked Note 
unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, to and excluding the earlier to 
occur of any full redemption at Scheduled Maturity Date or any relevant early redemption. Where “Credit 
Payment on Maturity applies”, additional interest shall accrue on the Credit Linked Notes in respect of the 
Credit Payment on Maturity Amount at the funding interest rate.  
Investors should note that the Issuer is not obliged to suffer any loss as a result of a Credit Event or Risk Event. 
Credit losses on Credit Linked Notes will be calculated irrespective of whether the Issuer has suffered an actual 
loss in relation to a Reference Entity or any obligations thereof. The Issuer is not obliged to account for any 
recovery which it may subsequently make in relation to such Reference Entity or its obligations. 
Successors 
Investors should note that, from time to time, the Reference Entity may be subject to change following the 
determination of any successors to the Reference Entity, and the creditworthiness of such successors may have 
an impact on the value of, and return on, the Credit Linked Notes. 
Broadly, “successor” means, the entity or entities, if any, determined to have succeeded to a requisite amount 
of relevant obligations of the Reference Entity. For a Sovereign Reference Entity, an entity may only be a 
successor to a Reference Entity that is a sovereign following the occurrence of a unification, annexation, 
unification, secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or other similar event.

--- Page 166 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE NOTES 
166 
The Calculation Agent will be responsible for determining, as soon as reasonably practicable after it becomes 
aware of the relevant succession (but, where “2003 Reference Entity” applies, no earlier than 14 calendar days 
after the legally effective date of the relevant succession event), the sovereign or entity, if any, that qualifies as 
the successor. The Credit Linked Conditions provide that if a Reference Entity has more than one successor, the 
Calculation Agent shall amend the terms of the Credit Linked Notes, without consent of the investors, to reflect 
that the relevant Reference Entity has been succeeded by more than one successor and for the purposes of 
calculation, the affected notional representing such Reference Entity will be divided equally among the 
successors. Following such determination, the Credit Linked Notes shall remain outstanding in an amount equal 
to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount and interest will accrue on such amount in accordance with the 
adjustments determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner 
to reflect the economic effects of the identification of more than one successor, considered in the aggregate. 
Investors should note that the Credit Linked Note may reference substantially different credit risks following 
the determination of one or more successors. These credit risks could potentially be greater or lesser than the 
credit risk of the original Reference Entity. Investors should also be aware that the determination of a successor 
will not necessarily result in the assumption of that obligation by the successor either at all or in the same 
proportion as the allocation of the notional amount of the original Credit Linked Note. Such changes to the 
Credit Linked Notes could adversely impact the value of the Credit Linked Notes. 
Exposure to Credit Events and successions prior to the Trade Date or Issue Date 
The Credit Event Backstop Date represents the first day of the credit protection period for a Series of Credit 
Linked Notes. The default position under the Credit Linked Conditions is for the Credit Event Backstop Date 
to be determined on a rolling basis by reference to a look-back period of 60 calendar days from the Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date or the effective date of the Credit Event Notice, as applicable. Investors should 
accordingly note a Credit Event occurring prior to the Trade Date or Issue Date may result in a Credit Event 
being triggered under such Credit Linked Notes. Investors should also note that this will not be the case where 
the terms of the Credit Linked Notes expressly specify the Credit Event Backstop Date as the Trade Date or the 
Issue Date. Credit Linked Notes may also be exposed to Successor determinations in respect of events occurring 
prior to the Trade Date or Issue Date as, where “2014 Reference Entity” applies, the Credit Linked Notes have 
a similar backstop date (referred to as “Successor Backstop Date” where “2014 Reference Entity” applies and 
“Succession Event Backstop Date” where “2003 Reference Entity” applies), which is a look-back period of 
90 calendar days prior to the date of a request to convene the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee (or, if applicable, the effective date of a notice to the investor describing the relevant succession) is 
applicable for the purposes of any Successor determination. In both cases, investors should note that a Credit 
Event or succession that occurred prior to the Trade Date or Issue Date could affect the relevant Credit Linked 
Notes. In respect of a Series of Credit Linked Notes to which “2014 Reference Entity” applies, where on or 
after 1 January 2014, an entity assumes all of the obligations (including at least one relevant obligation) of a 
Reference Entity which is not a sovereign, in circumstances where a Reference Entity has ceased to exist, or is 
in the process of being dissolved and has not issued or incurred any borrowed money obligation at any time 
since the legally effective date of the assumption (such entity, a “Universal Successor”), the look-back period 
of 90 calendar days will not apply.  
Investors should conduct their own review of any recent developments with respect to any Reference Entity(ies) 
by consulting publicly available information. If, prior to the Trade Date or Issue Date, a request to convene a 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to determine whether a Credit Event or Successor determination 
has occurred with respect to a Reference Entity has been made, details of such request may be found on the DC 
Secretary’s webpage at https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor website). If a Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has not been convened to determine such matter as of the Trade Date 
or Issue Date, investors should note that one may still be convened after the Trade Date or Issue Date in respect 
of an event that has occurred which occurs up to 60 days (in the case of a Credit Event), 90 days in the case of

--- Page 167 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE NOTES 
167 
the determination of a Successor) or any time (in the case of the determination of a Universal Successor, where 
applicable) before the date of a request to convene such Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to make 
the relevant determinations. Equally, Credit Events and successions may occur but where issues are not raised 
within the requisite time period to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to qualify for a Credit 
Event or a qualifying succession, the events will not impact the relevant Credit Linked Notes, subject to any 
further actions undertaken by the Calculation Agent (where applicable).  
Reference Obligations under the Credit Linked Notes 
Where “2014 Reference Entity” applies and “Standard Reference Obligation” is specified as “Applicable” in 
the relevant Issue Terms, the reference obligation will be the obligation specified as the market standard 
reference obligation for the relevant Reference Entity for the relevant seniority level (the “Standard Reference 
Obligation” or “SRO”) when such SRO is published on the relevant SRO list and from the date of such 
publication any non-standard reference obligation set out in the relevant Issue Terms (if any) will no longer be 
the reference obligation. The rules outlining the selection and replacement of the Standard Reference Obligation 
are contained within the rules relating to Standard Reference Obligation, as published by ISDA (www.isda.org 
or any successor website) and as amended and/or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms 
thereof (the “SRO Rules”). The SRO for a relevant seniority level will only be replaced by the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee by majority vote in certain circumstances set out in the SRO Rules (for 
example, if the Standard Reference Obligation matures, is redeemed or is no longer an obligation of the 
Reference Entity, or in the case of where Financial Reference Entities is stated to be applicable in the Issue 
Terms and where “Mod R” or “Mod Mod R” applies, if the Standard Reference Obligation has less than one 
year remaining maturity and a replacement Standard Reference Obligation is available in the first maturity 
bucket, amongst others) after performing the necessary legal review and the Calculation Agent, the Issuer, the 
Dealer and/or one or more of their respective affiliates are not under an obligation to replace the SRO if a 
substitution event occurs. The Issue Terms may specify that Standard Reference Obligation does not apply, in 
which case the Reference Obligation will be the non-standard reference obligation specified in the Issue Terms, 
if any. Where certain substitution events occur with respect to such non-standard reference obligations, the 
Calculation Agent will attempt to substitute the same in accordance with the criteria and conditions set out in 
the Credit Linked Notes.  
Where a Reference Obligation Only Series is specified as applicable in the Issue Terms, the Credit Linked Notes 
shall early redeem without any substitution of the reference obligation where the reference obligation is 
redeemed in whole but otherwise, no substitution will be required if the aggregate amounts under the said 
obligation have reduced or it no longer is an obligation of the Reference Entity. 
Asset Package Delivery 
Under the Credit Linked Conditions, where “2014 Reference Entity” applies, asset package delivery provisions 
may apply in respect of a Financial Reference Entity in certain circumstances if either (i) a “Governmental 
Intervention” Credit Event has occurred or (ii) if “Restructuring” is an applicable Credit Event, a restructuring 
has occurred in respect of the reference obligation of a Financial Reference Entity, and such restructuring does 
not constitute a “Governmental Intervention” Credit Event. Asset package delivery options may also apply in 
respect of certain Sovereigns subject to restructuring of a package observable bond if Package Observable 
Bonds, being a certain number of deliverable bonds of the sovereign, exist. Following a “Governmental 
Intervention” Credit Event or a restructuring of a reference obligation, in each case in respect of a Financial 
Reference Entity, or in the case of certain sovereigns subject to restructuring of a package observable bond, 
provided that there was an existing obligation of the Reference Entity which, immediately prior to the relevant 
event constituted a deliverable obligation (a “Prior Deliverable Obligation” in the case of a Financial 
Reference Entity and “Package Observable Bond” in the case of certain sovereigns), the assets which result

--- Page 168 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE NOTES 
168 
from such Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond can be used for the purposes of redeeming 
the Credit Linked Notes (such redemption “Asset Package Delivery”).  
Asset Package Delivery may apply if an Asset Package Credit Event occurs unless (i) such Asset Package Credit 
Event occurs prior to the Credit Event Backstop Date determined in respect of the Credit Event that triggered 
redemption, (ii) the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and no Package Observable Bond exists immediately prior 
to such Asset Package Credit Event, or (iii) the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and “2014 Sovereign No Asset 
Package Delivery Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014)” is 
specified as “Applicable” in the relevant Issue Terms (even if such a Package Observable Bond has been 
published by ISDA or any other successor entity).  
Asset Package Delivery may apply in circumstances where the deliverable obligation has either been converted 
into something that does not constitute a deliverable obligation (e.g. equity), written-down in part (such that it 
becomes uneconomic to deliver) or written-down in full (such that it is uneconomic to deliver, but in any event, 
there is no obligation that can actually be delivered). In such circumstances, investors should note that the 
Outstanding Principal Balance will be treated to be the Outstanding Principal Balance immediately prior to the 
relevant Asset Package Credit Event and where the Outstanding Principal Balance is deemed to be written down 
to zero, the Asset Package shall be deemed to be zero and delivery of the Package Observable Bond or Prior 
Deliverable Obligation will be deemed to have been satisfied in full. For the purposes of Asset Package 
Delivery, the asset package for any holder of the relevant Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable 
Bond will consist of all of the assets in the proportion received or retained by such holder in connection with 
the Asset Package Credit Event. The relevant asset package must be delivered in the proportion received or 
retained by such a holder. If the asset package is not capable of being transferred (excluding due to market 
conditions) or is not of the type typically traded in, or suitable for being traded in, financial markets, the asset 
shall be deemed to be an amount of cash equal to the market value thereof by the Calculation Agent by reference 
to an appropriate specialist valuation or in accordance with the methodology determined by the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee. In such case, Asset Package Delivery will occur by payment of such 
cash amount. 
Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligations 
Investors should note that where Asset Package Delivery is not applicable, an Obligation of a Reference Entity 
which is a Sovereign (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) (a) in respect of which a 
Restructuring that is the subject of the Credit Event Notice or DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred 
and (b) which meets the deliverable obligation criteria falling within the specific category (Bond and/or Loan) 
and meeting certain characteristics immediately preceding the date on which such Restructuring is legally 
effective in accordance with the terms of the documentation governing such Restructuring remains a good 
deliverable for the purposes of inclusion on any Final List or Physical Redemption save that unlike in the case 
of Asset Package Delivery, the outstanding principal balance will not be deemed to be such outstanding 
principal balance prior to the restructuring credit event but will be assessed as per the terms of the Credit Linked 
Note at the time of determination. Accordingly, the Issuer may be required to deliver additional deliverable 
obligations in order to meet the outstanding principal balance requirements for delivery. 
M(M)R Restructuring and Movement Option 
If “Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation Applicable” or “Modified 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation Applicable” is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, depending on whether “2003 Reference Entity” or “2014 Reference Entity” applies, and 
M(M)R Restructuring occurs, investors should note that the deliverable obligations which qualify for inclusion 
on the Final List or for “Physical Redemption” must not only meet the specific deliverability obligation category 
or characteristics but is further restricted by virtue of its tenor to maturity. Accordingly, the loss suffered by an

--- Page 169 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE NOTES 
169 
investor will depend on the recovery (expressed as a percentage) for the relevant deliverables. Longer dated 
obligations are subjected to lower recovery in comparison with the shorter dated obligations. Where the 
Calculation Agent determines in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring that a No Auction Announcement Date has 
occurred in certain circumstances, it may elect (in its sole and absolute discretion) to deliver a Notice to Exercise 
Movement Option to the Issuer in order for redemption to be effected by virtue of the relevant Auction 
Redemption Amount being determined by reference to a “Parallel Auction” identified by the Calculation Agent 
in the Notice to Exercise Movement Option, where the permissible deliverables are more limited in order to 
accommodate “Auction Redemption”. Accordingly, in these circumstances, the loss suffered by an investor will 
depend on the recovery for the deliverable obligations associated with the particular “Parallel Auction”.  
Auction Redemption following a Credit Event 
If “Auction Redemption” is applicable with respect to the Credit Linked Notes, then the amounts payable under 
the Credit Linked Notes will be determined on the basis of the final price determined pursuant to the auction 
procedure set out in the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms (then available at 
https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor website)). In respect of specified obligations 
of the relevant Reference Entity, provided that the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee determines 
that an applicable auction will be held, an auction final price determination date will occur. Credit losses 
determined pursuant to a market auction process may be greater or less than the losses which would have been 
determined in the absence of the auction. In particular, the auction process may be affected by technical factors 
or operational errors, which would not otherwise apply or may be the subject of actual or attempted 
manipulation. The administrator(s) specified in the auction settlement terms conduct auctions. Investors are 
subject to the risk that where a final price is determined in accordance with an auction, this may result in a lower 
recovery value than an obligation of the Reference Entity would have had if such final price had been 
determined pursuant to alternative methods.  
In addition, the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee may amend the form of auction settlement terms 
for a particular auction. The DC Rules provide for certain amendments by resolution of a convened Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee. Other amendments may be made subject to a public comment period; 
however, the DC Rules permit the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to forego a public comment 
period by supermajority action. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms for a particular auction will be on similar terms to the form of auction settlement terms or the 
terms of previous auctions. 
Where the only relevant Credit Event is a restructuring, several concurrent but separate auctions may occur 
with respect to the Reference Entity and such Credit Event. The auction settlement amount may be based on 
the price of one or more obligations of the Reference Entity having a final maturity date different from the 
restructured obligation. 
Although auctions can generally be expected to be held for Reference Entities that are widely traded in the 
credit markets, there can be no assurance that an auction will be held for future Credit Events or that, if held, 
the auction will result in the determination of an auction final price. If an auction is not held or fails to result in 
the determination of an auction final price (as might occur if an auction is cancelled by the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee due, for example, to an inability to obtain the requisite number of initial bids) and 
if “Auction Redemption” is applicable with respect to the Credit Linked Notes, then the “Fallback Redemption 
Method” shall apply which, depending on the nature of the Credit Linked Notes being redeemed, may be cash 
redemption, or physical redemption. In such circumstances of cash redemption, the final price will be 
determined pursuant to the valuation method specified in the Credit Linked Notes.

--- Page 170 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE NOTES 
170 
Investors should carefully assess and understand the elections specified in relation to the relevant Credit Linked 
Notes and the circumstances and/or events as described above, which may affect the value of, and return on, 
such Credit Linked Notes. 
Physical redemption following a Credit Event or Risk Event 
Where “Physical Redemption” or “LA Physical Redemption” applies to Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer must 
select obligations of the Reference Entity that satisfy specified criteria and deliver those obligations to the 
investor in an amount determined in accordance with the terms of the Credit Linked Notes. Investors should be 
aware that physical redemption may not be possible to accomplish under some circumstances, including where 
the Issuer is unable to procure the specified or selected deliverable obligation(s) due to market dislocations or 
prior redemptions or refinancings by the Reference Entity, failure to receive necessary transfer consents (such 
as from a borrower or agent) or delays in receiving such consents, or court orders prohibiting transfers of an 
obligation. In such event, the terms of the Credit Linked Notes may provide the Issuer with alternative methods 
of settlement or permit partial cash settlement subject to certain conditions or specify other fallback 
consequences which may include redemption by way of payment of a cash amount. Further, where “Physical 
Redemption” applies, if all or any part of the Physical Redemption Assets that would be required to be Delivered 
to a Noteholder is not a whole integral multiple of the smallest unit of transfer for any such Physical Redemption 
Assets at the relevant time of Delivery, as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Issuer will only Deliver the 
portion of the Physical Redemption Assets specified by the Issuer which is as large a size as possible but less 
than the full Physical Redemption Assets, after consideration of such smallest unit or units of transfer and 
application of rounding. The value of the undelivered obligations will be deemed to be zero and the Issuer’s 
obligations to an investor in respect of such portion shall be fully and effectively discharged in such 
circumstances. Investors should understand the terms of the obligation and applicable securities laws as these 
may restrict their ability to take delivery of Deliverable Obligations. If investors are to receive Deliverable 
Obligations, investors should also note that delivery expenses will be taken into account in determining the 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount of the relevant Deliverable Obligations to be 
Delivered. 
Outstanding Principal Balance 
If “2014 Reference Entity” applies, the outstanding principal balance of a deliverable obligation is determined 
by calculating (i) the amount of all principal payment obligations of a Reference Entity in respect of such 
obligation, minus (ii) any unwind costs, any delivery expenses, any interest suspension shortfall amounts and 
any portion of such principal payment obligations that are subject to a contingency (other than certain permitted 
contingencies) or prohibited action (the amount determined in sub-paragraph (i) above less any amounts 
subtracted in accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) above, being the “Non-Contingent Amount”) and thereafter 
determining the lowest amount of the claim that could be validly asserted against a Reference Entity in respect 
of such Non-Contingent Amount if the obligation was redeemed or accelerated. If “2003 Reference Entity” 
applies, the outstanding principal balance of a deliverable obligation will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, and will similarly deduct any unwind costs, 
any delivery expenses and any interest suspension shortfall amounts. Accordingly, if payments of principal are 
subject to a contingency, the outstanding principal balance could be less than the principal balance (and 
depending upon the type of contingency, could even be zero). 
The quantum of the claim will be normally determined in accordance with any applicable law that reduce or 
discount the size of the claim to reflect the original issue price or accrued value of the obligation. Where the 
“2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019)” and “Fallback 
Discounting” both apply and if certain other conditions are met (being (a) the Outstanding Principal Balance of 
an obligation is not reduced or discounted in accordance with applicable law and (b) the issue price of a Bond 
or the amount advanced under a Loan is less than 95 per cent. of the principal redemption amount or principal

--- Page 171 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE NOTES 
171 
repayment amount (as applicable), and in each case, there are no provisions relating to the accretion over time 
of the amount which would be payable on an early redemption or repayment of such Bond or Loan that are 
customary for such Bond or Loan, as applicable), the Outstanding Principal Balance would instead be the lesser 
of (i) the Non-Contingent Amount and (ii) an amount determined by straight line interpolation between (A) the 
issue price of the Bond or the amount advanced under the Loan and (B) the principal redemption amount or 
principal repayment amount, as applicable. In such circumstances, prospective investors should note that upon 
Delivery by the Issuer of impacted Deliverable Obligations or LA Settlement Assets, as applicable, the amount 
received by the investor would potentially be further reduced which could result in an anticipated par claim 
being treated as less than par. 
Partial cash redemption and Fallback Cash Redemption  
The Issuer may be required to make a payment in cash to the Noteholders where, for example, physical delivery 
is illegal or impossible or the necessary consents for transfer of the relevant Deliverable Obligation have not 
been obtained. In addition, the Issuer may elect in lieu of delivering all or any part of the Asset Package to pay 
cash instead to investors the asset market value of any non-delivered asset package converted if necessary, into 
the currency of denomination of the Credit Linked Notes at the prevailing market rate of exchange determined 
by the Calculation Agent in good faith. Such asset market value may be determined by the Calculation Agent 
based on any specialised valuation or methodology determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee or the Calculation Agent or based on a value obtained as though “Cash Redemption” were to apply 
on a Valuation Date selected by the Calculation Agent.  
Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date 
The terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes allow for the Issuer in certain circumstances to attempt to 
continue performing its delivery obligations after the Physical Redemption Date. If Delivery is not completed 
in full by the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, in certain circumstances when the event affecting 
Delivery is cured, the Issuer may be required to complete Delivery on or prior to the Final Physical Redemption 
Cut-Off Date.  
Delivery of Loans 
Where physical redemption applies and to the extent investors would be required to receive loans as deliverable 
obligations under a Credit Linked Note, investors should be familiar with the documentation and settlement 
practices of the relevant secondary loan trading markets and applicable laws and regulations (including the legal 
consequences of furnishing or receiving non-public information regarding a Reference Entity).  
Provisions of the Reference Entity’s credit agreements may affect a party’s ability to deliver or receive loans, 
the economic consequences of doing so and whether loans meet deliverability criteria. Accordingly, investors 
should review such agreements carefully, including the provisions governing assignments, any collateral 
allocation mechanisms i.e., a mandatory exchange of obligations for other obligations under a credit agreement, 
not all of which may be deliverable and provisions that may require or entitle a lender to advance funds. 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to deliver 
Investors should note that a Payment/Delivery Failure Event will occur where certain relevant definitive Credit 
Linked Notes (other than Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit 
Linked Notes) and/or the Deliverable Obligation Notice are not delivered or there is a failure to duly execute, 
deliver and/or accept a transfer certificate or other transfer document on or before any Delivery Date and/or 
specify a date for transfer of the relevant Deliverable Obligation that is on or before any Delivery Date. In such 
case, investors should note that the obligations of the Issuer to procure Delivery of the Physical Redemption 
Assets and make any payment shall cease until such time, such event is cured whereupon deferred delivery 
shall apply or if “Fallback Cash Redemption” is specified to apply in the relevant Issue Terms, fallback cash

--- Page 172 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE NOTES 
172 
settlement shall apply. Investors will not be entitled to any payment, whether of interest or otherwise, in the 
event of such deferred delivery or payment. 
Cash Redemption or LA Cash Redemption following a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable 
If “Cash Redemption” or “LA Cash Redemption”, as applicable, applies to the Credit Linked Notes, then 
following the occurrence of a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, the Calculation Agent will be required 
to seek quotations in respect of selected obligations of the Reference Entity in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of the Credit Linked Notes. Investors should be aware that such obligations may no longer exist and 
no qualifying substitute obligations may have been identified, such quotations may not be available, or the level 
of such quotations may be substantially reduced as a result of illiquidity in the relevant markets or as a result of 
factors other than the credit risk of the Reference Entity (for example, liquidity constraints affecting market 
dealers). Moreover, the market value of a Reference Entity’s obligations may be highly volatile in the period 
following a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable. Accordingly, any quotations so obtained may be 
significantly lower than the value of the relevant obligation which would be determined by reference to (for 
example) the present value of related cash flows or the value that a party could obtain if it controlled the 
disposition of the obligations. Furthermore, the price of the selected obligations of the Reference Entity may be 
deemed to be zero in the event that no such quotations are available. Further, valuation of the selected 
obligations will be determined at a particular determination date and as such the recovery price which would 
be adopted in any loss amount or incurred loss amount that would be suffered by an investor following the 
occurrence of a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, will reflect the value of relevant obligations at a 
given date. As such, the exposure to loss suffered by an investor or any principal write-down may be more than 
that ultimately realised by a holder of debt obligations of the Reference Entity, whether by means of 
enforcement of rights following a default or receipt of distributions following an insolvency or otherwise. 
Investors should note that if an Asset Package Credit Event has occurred, (A) valuation of a Prior Deliverable 
Obligation or Package Observable Bond may be satisfied by valuation of the related Asset Package and such 
Asset Package shall be treated as having the same currency and Outstanding Principal Balance as that of the 
Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as applicable, to which it corresponds immediately 
prior to the Asset Package Credit Event, (B) if the Asset Package is zero, a Quotation shall be deemed to have 
been obtained for the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable 
Bond, as applicable, equal to zero. 
Further, where quotations are sought on an asset package, such asset package may contain assets which are hard 
to value and for which a valuation methodology may not be readily available or suitable, which may reduce the 
value of quotations or the availability of quotations that may otherwise have been obtained. Accordingly, 
investors should note that any quotations so obtained may be significantly lower than the value of the relevant 
obligation (or asset package) which would be determined by reference to (for example) the present value of 
related cash flows or the value that a party could obtain if it controlled the disposition of the obligations. 
Fixed Recovery Redemption or LA Fixed Recovery Redemption may be subject to a fixed recovery price 
If “Fixed Recovery Redemption” or “LA Fixed Recovery Redemption” applies to Credit Linked Notes and the 
Credit Event Redemption Amount of the Credit Linked Notes is calculated by reference to a fixed recovery 
price of the obligations of a Reference Entity(ies), the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as 
applicable, may result in the recovery being materially lower than the prevailing price of the relevant obligations 
of the relevant Reference Entity. Investors should note that redemption could occur with a Fixed Recovery 
Percentage set at zero per cent. where the Issue Terms specify accordingly.  
If the Fixed Recovery Percentage is zero, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date or 
Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, the occurrence of the Cash Redemption Date or the 
Final Cash Redemption Date, the LA Cash Redemption Date or Final LA Cash Redemption Date, as applicable,

--- Page 173 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE NOTES 
173 
shall fully and effectively discharge the Issuer’s obligation to redeem the relevant Credit Linked Notes in full. 
Investors should be aware that where the Fixed Recovery Percentage is zero, the loss amount in respect of the 
Affected Reference Entity will be 100 per cent. and, accordingly, no redemption amounts will be payable or 
assets deliverable to the Noteholders. Investors accordingly will bear the loss of their principal. 
No early redemption or Frustration 
Investors should note that the Credit Linked Notes will not early redeem and no frustration shall occur solely 
because the Reference Entity does not exist on, or ceases to exist on or following, the Trade Date or Issue Date 
or Obligations, Deliverable Obligations or the Reference Obligation do not exist on, or cease to exist on or 
following, the Trade Date or Issue Date. Accordingly, investors should conduct their own investigation as to the 
existence of a Reference Entity and/or relevant obligations prior to the purchase of the Credit Linked Notes to 
ensure that the exposure to the particular Reference Entity is within the contemplated objectives of the investor.  
Merger Events and Early Redemption in certain circumstances 
If “Redemption following Merger” is specified as being applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, investors should 
note that the Credit Linked Notes (other than Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes) may be 
redeemed earlier by the Issuer where it or the Calculation Agent determines that the Issuer or a Reference Entity 
consolidates or amalgamates with, or merges into, or transfers all or substantially all of its respective assets to, 
a Reference Entity or the Issuer, as applicable, or the Issuer and a Reference Entity become Affiliates. 
Accordingly, a Merger Event will result in the relevant Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full or in part at 
the Merger Redemption Amount. 
If a Reference Obligation is fully redeemed with respect to a Reference Obligation for a Series of Credit Linked 
Notes in respect of a Reference Entity to which “Reference Obligation Only” applies, investors should note that 
the relevant Credit Linked Notes shall be redeemed in part or in full at the Substitution Event Redemption 
Amount. In addition, where “2003 Reference Entity” applies only, if certain other substitution events occur with 
respect to the relevant Reference Obligations (such as the Reference Obligation ceasing to be an obligation of 
the Reference Entity) and the Calculation Agent fails to identify a Substitute Reference Obligation by the 
Extension Date, then where such Reference Obligations is the only Deliverable Obligation, the relevant Credit 
Linked Notes shall be redeemed in part or in full at the Substitution Event Redemption Amount. 
If the Credit Linked Notes are so redeemed early in the circumstances described above, the Issuer will pay to 
investors, as holder of such Notes, an amount specified in the General Conditions or the Credit Linked 
Conditions or such other amount (or method for calculating the amount) specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
There is no guarantee that the amount repaid to any investor will be equal to or higher than the initial investment 
in the relevant Credit Linked Notes and such amount may be substantially less than such initial investment.  
Relevant Credit Events and Relevant Risk Events disregarded 
Where a Relevant Credit Event or a Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, occurs immediately after an event 
triggering early redemption of the Credit Linked Notes, the occurrence of the Relevant Credit Event or Relevant 
Risk Event, as applicable, will be disregarded (to the extent that the relevant Credit Linked Notes have not 
already been redeemed in full and cancelled) and the Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, 
Merger Redemption Amount or the Substitution Event Redemption Amount, as applicable, payable to 
Noteholders will be determined on the basis of the event triggering early redemption of the Credit Linked Notes 
only.

--- Page 174 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE NOTES 
174 
Local Access Credit Linked Notes  
Risk Events 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes may be redeemed 
pursuant to the occurrence of any Credit Event or an Additional Risk Event (together, the “Risk Events”) in 
respect of one or more Reference Entities and, in either case, unless the Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes are fixed recovery, on the value of certain specified 
assets of any such Reference Entities or where, if any of such events has occurred, on settlement the Issuer’s 
obligation is to deliver certain specified assets. Any such settlement will be reduced to take into account any 
Unwind Costs and so will depend upon the level of such Unwind Costs. 
Additional Risk Events are indicative of defaults or risks specific to certain local access jurisdictions and will 
apply to Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes to the 
extent that such events apply in the relevant Issue Terms. Prospective investors should note that not all possible 
Additional Risk Events are related directly to default or credit risk in respect of a Reference Entity or default in 
respect of the Reference Investor Assets and such Additional Risk Events may include, without limitation, the 
occurrence of one or more of the following: 
(a) 
an Inconvertibility Event - the occurrence after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of any event or 
condition that has the effect of it being impossible, illegal or impracticable for, or of prohibiting, 
restricting or materially delaying the ability of, any Reference Investor (i) to convert currency; or (ii) to 
effect currency transactions on terms as favourable as those available to residents of the Reference 
Jurisdiction; or (iii) to freely and unconditionally transfer or repatriate any funds from accounts inside 
the Reference Jurisdiction to accounts outside the Reference Jurisdiction or between accounts inside the 
Reference Jurisdiction; or (iv) to receive the full value of any cash payment made under the Reference 
Investor Assets due to the introduction after the Additional Risk Event Start Date by any Governmental 
Authority of a new currency regime (including the introduction of a dual currency regime) or the 
imposition of currency exchange limitations; 
(b) 
an Ownership Restriction Event - the occurrence after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of any event 
or existence of any condition that has the effect of it being illegal, impossible or impracticable for, or 
has the effect of prohibiting, restricting or materially delaying the ability of, any Reference Investor to 
purchase, hold, receive, sell, freely transfer or remain the owner of any Reference Investor Asset or any 
amount received in respect thereof; 
(c) 
a Settlement/Custodial Event - (i) the occurrence after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of the 
bankruptcy of any Custodian or (ii) in respect of the Reference Investor Assets owned by a Reference 
Investor or any amount received in respect thereof, a Custodian (A) fails to perform in a timely manner 
any or all of its obligations owed under any Reference Custodial/Settlement Arrangement, or (B) fails 
to take any action when instructed to do so by a Reference Investor, or (C) takes any action which is 
contrary to the terms of any Reference Custodial/Settlement Arrangement; in each case that affects or 
may affect, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the hedging arrangements of the Issuer and/or 
any of its Affiliates in respect of the Issuer’s obligations with respect to the Local Access Single Name 
Credit Linked Note(s) or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note(s); 
(d) 
a Reference Assets Liquidation Value Trigger Event – in respect of Local Access Basket Credit Linked 
Notes only, the delivery after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of a notification from the Calculation 
Agent (acting in its sole and absolute discretion) to the Issuer that it has determined that the weighted 
average of the Reference Assets Liquidation Value of the Reference Assets of each Reference Entity then 
comprising the Reference Registry is equal to or less than the Reference Assets Trigger Level of the 
aggregate Settlement Currency Principal Amount of all Reference Assets;

--- Page 175 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE NOTES 
175 
(e) 
a Non-Viability Trigger Event – the occurrence after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of such event 
as defined under and occurring pursuant to the terms of the Reference Assets Conditions relating to the 
relevant Reference Asset (including (i) any relevant authority having decided that without a conversion 
or write-off with respect to the Reference Entity, the Reference Entity would become non-viable; (ii) 
any relevant authority having decided that a public sector injection of capital or equivalent support is 
necessary with respect to the Reference Entity, without which the Reference Entity would become non-
viable; (iii) any relevant capital adequacy ratio with respect to the Reference Entity falling below the 
relevant percentage and/or threshold prescribed in the Reference Assets Conditions and/or (iv) any other 
events (however described) which are similar in nature to the events described in (i) to (iii)), provided 
that the Calculation Agent may determine any such event under and occurring pursuant to the terms of 
the Reference Assets Conditions relating to such Reference Assets and/or the Reference Entity 
constitutes a Non-Viability Trigget Event; 
(f) 
a Market Value Trigger Event – the delivery after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of a notification 
from the Calculation Agent (acting in its sole and absolute discretion) to the Issuer that it has determined 
that on any Business Day the Fair Market Value of the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, is equal to, or less than, the Market Value 
Trigger Level of the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked Notes on such date;  
(g) 
a Reference Assets Restructuring Event – the cancellation, reduction, suspension or deferral (in whole 
or in part) after the Additional Risk Event Start Date of any interest, dividend or any other form of 
distribution in respect of the Reference Assets underlying the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, on the due date for payment thereof 
(whether under the Reference Assets Conditions or otherwise) or, in respect of such Reference Assets, a 
reduction in its rate of interest, dividend or distribution from the rate of interest, divided or distribution 
applicable to such Reference Assets on the Issue Date, in each case for any reason whatsoever; and 
(h) 
any other Additional Risk Event specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.   
The loss incurred by an Investor may be unrelated to or disproportionate in comparison with the Additional 
Risk Event itself. Moreover, the Calculation Agent may designate an Additional Risk Event, which could cause 
such losses to be incurred by an Investor, if the Additional Risk Event occurs at any time during the term of the 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, whether or not 
the Additional Risk Event is ongoing or effective or has been remedied or cured at the time such designation 
has been made. 
Exposure to Reference Asset 
In respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes for 
which Reference Assets Only Settlement is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, following a 
Risk Event, the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes 
will be redeemed by valuation or delivery (as applicable) of the Reference Asset in respect of a Reference Entity 
(rather than obligations of the relevant Reference Entity generally). It follows therefore that returns on such 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes may be adversely 
affected by circumstances affecting the Reference Asset even where other obligations of the Reference Entity 
are not affected. The creditworthiness or market value of the relevant Reference Asset may be less favourable 
than other obligations of the relevant Reference Entity due to liquidity, marketability, circumstances of 
origination, legal or validity risks, local access risks described below, or one or more other characteristics. 
Investors in the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes 
should understand that their recovery in relation to the relevant Reference Asset may be substantially less than 
for more generally representative obligations of the relevant Reference Entity.

--- Page 176 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE NOTES 
176 
Currency Risks 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes may be payable 
in a currency different from the currency in which a Reference Asset is payable, and may have economic 
features equivalent to a currency derivative in which the cash flows on such Reference Asset are exchanged for 
the specified cash flows payable on the Notes.  
Investors may therefore be exposed to fluctuations in the relevant exchange rate where ongoing calculations 
under the Notes include a currency exchange rate or due to Unwind Costs which may be deducted on certain 
redemptions of the Notes (for example following a Risk Event) and which may include one or more components 
linked to the currency of the Notes and/or a Reference Asset and/or the costs of termination or replacement of 
any such embedded currency derivative and may be substantially affected by changes in the relative value of 
such currencies. 
Exchange rates can be volatile and unpredictable. Investors should be aware of the possibility of significant 
changes in rates of exchange between the currency of the Notes and the currency of a Reference Asset. The 
value of the Notes on any date may be substantially less than would otherwise be the case if a currency exchange 
rate is included in ongoing calculations under the Notes and the currency in which a Reference Asset is payable 
depreciates in value relative to the currency in which the Notes are payable or, if the Notes reflect an embedded 
currency derivative and the currency in which a Reference Asset is payable appreciates in value relative to the 
currency in which the Notes are payable (due to the potential deduction of Unwind Costs, which may be 
substantial, if the Notes are redeemed).  
Prospective investors should in particular be aware that, due to exchange rate fluctuations as well as the other 
risks set out herein and depending upon the terms of the Notes: 
(a) 
the market price of the Notes may be very volatile; 
(b) 
payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time or in a different currency than expected; 
(c) 
they may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal and/or interest payments;  
(d) 
the relevant currencies may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in 
interest rates, currencies or other indices; and 
(e) 
the timing of changes in a relevant currency may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average 
level is consistent with their expectations.  
In general, the earlier the change in the relevant currency, the greater the effect on yield. 
Index Skew Notes 
The Index Skew Notes are linked, through a Hypothetical Skew Transaction constituting a combination of (i) 
an index linked credit derivative transaction (“Index CDS”) and (ii) individual credit default swaps on the 
Reference Entities included in the index underlying the Index CDS (the “component CDSs”). Where the Issuer 
is the protection seller under the Index CDS it is the protection buyer under the component CDSs, and vice 
versa. The value of the combined positions reflects the difference (the “skew”) between the value of the Index 
CDS and the aggregate value of its component CDSs. Although each constituent of the Hypothetical Skew 
Transaction is intended to give rise to an equal and opposite payment obligation on each Fixed Rate Payer 
Payment Date, Auction Settlement Date or Cash Settlement Date (as applicable), no actual payments will be 
due from the Issuer to the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty or vice versa due to the application of payment 
netting.

--- Page 177 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE RETURN ON THE NOTES 
177 
The value of an Index CDS may differ from the aggregate value of its component CDSs for several reasons, 
including (a) differences in liquidity and other characteristics in the markets for the Index CDS and the 
component CDSs; (b) differences in relevant terms of the Index CDS and its component CDSs; (c) factors that 
affect the activities of arbitrageurs; and (d) changes in the default correlation among the Reference Entities 
included in the Index CDS. 
As the notional of the Hypothetical Skew Transactions may be far greater than the principal amount issued 
under the Index Skew Notes, the value of the Index Skew Notes may be very volatile and any Index Skew Early 
Redemption Amount will be linked to, among other things, the difference between the pricing of credit 
protection on the relevant index and the market levels of the constituent single name Reference Entities that 
comprise the relevant index.  
Liquidity differences may make a greater contribution to skew during periods of heightened volatility, as the 
value of the more liquid instrument(s) may change more quickly than the value of the less liquid instrument(s). 
Furthermore, during periods when transaction costs (such as funding costs and bid-ask spreads) to market 
participants increase, skew may become greater, as the increased transaction costs may reduce the activities of 
arbitrageurs (i.e. market participants that seek to profit from the skew and, in the process, tend to reduce it). 
Although the payments under a Hypothetical Skew Transaction is intended to be equal to zero due to the 
application of payment netting as described above, if the Index Skew Notes were to be redeemed early 
(including pursuant to an Early Redemption Event such as a Section 871(m) Event or a Hedging Disruption 
Early Termination Event), a termination payment would be determined in respect of each constituent transaction 
within the relevant Hypothetical Skew Transactions and the aggregate of such termination payments may result 
in an amount being payable by the Issuer to the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty or by the Hypothetical Swap 
Counterparty to the Issuer which could result in the Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount 
(as the case may be) due to Noteholders being reduced further if the Issuer is required to make a payment to the 
Hypothetical Swap Counterparty for such termination payment or if the Issuer is subject to further Unwind 
Costs. 
In addition, prospective investors in the Index Skew Notes should be aware that no notifications shall be given 
by the Issuer or any other party to Noteholders following the occurrence of a Credit Event. To the extent that 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee determines that a Credit Event has occurred in 
respect of a particular entity, information will be published on the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees website at https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor website).

--- Page 178 ---
FORM OF THE NOTES 
178 
SECTION F.4 – FORM OF THE NOTES 
Subject as provided below in relation to Swedish Notes and Finnish Notes, the Notes of each Series will be in 
registered form. Registered Notes may be offered and sold either outside the United States to non-U.S. persons 
in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”) or, in the case of Registered Notes 
representing Notes issued by CGMHI, within the United States to QIBs (as defined below) in reliance on Rule 
144A under the Securities Act (“Rule 144A”). 
Notes that are not Swedish Notes or Finnish Notes  
The Registered Notes of each Tranche offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S, which will be sold in 
offshore transactions to persons that are not U.S. persons outside the United States, will be represented by a 
Regulation S Global Registered Note Certificate (a “Regulation S Global Registered Note Certificate”). 
Beneficial interests in a Regulation S Global Registered Note Certificate may not be offered, sold or transferred 
at any time in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person and may not be held 
otherwise than through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and such Regulation S Global Registered Note 
Certificate will bear a legend regarding such restrictions on transfer. As used herein, the term “U.S. person” 
refers to any person who is (i) a “U.S. person” within the meaning of Regulation S or (ii) a “United States 
person” within the meaning of section 7701(a)(30) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
Each Note Certificate will be numbered serially with an identifying number which will be recorded in the 
Register. 
The Registered Notes representing Notes of each Tranche offered and sold in reliance on Rule 144A, which 
may only be issued by CGMHI, may only be offered and sold in private transactions to “qualified institutional 
buyers” within the meaning of Rule 144A (“QIBs”). The Registered Notes representing Notes of each Tranche 
sold to QIBs will be represented by a Rule 144A Global Registered Note Certificate (a “Rule 144A Global 
Registered Note Certificate” and, together with a Regulation S Global Registered Note Certificate, the 
“Global Registered Note Certificates”), and beneficial interests in such Global Registered Note Certificates 
may not be offered, sold or otherwise transferred at any time except to a QIB purchasing (or holding) the Notes 
for its account or for the account of one or more QIBs in reliance on Rule 144A. 
Global Registered Note Certificates will either (i) be deposited with a custodian for, and registered in the name 
of a nominee of, the Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) for the accounts of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or (ii) be deposited with a common depositary or if the Global Registered Note Certificate is to be 
held under the new safekeeping structure (the “NSS”) a common safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”), as 
the case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and registered in the name of a common nominee 
of a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of the 
Common Safekeeper, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. Persons holding beneficial interests in Global 
Registered Note Certificates will be entitled or required, as the case may be, to receive physical delivery of 
definitive Notes in fully registered form. 
Where the Global Registered Note Certificate issued in respect of any Tranche is intended to be held under the 
NSS, the applicable Issue Terms will indicate whether or not such Global Registered Note Certificate is intended 
to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Global Registered 
Note Certificate is to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any time during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of 
the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The common safekeeper for a Global Registered Note Certificate held under

--- Page 179 ---
FORM OF THE NOTES 
179 
the NSS will either by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The Rule 144A Global Registered Note Certificate will be subject to certain restrictions on transfer described 
in such Rule 144A Global Registered Note Certificate and will bear a legend regarding such restrictions. 
Swedish Notes 
Notwithstanding the foregoing Swedish Notes will be issued in dematerialised and uncertificated book-entry 
form in accordance with the Swedish Act on Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments 
Accounts (Sw; lag (1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella instrument) (the 
“SFIA Act”), other applicable Swedish legislation and the rules and regulations applicable to, and/or issued by, 
Euroclear Sweden. Swedish Notes will not be issued in definitive or global form. 
Swedish Notes will be registered in a register kept by Euroclear Sweden on behalf of the Issuer (the “Swedish 
Notes Register”) and payments of principal, interest, termination or any other amounts on Swedish Notes will 
be made by Euroclear Sweden on behalf of the Issuer to the persons registered as holders of such Swedish Notes 
in the Swedish Notes Register on the fifth Stockholm Banking Day prior to the due date of the relevant payment. 
Finnish Notes 
Notwithstanding the foregoing Finnish Notes will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry-
form in accordance with the Finnish Act on the Book-Entry System and Clearing Operations, (Fin. laki arvo-
osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta (348/2017, as amended)) and with the Finnish Act on Book-Entry 
Accounts, (Fin. laki arvo-osuustileistä (827/1991, as amended)) other applicable Finnish legislation and the 
rules, regulations and decisions applicable to, and/or issued by, Euroclear Finland. Finnish Notes will not be 
issued in definitive form. 
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate held on behalf of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) 
who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a 
particular principal amount or number of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued 
by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the principal amount or number of such Notes standing to the 
account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall 
be treated by the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI), the CGMFL Guarantor (where 
the Issuer is CGMFL) and the Agents as the holder of such principal amount or number of such Notes for all 
purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal, interest, termination or any other amounts in 
respect of the Notes, for which purpose the registered holder of the relevant Global Registered Note Certificate 
shall be treated by the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI), the CGMFL Guarantor 
(where the Issuer is CGMFL) and each Agent as the holder of such principal amount or number of such Notes 
in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Registered Note Certificate, and the 
expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
So long as DTC or its nominee is the registered owner or holder of a Global Registered Note Certificate, DTC 
or such nominee, as the case may be, will be considered the sole owner or holder of the Notes represented by 
such Global Registered Note Certificate for all purposes under the Fiscal Agency Agreement and such Notes 
except to the extent that, in accordance with DTC’s published rules and procedures, any ownership rights may 
be exercised by its participants or beneficial owners through participants.

--- Page 180 ---
FORM OF THE NOTES 
180 
Notes which are represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate will be transferable only in accordance 
with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or DTC, as 
the case may be, subject to the restrictions on transfer described in this Base Prospectus. Each of the persons 
shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC as the beneficial holder of a particular 
principal amount or number of Notes represented by such Global Registered Note Certificate must look solely 
to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC, as the case may be, for his share of each payment made by 
the Issuer or, where the Issuer is CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor or, where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL 
Guarantor to the holder of such Global Registered Note Certificate and the obligations of the Issuer in respect 
of the relevant Notes will be discharged by payment to the holder of such Global Registered Note Certificate in 
respect of each amount so paid. 
Exchanges 
Exchange of Global Registered Note Certificates 
A Global Registered Note Certificate may be exchanged in whole but not in part (free of charge) for definitive 
Registered Note Certificates only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. 
An “Exchange Event” means: 
(a) 
an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; or 
(b) 
if the Global Registered Note Certificate is registered in the name of a nominee for a common depositary 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of the Common Safekeeper, as 
the case may be, the Issuer has been notified that Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be, has/have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of 
holiday, statutory or otherwise) or has/have announced an intention permanently to cease business or 
has/have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available; or 
(c) 
if the Global Registered Note Certificate is registered in the name of a nominee for DTC, either DTC 
has notified the Issuer that it is unwilling or unable to continue to act as depository for the Notes and no 
alternative clearing system is available or DTC has ceased to constitute a clearing agency registered 
under the Exchange Act and no successor clearing system is available; or 
(d) 
the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the 
Notes represented by the Registered Note Certificate in definitive form. 
The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholder upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. In the event of 
the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in paragraphs (a) to (c) above, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, and/or DTC, as the case may be, acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such 
Global Registered Note Certificate may give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange and, in the event of 
the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in paragraphs (a) to (d) above, the Issuer may also give notice 
to the Registrar requesting exchange. Any exchange shall occur no later than 10 days after the date of receipt 
of the relevant notice by the Registrar. 
Any exchanges of a Global Registered Note Certificate will be made upon presentation of the Global Registered 
Note Certificate at the specified office of the Registrar by the holder of it on any day (other than a Saturday or 
Sunday) on which banks are open for general business in the city of the specified office of the Registrar. 
Deed of Covenant 
Where any Note is represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate and (a) the Global Registered Note 
Certificate (or any part of such Global Registered Note Certificate) has become due and repayable in accordance

--- Page 181 ---
FORM OF THE NOTES 
181 
with the Conditions of such Notes or the Maturity Date has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the 
amount due has not been made to the holder of an interest in such Global Registered Note Certificate through 
the relevant Clearing System(s) on such date, or (b) following an Exchange Event, the Global Registered Note 
Certificate is not duly exchanged for Registered Note Certificates in definitive form by the date provided in the 
Global Registered Note Certificate, then from 8.00 p.m. (London time) on such date each holder of an interest 
in such Global Registered Note Certificate through the relevant Clearing System(s) will become entitled to 
proceed directly against the Issuer on, and subject to, the terms of the relevant Deed of Covenant, the relevant 
registered holder will have no further rights under the Global Registered Note Certificate (but without prejudice 
to the rights any person may have under the relevant Deed of Covenant). 
Clearing Systems 
Any reference in this Base Prospectus to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC, Euroclear Sweden 
and/or Euroclear Finland shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any 
additional or alternative clearance system specified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 182 ---
BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
182 
SECTION F.5 – BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of DTC, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear Sweden or Euroclear Finland (together, 
the “Clearing Systems”) currently in effect. 
The information in this section concerning the Clearing Systems has been obtained from sources that the Issuers 
believe to be reliable, but none of CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor and any 
Dealer takes any responsibility for the accuracy of such information, except that the Issuers and the CGMHI 
Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI) or the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) accept 
responsibility for accurately reproducing such information and, as far as the Issuers and the CGMHI Guarantor 
(where the Issuer is CGMHI) or the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) are aware and are able 
to ascertain from information published by the relevant Clearing Systems, no facts have been omitted which 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. This paragraph should be read in 
conjunction with the first two paragraphs set out under the heading “Responsibility Statement” on page xiii. 
Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing Systems are advised to confirm the continued 
applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant Clearing System. None of CGMHI, the 
CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL and the CGMFL Guarantor, and any other party to the Fiscal Agency Agreement, 
the relevant Swedish Notes Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement or the Finnish Notes Issuing and Paying 
Agency Agreement, as the case may be, will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records 
relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Notes held through the 
facilities of any Clearing System or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such 
beneficial ownership interests. 
Book-entry Systems  
DTC 
DTC has advised the Issuers that it is a limited purpose trust company organised under the New York Banking 
Law, a banking organisation within the meaning of the New York Banking Law, a member of the Federal 
Reserve, a clearing corporation within the meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial Code and a clearing 
agency registered pursuant to Section 17A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. DTC holds securities that 
its participants (“Direct Participants”) deposit with DTC. DTC also facilitates the settlement among Direct 
Participants of sales and other securities transactions, such as transfers and pledges, in deposited securities 
through electronic computerised book-entry changes in Direct Participants’ accounts, thereby eliminating the 
need for physical movement of securities certificates. Direct Participants include both U.S. and non-U.S. 
securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations and certain other organisations. 
DTC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of The Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation (“DTCC”). DTCC is the 
holding company for DTC, National Securities Clearing Corporation and Fixed Income Clearing Corporation, 
all of which are registered clearing agencies. DTCC is owned by the users of its regulation subsidiaries. Access 
to the DTC system is also available to others such as securities brokers and dealers, banks and trust companies 
that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a Direct Participant, either directly or indirectly 
(“Indirect Participants” and, together with Direct Participants, “Participants”). More information about 
DTCC can be found at www.dtcc.com and www.dtc.org. 
Under the rules, regulations and procedures creating and affecting DTC and its operations (the “DTC Rules”), 
DTC makes book-entry transfers of Registered Notes among Direct Participants on whose behalf it acts with 
respect to Notes accepted into DTC’s book-entry settlement system (“DTC Notes”) as described below and 
receives and transmits distributions of principal, interest, termination or any other amounts due on DTC Notes.

--- Page 183 ---
BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
183 
The DTC Rules are on file with the SEC. Direct Participants and Indirect Participants with which beneficial 
owners of DTC Notes (“Owners”) have accounts with respect to the DTC Notes similarly are required to make 
book-entry transfers and receive and transmit such payments on behalf of their respective Owners. Accordingly, 
although Owners who hold DTC Notes through Direct Participants or Indirect Participants will not possess 
Registered Notes, the DTC Rules, by virtue of the requirements described above, provide a mechanism by 
which Direct Participants will receive payments and will be able to transfer their interest in respect of the DTC 
Notes. 
Purchases of DTC Notes under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct Participants, which will 
receive a credit for the DTC Notes on DTC’s records. The ownership interest of each actual purchaser of each 
DTC Note (“Beneficial Owner”) is in turn to be recorded on the Direct Participant’s and Indirect Participant’s 
records. Beneficial Owners will not receive written confirmation from DTC of their purchase, but Beneficial 
Owners are expected to receive written confirmations providing details of the transaction, as well as periodic 
statements of their holdings, from the Direct Participant or Indirect Participant through which the Beneficial 
Owner entered into the transaction. Transfers of ownership interests in the DTC Notes are to be accomplished 
by entries made on the books of Participants acting on behalf of Beneficial Owners. Beneficial Owners will not 
receive certificates representing their ownership interests in DTC Notes, except in the event that use of the 
book-entry system for the DTC Notes is discontinued. 
To facilitate subsequent transfers, all DTC Notes deposited by Participants with DTC are registered in the name 
of DTC’s partnership nominee, Cede & Co, or such other name as may be requested by an authorised 
representative of DTC. The deposit of DTC Notes with DTC and their registration in the name of Cede & Co. 
or such other DTC nominee effect no change in beneficial ownership. DTC has no knowledge of the actual 
Beneficial Owners of the DTC Notes; DTC’s records reflect only the identity of the Direct Participants to whose 
accounts such DTC Notes are credited, which may or may not be the Beneficial Owners. The Participants will 
remain responsible for keeping account of their holdings on behalf of their customers. 
Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants to 
Indirect Participants, and by Direct Participants and Indirect Participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed 
by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time 
to time. 
Redemption notices shall be sent to DTC. If less than all of the DTC Notes within an issue are being redeemed, 
DTC’s practice is to determine by lot the amount of the interest of each Direct Participant in such issue to be 
redeemed. 
Neither DTC nor Cede & Co. (nor any other DTC nominee) will consent or vote with respect to DTC Notes 
unless authorised by a Direct Participant in accordance with DTC’s MMI Procedures. Under its usual 
procedures, DTC mails an Omnibus Proxy to the Issuer as soon as possible after the record date. The Omnibus 
Proxy assigns Cede & Co.’s consenting or voting rights to those Direct Participants to whose accounts the DTC 
Notes are credited on the record date (identified in a listing attached to the Omnibus Proxy). 
Principal, interest, termination or any other amounts due on the DTC Notes will be made to Cede & Co., or 
such other nominee as may be requested by an authorised representative of DTC. DTC’s practice is to credit 
Direct Participants’ accounts upon DTC’s receipt of funds and corresponding detail information from the Issuer 
or the relevant agent (or such other nominee as may be requested by an authorised representative of DTC), on 
the relevant payment date in accordance with their respective holdings shown in DTC’s records. Payments by 
Participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the 
case with securities held for the accounts of customers, and will be the responsibility of such Participant and 
not of DTC or the Issuer, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to 
time. Payment of principal, interest, termination or any other amounts to DTC is the responsibility of the Issuer,

--- Page 184 ---
BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
184 
disbursement of such payments to Direct Participants is the responsibility of DTC, and disbursement of such 
payments to the Beneficial Owners is the responsibility of Direct Participants and Indirect Participants. 
Under certain circumstances, DTC will exchange the DTC Notes for definitive Registered Notes, which it will 
distribute to its Participants in accordance with their proportionate entitlements and which will be legended as 
set forth under “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”. 
A Beneficial Owner shall give notice to elect to have its DTC Notes purchased or tendered, through its 
Participant, to the relevant agent, and shall effect delivery of such DTC Notes by causing the Direct Participant 
to transfer the Participant’s interest in the DTC Notes, on DTC’s records, to the relevant agent. The requirement 
for physical delivery of DTC Notes in connection with an optional tender or a mandatory purchase will be 
deemed satisfied when the ownership rights in the DTC Notes are transferred by Direct Participants on DTC’s 
records and followed by a book-entry credit of tendered DTC Notes to the relevant agent’s DTC account. 
DTC may discontinue providing its services as depositary with respect to the DTC Notes at any time by giving 
reasonable notice to the Issuer or the relevant agent. Under such circumstances, in the event that a successor 
depositary is not obtained, DTC Note certificates are required to be printed and delivered. 
The Issuer may decide to discontinue use of the system of book-entry-only transfers through DTC (or a 
successor securities depositary). In that event, DTC Note certificates will be printed and delivered to DTC. 
Since DTC may only act on behalf of Direct Participants, who in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, any 
Owner desiring to pledge DTC Notes to persons or entities that do not participate in DTC, or otherwise take 
actions with respect to such DTC Notes, will be required to withdraw its Registered Notes from DTC as 
described below. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each holds securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance 
and settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their respective 
accountholders. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg provide various services including safekeeping, 
administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending and 
borrowing. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg also deal with domestic securities markets in several 
countries through established depository and custodial relationships. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
have established an electronic bridge between their two systems across which their respective participants may 
settle trades with each other. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg customers are world-wide financial institutions, including 
underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. Indirect access 
to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that clear through or maintain a 
custodial relationship with an accountholder of either system. 
Euroclear Sweden 
Euroclear Sweden is a subsidiary within the Euroclear group of companies. It is authorised and regulated by 
the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Sw. Finansinspektionen) as a central securities depository within 
the meaning of Regulation (EU) No 909/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 23 July 2014 
on improving securities settlement in the European Union and on central securities depositories and amending 
Directives 98/26/EC and 2014/65/EU and Regulation (EU) No 236/2012. Swedish Notes will be issued in 
registered, uncertificated and dematerialised book-entry form with Euroclear Sweden. No physical notes, 
certificates or other physical instruments (whether in global, temporary or definitive form) will be issued in 
respect of the Swedish Notes. All transactions relating to the Swedish Notes (such as issuance, sale and transfer, 
pledge arrangements and other dispositions and redemptions) are executed as computerised book-entry

--- Page 185 ---
BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
185 
registrations. Consequently, in order to effect such entries holders must establish a book-entry account through 
a credit institution or a securities firm acting as an account operator at Euroclear Sweden. More information 
regarding Euroclear Sweden and its rules and operating procedures can be found at its internet website at 
http://www.euroclear.com/sweden/sv.html. 
Euroclear Finland 
Euroclear Finland, a subsidiary within the Euroclear group of companies, is authorised and regulated as a central 
securities deposit within the meaning of the Finnish Act on the Book-Entry System and Clearing Operations 
(Fin. laki arvo-osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta (348/2017, as amended)). Euroclear Finland holds 
securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance and settlement of securities transactions by electronic 
book-entry transfer between its account holders. Euroclear Finland offers clearing and settlement of securities 
denominated in EUR through its systems. The systems support different types of securities, equities and interest-
bearing cash instruments as well as the respective derivatives. Euroclear Finland does not act as a qualified 
intermediary. 
Book-entry Ownership of and Payments in respect of DTC Notes 
The Issuer may apply to DTC in order to have any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global Registered Note 
Certificate accepted in its book-entry settlement system. Upon the issue of any such Global Registered Note 
Certificate, DTC or its custodian will credit, on its internal book-entry system, the respective principal amounts 
or number of the individual beneficial interests represented by such Global Registered Note Certificate to the 
accounts of persons who have accounts with DTC. Such accounts initially will be designated by or on behalf 
of the relevant Dealer. Ownership of beneficial interests in such a Global Registered Note Certificate will be 
limited to Direct Participants or Indirect Participants, including, in the case of any Regulation S Global 
Registered Note Certificate, the respective depositories of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Ownership 
of beneficial interests in a Global Registered Note Certificate accepted by DTC will be shown on, and the 
transfer of such ownership will be effected only through, records maintained by DTC or its nominee (with 
respect to the interests of Direct Participants) and the records of Direct Participants (with respect to interests of 
Indirect Participants). 
Payments in U.S. dollars of principal, interest, termination or any other amounts in respect of a Global 
Registered Note Certificate accepted by DTC will be made to the order of DTC or its nominee as the registered 
holder of such Note. In the case of any payment in a currency other than U.S. dollars, payment will be made to 
the Exchange Agent on behalf of DTC or its nominee and the Exchange Agent will (in accordance with 
instructions received by it) remit all or a portion of such payment for credit directly to the beneficial holders of 
interests in the Global Registered Note Certificate in the currency in which such payment was made and/or 
cause all or a portion of such payment to be converted into U.S. dollars and credited to the applicable 
Participants’ account. 
The Issuer expects DTC to credit accounts of Direct Participants on the applicable payment date in accordance 
with their respective holdings as shown in the records of DTC unless DTC has reason to believe that it will not 
receive payment on such payment date. The Issuer also expects that payments by Participants to beneficial 
owners of Notes will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the case with securities 
held for the accounts of customers, and will be the responsibility of such Participant and not the responsibility 
of DTC, the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI), the CGMFL Guarantor (where the 
Issuer is CGMFL) or any Agent. Payment of principal, premium, interest, termination or any other amounts, if 
any, on Notes to DTC is the responsibility of the Issuer.

--- Page 186 ---
BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
186 
Transfers of Notes Represented by Global Registered Note Certificates 
Transfers of any interests in Notes represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate within Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC will be effected in accordance with the customary rules and operating 
procedures of the relevant clearing system and will be subject to the transfer restrictions described in this Base 
Prospectus. The laws in some States within the United States require that certain persons take physical delivery 
of securities in definitive form. Consequently, the ability to transfer Notes represented by a Global Registered 
Note Certificate to such persons may depend upon the ability to exchange such Notes for Notes in definitive 
form. Similarly, because DTC can only act on behalf of Direct Participants in the DTC system who in turn act 
on behalf of Indirect Participants, the ability of a person having an interest in Notes represented by a Global 
Registered Note Certificate accepted by DTC to pledge such Notes to persons or entities that do not participate 
in the DTC system or otherwise to take action in respect of such Notes may depend upon the ability to exchange 
such Notes for Notes in definitive form. The ability of any holder of Notes represented by a Global Registered 
Note Certificate accepted by DTC to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer such Notes may be impaired if the 
proposed transferee of such Notes is not eligible to hold such Notes through a Direct Participant or Indirect 
Participant in the DTC system. 
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Registered Notes described under 
“Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions”, cross-market transfers between DTC, on the one 
hand, and directly or indirectly through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg accountholders, on the other, 
will be effected by the relevant clearing system in accordance with its rules and through action taken by the 
Registrar, the Fiscal Agent and any custodian with whom the relevant Global Registered Note Certificates have 
been deposited. 
On or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of any Series, transfers of Notes of such Series between 
accountholders in Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and transfers of Notes of such Series between 
participants in DTC will generally have a settlement date three business days after the trade date (T+3). The 
customary arrangements for delivery versus payment will apply to such transfers. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC have each published rules and operating procedures designed 
to facilitate transfers of beneficial interests in Global Registered Note Certificates among participants and 
accountholders of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC. However, they are under no obligation 
to perform or continue to perform such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued or changed at any 
time. None of CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor, the Agents and any Dealer 
will be responsible for any performance by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC or their Direct or 
Indirect Participants or accountholders of their obligations under the rules and procedures governing their 
operations nor will any of them have any liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on 
account of beneficial interests in the Notes represented by Global Registered Note Certificates or for 
maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial interests. 
Euroclear UK and Ireland (CREST) 
If so specified in the applicable Issue Terms, indirect interest in Notes will be accepted for settlement through 
Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited (formerly known as CRESTCo Limited) (“CREST”). Following their delivery 
into a clearing system, interests in the relevant Notes may be delivered, held and settled in CREST by means 
of the creation of CREST Depository Interests (“CDIs”) representing the interests in the relevant Notes. The 
CDIs will be issued by the CREST Depository to investors (“CDI Holders”) and will be governed by English 
law. 
The CDIs will represent indirect interests in the interest of CREST International Nominees Limited or any other 
body appointed to act as nominee on behalf of the CREST Depository (the “CREST Nominee”) in the relevant

--- Page 187 ---
BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
187 
Notes. Pursuant to the documents setting out the legal relationship of CREST with its users and Participants 
(the “CREST Manual”), Notes held in global form by a common depositary may be settled through CREST, 
and the CREST Depository will issue CDIs. The CDIs will be independent securities, constituted under English 
law which may be held and transferred through CREST. 
Interests in the relevant Notes will be credited to the CREST Nominee’s account with Euroclear and the CREST 
Nominee will hold such interests as nominee for the CREST Depository which will issue CDIs to the relevant 
CREST participants. 
Each CDI will be treated by the CREST Depository as if it were a relevant Note, for the purposes of determining 
all rights and obligations and all amounts payable in respect of such CDI. The CREST Depository will pass on 
to CDI Holders any interest or other amounts received by it as holder of the relevant Notes on trust for such 
CDI Holder. CDI Holders will also be able to receive from the CREST Depository notices of meetings of holders 
of the relevant Notes and other relevant notices issued by the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer 
is CGMHI) or the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL). 
Transfers of interests in Notes by a CREST participant to a participant of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
will be effected by cancellation of the CDIs and transfer of an interest in such Notes to the account of the 
relevant participant with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The CDIs will have the same ISIN as the ISIN of the relevant Notes and will not require a separate listing. 
Prospective subscribers for Notes represented by CDIs are referred to Chapter 8 of the CREST International 
Manual which contains the form of the CREST Global Deed Poll (the “CREST Deed Poll”) to be entered into 
by the CREST Depository. The rights of the CDI Holders will be governed by the arrangements between 
CREST, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is 
CGMHI) and the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) including the CREST Deed Poll (in the 
form contained in Chapter 8 of the CREST International Manual (as defined below)) executed by the CREST 
Depository. These rights may be different from those of holders of Notes which are not represented by CDIs. 
CDIs will be delivered, held and settled in CREST, by means of the CREST International Settlement Links 
Service (the “CREST International Settlement Links Service”). The settlement of the CDIs by means of the 
CREST International Settlement Links Service has the following consequences for CDI Holders: 
(a) 
CDI Holders will not be the legal owners of the relevant Notes. The CDIs are separate legal instruments 
from such Notes and represent an indirect interest in such Notes. 
(b) 
The relevant Notes themselves (as distinct from the CDIs representing indirect interests in such Notes) 
will be held in account with a custodian. The custodian will hold the relevant Notes through a clearing 
system. Rights in the relevant Notes will be held through custodial and depository links through the 
appropriate clearing systems. The legal title to the relevant Notes or to interests in such Notes will depend 
on the rules of the clearing system in or through which the relevant Notes are held. 
(c) 
Rights under the relevant Notes cannot be enforced by CDI Holders except indirectly through the 
intermediary depositories and custodians described above. The enforcement of rights under the relevant 
Notes will therefore be subject to the local law of the relevant intermediary. The rights of CDI Holders 
to the relevant Notes are represented by the entitlements against the CREST Depository which (through 
the CREST Nominee) holds interests in the relevant Notes. This could result in an elimination or 
reduction in the payments that otherwise would have been made in respect of the relevant Notes in the 
event of any insolvency or liquidation of the relevant intermediary, in particular where the relevant Notes 
held in clearing systems are not held in special purpose accounts and are fungible with other securities 
held in the same accounts on behalf of other customers of the relevant intermediaries.

--- Page 188 ---
BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
188 
(d) 
The CDIs issued to CDI Holders will be constituted and issued pursuant to the CREST Deed Poll. CDI 
Holders will be bound by all provisions of the CREST Deed Poll and by all provisions of, or prescribed 
pursuant to, the CREST International Manual dated 3 January 2018 as amended, modified, varied or 
supplemented from time to time (the “CREST International Manual”) and the CREST Rules dated 1 
October 2018, as amended, modified, varied or supplemented from time to time (the “CREST Rules”) 
(which, in each case, form part of the CREST Manual) applicable to the CREST International Settlement 
Links Service and CDI Holders must comply in full with all obligations imposed on them by such 
provisions. 
(e) 
Potential investors should note that the provisions of the CREST Deed Poll, the CREST International 
Manual and the CREST Rules contain indemnities, warranties, representations and undertakings to be 
given by CDI Holders and limitations on the liability of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor (where the 
Issuer is CGMHI) or the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) and the CREST Depository. 
(f) 
CDI Holders may incur liabilities resulting from a breach of any such indemnities, warranties, 
representations and undertakings in excess of the money invested by them. The attention of potential 
investors is drawn to the terms of the CREST Deed Poll, the CREST International Manual and the 
CREST Rules, copies of which are available from CREST at 33 Cannon Street, London EC4M 5SB or 
by calling +44 (0) 207 849 0000 or from the CREST website at www.euroclear.com/site/public/EUI. 
(g) 
Potential investors should note CDI Holders may be required to pay fees, charges, costs and expenses to 
the CREST Depository in connection with the use of the CREST International Settlement Links Service. 
These will include the fees and expenses charged by the CREST Depository in respect of the provision 
of services by it under the CREST Deed Poll and any taxes, duties, charges, costs or expenses which 
may be or become payable in connection with the holding of the CDIs through the CREST International 
Settlement Links Service. 
(h) 
Potential investors should note that none of the Issuers, the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is 
CGMHI), the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL), any Dealer, any distributor, any Paying 
Agent, the Registrar and any Transfer Agent will have any responsibility for the performance by any 
intermediaries or their respective direct or indirect participants or accountholders of their respective 
obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations.

--- Page 189 ---
ERISA MATTERS 
189 
SECTION F.6 – ERISA MATTERS 
The U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”), prescribes rules 
pertaining to the management of “plan assets” of pension and other employee benefit plans subject to ERISA 
(“ERISA Plans”) and the appointment of parties who may manage such assets. Section 406 of ERISA and 
Section 4975 of the Code prohibit ERISA Plans, as well as those plans and other arrangements that are not 
subject to ERISA but that are subject to Section 4975 of the Code, such as individual retirement accounts and 
Keogh plans (together with ERISA Plans, “Plans”), and certain entities in which Plans invest, from engaging 
in certain transactions involving “plan assets” with persons who are “parties in interest” under ERISA or 
“disqualified persons” under Section 4975 of the Code with respect to such Plans. 
The rules and regulations applicable under ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code contain certain “look-through” 
provisions. Under these provisions, if a Plan invests in an equity interest of an entity, the assets of the Plan will 
be deemed to include not only the equity interest but also an undivided interest in each of the underlying assets 
of the entity, unless an exception to the look-through rule were to apply. An “equity interest” is defined under 
the rule as any interest in an entity other than an instrument treated as indebtedness under applicable local law 
that has no substantial equity features. No assurance can be given that the Notes will not be treated as equity 
interests for these purposes. The look-through rule would not apply if the Notes or the Issuer qualified for an 
exception available under applicable rules. If a Plan were to acquire an interest in the Notes, and no exception 
to the look-through rule were to apply, the Issuer could be regarded as a plan asset entity and its assets and 
transactions could be attributed to the Plan investor. In this event, the Plan investor could be viewed as having 
improperly delegated to the Issuer responsibility for the management of the Plan's assets, and the transactions 
and holdings of the Issuer might result in violations of the prohibited transaction rules of ERISA and Section 
4975 of the Code, as well as violations of other rules applicable under ERISA. 
In addition, certain governmental plans, church plans and non-U.S. plans (“Non-ERISA Arrangements”) are 
not subject to such provisions of ERISA or the Code, but may be subject to similar rules under other applicable 
laws or regulations. 
Based on the foregoing, the Notes may not be acquired or held by a Plan or Non-ERISA Arrangement or any 
party acting on behalf of or using the assets of a Plan or Non-ERISA Arrangement. Any purchaser or subsequent 
transferee of the Notes or any interest therein will be deemed to have represented by its purchase or holding of 
the Notes or any interest therein that it is not a Plan or Non-ERISA Arrangement and is not acting on behalf of 
or using the assets of a Plan or Non-ERISA Arrangement.

--- Page 190 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
190 
SECTION F.7 – SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING 
RESTRICTIONS 
Subject to the terms and conditions contained in a Dealership Agreement dated on or about the date of this Base 
Prospectus (as amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Dealership Agreement”) 
between CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor, the Arranger and the Dealers (as 
defined in the Dealership Agreement), the Notes will be offered on a continuous basis by the Issuer to the 
Dealers. However, each Issuer reserves the right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to other entities and to 
offer Notes in specified jurisdictions directly to the public through distributors, in accordance with all applicable 
rules and regulations. Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time 
of such resale, as determined by the Issuer or the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer 
through the Dealers, acting as agent of the Issuer. The Dealership Agreement also provides for Notes to be 
issued in syndicated Tranches which are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer and the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI) or the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer 
is CGMFL) have agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale 
of the Notes issued by such Issuer, including in relation to liabilities arising under the Securities Act. The 
Dealership Agreement may be terminated in relation to all the Dealers or any of them by CGMHI, the CGMHI 
Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor, in relation to itself and CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, 
the CGMFL Guarantor only, by any Dealer or the Arranger, at any time on giving not less than ten days’ notice. 
Subscription and Sale 
United States of America  
The Notes and the Guarantees have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any state 
securities laws. Trading in the Notes has not been approved by the United States Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission (the “CFTC”) under the United States Commodity Exchange Act, as amended. No Notes or 
Guarantees may be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, 
except in the case of Notes issued by CGMHI and offered and sold in reliance on Rule 144A to QIBs, each 
purchasing (or holding) for its own account or for the account of one or more QIBs, in a transaction meeting 
the requirements of Rule 144A and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of the States of the United 
States and any other jurisdiction. The Notes and Guarantees do not constitute, and have not been marketed as, 
contracts of sale of a commodity for future delivery (or options thereon) subject to the United States Commodity 
Exchange Act, as amended, and trading in the Notes has not been approved by the CFTC under the United 
States Commodity Exchange Act, as amended. Terms used in this section have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S or Rule 144A under the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it, its affiliates (if any) and any person acting on its or their behalf 
(i) have not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes at any time within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, except, in the case of Notes issued by CGMHI and offered and sold in 
reliance on Rule 144A, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, to persons it reasonably believes to be QIBs, 
each purchasing (or holding) for its own account or for the account of one or more QIBs and (ii) at or prior to 
confirmation of sale of Notes offered in reliance on Regulation S, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, it 
will have sent to each distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration that 
purchases such Notes from it a confirmation or other notice stating that such distributor, dealer or person is 
subject to the restrictions on offers and sales of such Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons that are set forth herein.

--- Page 191 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
191 
An offer or sale of Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person by any 
dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) at any time may violate the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from 
registration under the Securities Act. 
Dealers, directly or through their respective U.S. broker dealer affiliates, may arrange for the resale of Notes 
issued by CGMHI and offered and sold in reliance on Rule 144A to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A and each 
purchaser of such Notes is hereby notified that the Dealers are relying on the exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A and one or more exemptions and/or exclusions from 
regulation under the United States Commodity Exchange Act, as amended. The minimum aggregate principal 
amount of Notes which may be purchased by a QIB pursuant to Rule 144A is U.S.$100,000 (or the approximate 
equivalent thereof in any other Settlement Currency).  
To the extent that Citigroup Inc. is not subject to or does not comply with the reporting requirements of Section 
13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act or the information furnishing requirements of Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder, 
Citigroup Inc. and CGMHI have agreed to furnish to holders of Notes offered and sold in reliance on Rule 144A 
and to prospective purchasers designated by such holders, upon request, such information as may be required 
by Rule 144A(d)(4). 
Each issuance of Notes and Guarantees shall be subject to such additional U.S. selling restrictions as the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree with the Issuer as a term of the issuance and purchase or, as the case may 
be, subscription of such Notes and Guarantees. Each Dealer agrees that it shall offer, sell and deliver such Notes 
and Guarantees only in compliance with such additional U.S. selling restrictions. CGMFL does not intend to 
issue, offer or sell any Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person.  
Transfer Restrictions 
As a result of the following restrictions, purchasers of Notes and Guarantees are advised to consult 
legal counsel prior to making any purchase, offer, sale, resale or other transfer of such Notes and 
Guarantees. 
United States of America 
Each purchaser of Notes or any beneficial interest therein, by its acquisition or acceptance thereof will be 
deemed to acknowledge, represent and agree as follows (terms used in this paragraph that are defined in Rule 
144A or in Regulation S are used in this Base Prospectus as defined in Rule 144A or in Regulation S): 
(a) 
(i) in the case of Notes offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S, as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, that such purchaser is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person; or (ii) in the case of 
Notes issued by CGMHI (“CGMHI Notes”) and offered and sold in reliance on Rule 144A, as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, that such purchaser is a “qualified institutional buyer” (a “QIB”), 
purchasing (or holding) the CGMHI Notes for its own account or for the account of one or more QIBs 
and it is aware that the offer and sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A; 
(b) 
that the Notes and Guarantees are being offered and sold in a transaction not involving a public offering 
in the United States within the meaning of the Securities Act, and that the Notes and the Guarantees have 
not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any U.S. State securities laws and may 
not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, U.S. persons except as set forth below with respect to CGMHI Notes offered and sold in 
reliance on Rule 144A;

--- Page 192 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
192 
(c) 
(i) in the case of Notes offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S, as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, that such purchaser will not re-sell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Notes or any beneficial 
interest therein at any time within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person, 
other than the Issuer or any affiliate thereof; and (ii) in the case of CGMHI Notes offered and sold in 
reliance on Rule 144A, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, that such purchaser will not re-sell, 
pledge or otherwise transfer the Notes or any beneficial interest therein at any time other than to (1) the 
Issuer or any affiliate thereof or (2) a person it reasonably believes is a QIB purchasing (or holding) for 
its own account or for the account of one or more QIBs in a transaction meeting the requirements of 
Rule 144A and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of the States of the United States and 
any other jurisdiction;  
(d) 
it will, and will require each subsequent holder to, notify any purchaser of the Notes or any beneficial 
interest in any such Note from it of the resale restrictions referred to in paragraph (c) above; 
(e) 
that CGMHI Notes offered and sold in the United States to QIBs in reliance on Rule 144A will be 
represented by one or more Rule 144A Global Registered Note Certificates, and that Notes offered and 
sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S will be represented by 
one or more Regulation S Global Registered Note Certificates; 
(f) 
it is not, and its purchase and holding of the Notes is not made on behalf of or with “plan assets” of, an 
employee benefit plan subject to Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, 
as amended (“ERISA”), a plan, individual retirement account or other arrangement subject to Section 
4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), or an employee benefit plan 
or other plan or arrangement subject to any laws, rules or regulations substantially similar to Title I of 
ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code; 
(g) 
that the Rule 144A Global Registered Note Certificates, will bear a legend in substantially the following 
form: 
“NEITHER THIS GLOBAL NOTE NOR THE CGMHI DEED OF GUARANTEE HAS BEEN NOR 
WILL BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE 
“SECURITIES ACT”) OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY 
STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT 
BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN 
THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. BY ITS ACQUISITION OF AN INTEREST HEREIN, THE 
HOLDER (A) REPRESENTS THAT IT IS A “QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER” (AS 
DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) PURCHASING THE NOTES 
REPRESENTED HEREBY FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF ONE OR 
MORE QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS; (B) AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT RESELL, 
PLEDGE OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THE NOTES REPRESENTED HEREBY AT ANY TIME 
OTHER THAN (1) TO THE ISSUER OR ANY AFFILIATE THEREOF OR (2) TO A PERSON WHOM 
THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN 
THE MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN 
ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF ONE OR MORE QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL 
BUYERS IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF 
THE STATES OF THE UNITED STATES AND ANY OTHER JURISDICTION; (C) REPRESENTS 
THAT IT IS NOT, AND ITS PURCHASE AND HOLDING OF THE NOTES IS NOT MADE ON 
BEHALF OF OR WITH “PLAN ASSETS” OF, AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN SUBJECT TO 
TITLE I OF THE U.S. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS 
AMENDED (“ERISA”), A PLAN, INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT ACCOUNT OR OTHER

--- Page 193 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
193 
ARRANGEMENT SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 
1986, AS AMENDED (THE “CODE”), OR AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN OR OTHER PLAN OR 
ARRANGEMENT SUBJECT TO ANY LAWS, RULES OR REGULATIONS SUBSTANTIALLY 
SIMILAR TO TITLE I OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE; AND (D) IT AGREES THAT 
IT WILL DELIVER TO EACH PERSON TO WHOM AN INTEREST IN THIS GLOBAL NOTE IS 
TRANSFERRED A NOTICE SUBSTANTIALLY TO THE EFFECT OF THIS LEGEND. THE 
NOTES, THE CGMHI DEED OF GUARANTEE, AND ANY ENTITLEMENT DO NOT 
CONSTITUTE, AND HAVE NOT BEEN MARKETED AS, CONTRACTS OF SALE OF A 
COMMODITY FOR FUTURE DELIVERY (OR OPTIONS THEREON) SUBJECT TO THE U.S. 
COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT, AS AMENDED (THE “CEA”), AND TRADING IN THE NOTES 
HAS NOT BEEN APPROVED BY THE U.S. COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION 
PURSUANT TO THE CEA. THE ISSUER RESERVES THE RIGHT TO REQUIRE THE DELIVERY 
OF SUCH LEGAL OPINIONS, CERTIFICATIONS OR OTHER EVIDENCE AS MAY 
REASONABLY BE REQUIRED IN ORDER TO DETERMINE THAT ANY PROPOSED TRANSFER 
OF ANY INTEREST HEREIN IS BEING MADE IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE FOREGOING 
RESTRICTIONS, THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. 
THIS GLOBAL NOTE AND RELATED DOCUMENTATION (INCLUDING, WITHOUT 
LIMITATION, THE FISCAL AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN) MAY BE 
AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME, WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF, BUT 
WITH NOTICE TO, THE HOLDERS OF INTERESTS IN THIS GLOBAL NOTE, GIVEN IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE CONDITIONS, TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND 
PROCEDURES FOR RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF INTERESTS IN THIS GLOBAL 
NOTE TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION (OR THE 
INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR IN PRACTICES RELATING TO RESALES OR OTHER 
TRANSFERS OF RESTRICTED NOTES GENERALLY. ANY HOLDER OF AN INTEREST IN THIS 
GLOBAL NOTE SHALL BE DEEMED, BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OR PURCHASE THEREOF, TO 
HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT (EACH OF WHICH SHALL 
BE CONCLUSIVE AND BINDING ON SUCH HOLDER AND ALL FUTURE HOLDERS OF 
INTERESTS IN THIS GLOBAL NOTE AND ANY NOTES ISSUED IN EXCHANGE OR 
SUBSTITUTION THEREFOR, WHETHER OR NOT ANY NOTATION THEREOF IS MADE 
HEREON).”; 
(h) 
that the Regulation S Global Registered Note Certificates will bear a legend in substantially the 
following form: 
“NEITHER THIS GLOBAL NOTE NOR THE GUARANTEE HAS BEEN NOR WILL BE 
REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE 
“SECURITIES ACT”) OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY 
STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES, AND MAY NOT AT ANY TIME BE 
OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES 
OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS SUCH TERMS ARE USED 
IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT), OTHER THAN THE ISSUER OR ANY 
AFFILIATE THEREOF, AND PAYMENTS AND/OR DELIVERIES ON THE NOTES MAY NOT BE 
MADE TO ANY “U.S. PERSON” OR ANY PERSON WITHIN THE UNITED STATES. 
CERTIFICATION OF NON-U.S. BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP MAY BE REQUIRED AS A 
CONDITION TO RECEIVING ANY PAYMENTS AND/OR DELIVERIES ON THE NOTES. BY ITS 
ACQUISITION OF AN INTEREST HEREIN, THE HOLDER REPRESENTS THAT IT IS NOT, AND 
ITS PURCHASE AND HOLDING OF THIS NOTE IS NOT MADE ON BEHALF OF OR WITH

--- Page 194 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
194 
“PLAN ASSETS” OF, AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF THE U.S. 
EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED (“ERISA”), A 
PLAN, INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT ACCOUNT OR OTHER ARRANGEMENT SUBJECT TO 
SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE 
“CODE”), OR AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN OR OTHER PLAN OR ARRANGEMENT 
SUBJECT TO ANY LAWS, RULES OR REGULATIONS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO TITLE I 
OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE. THE NOTES AND THE CGMHI DEED OF 
GUARANTEE DO NOT CONSTITUTE, AND HAVE NOT BEEN MARKETED AS CONTRACTS 
OF SALE OF A COMMODITY FOR FUTURE DELIVERY (OR OPTIONS THEREON) SUBJECT 
TO THE U.S. COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT, AS AMENDED (THE “CEA”) AND TRADING IN 
THE NOTES HAS NOT BEEN APPROVED BY THE U.S. COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING 
COMMISSION PURSUANT TO THE CEA. THE ISSUER RESERVES THE RIGHT TO REQUIRE 
THE DELIVERY OF SUCH LEGAL OPINIONS, CERTIFICATIONS OR OTHER EVIDENCE AS 
MAY REASONABLY BE REQUIRED IN ORDER TO DETERMINE THAT ANY PROPOSED 
TRANSFER OF ANY INTEREST HEREIN IS BEING MADE IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE 
FOREGOING RESTRICTIONS, THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES 
LAWS.”; 
(i) 
that it has been afforded an opportunity to request from the Issuer (and the CGMHI Guarantor or the 
CGMFL Guarantor, if applicable) and to review all additional information it considers to be necessary 
to verify the accuracy of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the applicable Issue 
Terms or otherwise and it has not relied on the Dealers or any person affiliated with the Dealers in 
connection with its investigation of the accuracy of such information or its investment decision; and 
(j) 
that the Issuer and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, 
representations and agreements and agrees that if any of such acknowledgements, representations or 
agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it shall promptly notify the Issuer; and if it is acquiring 
any Notes as a fiduciary or agent for one or more accounts it represents that it has sole investment 
discretion with respect to each such account and that it has full power to make the foregoing 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of each such account.  
No sale of Notes in the United States in reliance on Rule 144A to any one purchaser will be for less than 
U.S.$100,000 (or its foreign currency equivalent) in principal amount and no Note will be issued in connection 
with such a sale in a smaller principal amount. If the purchaser is a non-bank fiduciary acting on behalf of 
others, each person for whom it is acting must purchase at least U.S.$100,000 (or its foreign currency 
equivalent) in principal amount of Registered Notes. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA or UK Retail Investors  
(I) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Other than as may be provided in the applicable Issue Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, 
sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Issue Terms in relation thereto 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) in Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, varied 
or replaced from time to time, “MiFID II”); or

--- Page 195 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
195 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression “an offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Where the applicable Issue Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable” or as applicable other than with respect to offers of the Notes in certain specified 
jurisdiction(s) and/or for specified periods of time, then, if “Not Applicable” is so specified, in relation to each 
Member State of the EEA or, if “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” is specified as applicable other 
than with respect to offers of the Notes in certain Member States and/or for specified periods of time, in relation 
to each such Member State and (if applicable) such period(s) of time, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it 
may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes in 
any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Notes. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under this Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that, in relation to any offering of Notes to which MiFID II and Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 (“MiFIR”) applies, that such offering is in accordance with the applicable rules set out in MiFID 
II (including any applicable national transposition of MiFID II) and MiFIR, including that any commission, fee 
or non-monetary benefit received from the Issuer complies with such rules. 
(II) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Where the applicable Issue Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” 
as “Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Issue Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom (the “UK”). For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 196 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
196 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of “retained EU law”, as defined in the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”);  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(as amended, “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under FSMA to implement Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as 
defined in the EUWA; or  
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of “retained EU 
law”, as defined in the EUWA (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”); and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Where the applicable Issue Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” 
as “Not Applicable” or “Not Applicable for specified periods of time”, then each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it 
has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Issue Terms in relation thereto to the public in the UK except that it may 
(i) if “Not Applicable” is so specified, at any time, or (ii) if “Not Applicable for specified periods of time” is so 
specified, within such period(s) of time, make an offer of such Notes to the public in the UK: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the UK Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
UK Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes in 
the UK means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the 
offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under this Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that, in relation to any offering of Notes to which Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”) applies, that such offering is in 
accordance with the applicable rules set out in UK MiFIR, including that any commission, fee or non-monetary 
benefit received from the Issuer complies with such rules 
Prohibition of sales to Swiss private clients 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or recommended any Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Issue Terms in relation thereto to any private 
clients within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (the “FinSA”). For these purposes, a private 
client means a person who is not a professional client under Articles 4 and 5 FinSA. Consequently, no prospectus

--- Page 197 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
197 
or key information document according to FinSA or any equivalent document under FinSA has been or will be 
prepared in relation to the Notes. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
Notes with maturities of less than one year: in relation to any Notes where the issue of the Notes would 
otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
“FSMA”) by the Issuer: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary 
activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal 
or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, 
hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity 
(within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of 
any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to any of CGMHI, the 
CGMHI Guarantor and CGMFL or, in the case of the CGMFL Guarantor, would not if the CGMFL 
Guarantor was not an authorised person, apply to the CGMFL Guarantor; 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA and 
the Financial Conduct Authority Handbook (the “FCA Handbook”) with respect to anything done by it 
in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK; and 
(d) 
Commissions and fees: 
(i) 
if it is distributing Notes that are “retail investment products” (as such term is defined in the FCA 
Handbook) into the UK and it is entitled to receive any commission or fee from the Issuer, it will 
not transfer any part of that commission or fee to any third party who may advise retail investors 
to purchase a Note that is a retail investment product; and 
(ii) 
if it is authorised and regulated by the FCA to provide investment advice to retail investors in the 
UK and it is providing advice to retail investors in respect of a Note that is a retail investment 
product, it undertakes not to request any commission, fee or benefit of any kind from the Issuer 
and to otherwise reject any such payment or benefit offered to it other than in circumstances 
where the Issuer has agreed to facilitate the payment of an advisory fee and has the express 
consent of the retail investor to do so. 
Argentina  
Information contained herein is not an offer, or an invitation to make offers in the Republic of Argentina. The 
offering of the Notes under the Programme has not been authorised by, and the Notes have not been registered 
with, the Argentine Securities Commission (Comisión Nacional de Valores, “CNV”). The Notes will not be 
offered or sold in Argentina except in transactions that will not constitute a public offering of securities within

--- Page 198 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
198 
the meaning of Sections 2 and 83 of the Capital Markets Law No. 26,831, as amended and supplemented from 
time to time.  
Australia  
No prospectus or other disclosure document (as defined in the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia) in relation 
to the Programme or the Notes has been, or will be, lodged with the Australian Securities and Investments 
Commission (“ASIC”) or any other regulatory authority in Australia. Each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that, unless the 
applicable Issue Terms (or any other supplement to this Base Prospectus) otherwise provides, it: 
(a) 
has not made or invited, and will not make or invite, an offer for the issue, sale or purchase of the Notes 
in, to or from Australia (including an offer or invitation which is received by a person in Australia); and 
(b) 
has not distributed or published, and will not distribute or publish, this Base Prospectus or any other 
offering material or advertisement relating to any Notes in Australia; 
unless: 
(i) 
the aggregate consideration payable by each offeree is at least AUD 500,000 (or its equivalent in 
an alternative currency, and in either case disregarding moneys lent by the offeror or its 
associates) or the offer or invitation does not otherwise require disclosure to be made to investors 
in accordance with Parts 6D.2 or 7.9 of the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia; 
(ii) 
the offer or invitation does not constitute an offer to a “retail client” for the purposes of section 
761G or 761GA of the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia; 
(iii) 
such action complies with all applicable laws, regulations and directives; and 
(iv) 
such action does not require any document to be lodged with ASIC or any other regulatory 
authority in Australia. 
This Base Prospectus is not a disclosure document under Part 6D.2 of the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia 
or a product disclosure statement under Part 7.9 of the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia. It is not required to, 
and does not purport to, contain all the information which would be required in a disclosure document or a 
product disclosure statement under the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia. This Base Prospectus has not been 
prepared specifically for Australian investors and it: 
 
may contain references to dollar amounts which are not Australian dollars; 
 
may contain financial information which is not prepared in accordance with Australian law or practices; 
 
may not address risks associated with investment in foreign currency denominated investments; and 
 
does not address Australian tax issues.  
Austria  
In addition to the cases described in the section entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” above, 
the Notes may be offered for the first time in Austria only once a notification to the issue calendar 
(Emissionskalender) 
maintained by 
the Austrian 
Control 
Bank 
(Oesterreichische 
Kontrollbank 
Aktiengesellschaft) as notification office (Meldestelle), all as prescribed by the Austrian Capital Market Act 
2019 (Kapitalmarktgesetz), as amended, has been filed as soon as possible prior to the commencement of the 
relevant offer of the Notes.

--- Page 199 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
199 
The Kingdom of Bahrain  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any Notes except to 
persons in the Kingdom of Bahrain who are “accredited investors”. 
For this purpose, an “accredited investor” means: 
(a) Individuals who have a minimum net worth (or joint net worth with their spouse) of USD 1,000,000, 
excluding that person’s principal place of residence; 
(b) Companies, partnerships, trusts or other commercial undertakings, which have financial assets available 
for investment of not less than USD 1,000,000; or  
(c) Governments, supranational organisations, central banks or other national monetary authorities, and state 
organisations whose main activity is to invest in financial instruments (such as state pension funds). 
Belgium 
For selling restrictions in respect of Belgium, please see the section entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors” above. 
This Base Prospectus has not been submitted for approval to the Financial Services and Markets Authority. 
Accordingly, Notes that have a maturity of less than 12 months and qualify as money market instruments (and 
that therefore fall outside the scope of the Prospectus Regulation) may not be distributed in Belgium by way of 
an offering to the public, as defined in the law of 11 July 2018 on offerings to the public of investment 
instruments and the admission of investment instruments to trading on regulated markets, as amended or 
replaced from time to time, subject to the exemptions set out in this law. 
Unless the Issue Terms in respect of any Notes specify “Prohibition of sales to consumers in Belgium” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and it will not offer or sell the Notes to 
any consumer (consument/consommateur) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Wetboek 
van economisch recht/Code de droit économique), as amended, in Belgium. 
Brazil  
The offering of the Notes has not been and will not be issued or publicly placed, distributed, offered or 
negotiated in the Brazilian capital markets. None of the relevant Issuer and, where CGMHI is the relevant 
Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and, where CGMFL is the relevant Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor and the 
issuance of any Notes have been or will be registered with the Comissão de Valores Mobiliários (“CVM”) 
(Brazilian Securities Commission). Any public offering or distribution, as defined under Brazilian laws and 
regulations, of Notes in Brazil is not legal without prior registration under Law No. 6,385, of 7 December 1976, 
as amended, and Instruction No. 400, issued by the CVM, as amended, unless the Notes: (i) are offered in Brazil 
solely to professional investors residing in Brazil, as defined in CVM Resolution No. 30; (ii) are admitted to 
trading on an exchange other than a Brazilian exchange; (iii) will settle in a jurisdiction other than in Brazil and 
in a currency other than the Brazilian real; and (iv) the Notes will be purchased by accounts held outside Brazil, 
in each case in accordance with CVM Resolution No. 160. Except as described in preceeding sentence, 
documents relating to the offering of any Notes, as well as information contained therein, may not be supplied 
to the public in Brazil, nor be used in connection with any offer for subscription or sale of Notes to the public 
in Brazil. Therefore, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold, and will 
not offer or sell Notes in Brazil except in circumstances which do not violate Brazilian laws and regulations.

--- Page 200 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
200 
British Virgin Islands  
The distribution of this Base Prospectus together with related Issue Terms (for purposes of this section "British 
Virgin Islands" only, the Offering Documents) does not constitute a offer, invitation, or solicitation to any 
member of the public in the British Virgin Islands for the purposes of the Securities and Investment Business 
Act 2010 of the British Virgin Islands, and the Offering Documents have not been registered with or approved 
by the Financial Services Commission or any other governmental or regulatory authority in the British Virgin 
Islands. Notwithstanding that Part II of the Securities and Investment Business Act, 2010 (SIBA) is not, as at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, in force, none of the Offering Documents shall be distributed to or received 
by any person in the British Virgin Islands if the distribution of any of the Offering Documents to or receipt of 
any of the Offering Documents by that person shall constitute an offer of the Securities to the public for the 
purposes of SIBA. 
Cayman Islands  
No invitation whether directly or indirectly may be made to the public in the Cayman Islands to subscribe for 
the Notes unless the Issuer is listed on the Cayman Islands Stock Exchange. 
Chile  
Notes issued under the Programme are being offered from the date hereof solely to Qualified Investors 
(Inversionistas Calificados) pursuant to the provisions of General Rule No. 336 of the Superintendencia de 
Valores y Seguros (currently, the Comisión para el Mercado Financiero or “CMF”). The Notes have not been 
and will not be registered with the Chilean Securities Registry or the Registry of Foreign Securities of the CMF 
and, therefore, the Notes are not subject to oversight by the CMF and may not be sold publicly in Chile. Since 
the Notes have not been registered (as described above), the Issuer of the Notes is not obligated to make 
information available publicly in Chile regarding the Notes. The Notes may not be subject to a public offer until 
they are registered in the corresponding Securities Registry. 
Las Notas emitidas bajo el Programa son ofrecidas desde esta fecha solo a Inversionistas Calificados bajo las 
disposiciones de la Norma de Carácter General No. 336 de la Superintendencia de Valores y Seguros (hoy, la 
Comisión para el Mercado Financiero o “CMF”). Las Notas no han sido ni serán registradas en el Registro de 
Valores ni el Registro de Valores Extranjeros de la CMF y, por tanto, las Notas no están sujetas a la fiscalización 
de la CMF ni pueden ser públicamente ofrecidas en Chile. Por tratarse de valores no inscritos, no existe 
obligación por parte del emisor de entregar en Chile obligación pública respecto de estos valores. Las Notas no 
podrán ser objeto de oferta pública mientras no sean registradas en el Registro de Valores correspondiente. 
Colombia  
The Notes cannot and will not be publicly offered in Colombia, but may be “promoted” (as such term is defined 
by Article 4.1.1.1.1. of Decree 2555 of 2010) to a determined, limited number of persons (less than 100) in 
Colombia by the authorised personnel of a firm authorised to execute “promotion” activities of foreign 
securities in Colombia. The Notes have not been and will not be registered on the Colombian National Registry 
of Securities and Issuers (Registro Nacional de Valores y Emisores) or before the Colombian Stock Exchange. 
Accordingly, the distribution of any documentation in regard to the Programme will not constitute a public 
offering of securities. 
Costa Rica  
Notes have not been and will not be registered with the Superintendencia General de Valores (Costa Rica’s 
General Superintendency of Securities) and, therefore, the Notes are not authorised for public offering in Costa 
Rica and may not be offered, placed, distributed, commercialised and/or negotiated publicly in Costa Rica. 
Documents relating to the offering of the Notes, as well as information contained in such documents, may not

--- Page 201 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
201 
be offered publicly in Costa Rica, nor be used in connection with any public offering for subscription or sale of 
the Notes in Costa Rica. 
Czech Republic  
The Base Prospectus has not been and will not be approved by the Czech National Bank. No action has been 
taken in the Czech Republic (including the obtaining of the prospectus approval from the Czech National Bank 
and the admission to trading on a regulated market (as defined in section 55(1) of the Act of the Czech Republic 
No. 256/2004 Coll., on Conducting Business in the Capital Market, as amended (the “Capital Market Act”))) 
for the purposes of any Notes to qualify as securities admitted to trading on the regulated market in the Czech 
Republic within the meaning of the Capital Market Act. 
No offers or sales of any Notes may be made in the Czech Republic through a public offering (veřejná nabídka), 
except if in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation and the Capital Market Act. Public offering means, 
subject to several exemptions set out in the Prospectus Regulation and the Capital Market Act, a communication 
to persons in any form and by any means, presenting sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the 
securities to be offered, so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for those securities. 
All applicable provisions of the Capital Market Act, the Act of the Czech Republic No. 21/1992 Coll., on Banks, 
as amended, the Act of the Czech Republic No. 240/2013 Coll., on Management Companies and Investment 
Funds, as amended or any other applicable laws of the Czech Republic in respect of the Notes and its offering 
in the Czech Republic have been complied with.  
Republic of Cyprus 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes, except in conformity with the provisions 
of the Public Offer and Prospectus Law, Law 114(I)/2005 (as amended) (the “Prospectus Law”) and the 
provisions of the Cyprus Companies Law, Cap.113 (as amended) and only if such offer falls within the 
exemptions provided under s.4(3) of the Prospectus Law; 
(b) 
it has not and will not offer or sell any Notes other than in compliance with the provisions of the 
Investment Services and Activities and Regulated Markets Law, Law 87(I)/2017 (the “ISARM”);  
(c) 
it will not be providing from or within Cyprus any “Investment Services and Activities” and “Ancillary 
Services” (as such terms are defined in FIRST and SECOND Appendices accordingly under the ISARM) 
in relation to the Notes or will be otherwise providing Investment Services and Activities and Ancillary 
Services to residents or persons domiciled in Cyprus. Each Dealer has represented, warranted and/or 
agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent, warrant and/or agree (as applicable), that it will not be concluding in Cyprus any transaction 
relating to such Investment Services and Activities and Ancillary Services in contravention of the 
ISARM and/or applicable regulations adopted pursuant thereto or in relation thereto; and 
(d) 
it will not sell any Notes in breach of financial and economic sanctions imposed by the European Union 
pursuant to Regulation 833/2014 and 269/2014 as amended from time to time, and in particular, it will 
not sell any Notes denominated in an official currency of an EU Member State issued after 12 April 
2022, to any Russian national or natural person residing in Russia or any legal person, entity or body 
established in Russia, with the exception of Russian nationals or natural persons residing in Russia 
having a temporary or permanent residence permit in member country of the European Economic Area 
or in Switzerland.

--- Page 202 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
202 
Denmark 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that it has not offered or sold and will not offer, sell or deliver any Notes directly 
or indirectly in Denmark by way of public offering, unless in compliance with (i) the Danish Capital Markets 
Act (Consolidation Act No. 2014 of 1 November 2021, as amended from time to time) and any applicable 
executive orders issued thereunder from time to time and (ii) the Prospectus Regulation. 
A key information document (“KID”) must be prepared and distributed when offering or selling the Notes, or 
otherwise making them available, to any retail investor in the EEA if so required under the applicable 
requirements. A retail investor means either a retail client as defined by Article 4(1) of MiFID II or an investor 
that is not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, an offer of Notes to the public in Denmark means the communication in any 
form and by any means and through any distribution channel of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the relevant Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor in Denmark to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for such Notes.  
Dominican Republic  
The Notes discussed herein have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Market Law of the 
Dominican Republic (Ley del Mercado de Valores de la República Dominicana, No. 249-17 del 19 de diciembre 
de 2017), as the same may be amended or superseded from time to time, and including any regulations 
promulgated thereunder (the “Dominican Securities Laws”).  Such Notes may only be offered or sold in the 
Dominican Republic pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Dominican Securities 
Law, and consequently the Securities have not been offered in any public manner in the Dominican Republic.  
Accordingly, any purchaser of the Notes acknowledges and understands that as the same will not be subject to 
registration before or the supervision of the Dominican Republic Securities Superintendence (Superintendencia 
del Mercado de Valores de la República Dominicana) or any other authority in the Dominican Republic. Each 
Dealer has represented, warranted and/or agreed (as applicable) and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and/or agree (as applicable) that it will not offer or sell the 
Notes in the Dominican Republic, except in circumstances which do not constitute a public offering under 
Dominican laws and regulations. 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered and will not offer the Notes to any person in the Dubai 
International Financial Centre unless such offer is: 
(a) 
an “Exempt Offer” in accordance with the Markets Rules Module of the Dubai Financial Services 
Authority Rulebook (the “DFSA Rulebook”); and 
(b) 
made only to persons who meet the Professional Client criteria set out in Rule 2.3.3 of the Conduct of 
Business Module of the DFSA Rulebook. 
Ecuador 
Notes have not been and will not be registered in the Public Registry of the Stock Market (Catastro Público 
Nacional de Valores) or the Quito or Guayaquil Stock Exchange (Bolsa de Valores de Quito or Guayaquil), and 
each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it will not offer or sell Notes in Ecuador except through 
private transactions and under circumstances which do not constitute a public offering under book II of the

--- Page 203 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
203 
Monetary and Financial Organic Code (libro II del Código Orgánico Monetario y Financiero - Ley de Mercado 
de Valores) or its implementing rules and regulations.  
El Salvador 
Notes have not been and will not be registered with the Bolsa de Valores de El Salvador (Stock Exchange of El 
Salvador) nor the Registro Público Bursátil of the Superintendencia del Sistema Financiero de El Salvador 
(Public Stock Exchange Registry of El Salvador’s Financial System Superintendence) and each Dealer has 
represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent, warrant and agree, that it will not offer or sell Notes in the Republic of El Salvador except in 
circumstances which do not constitute a public offering or distribution under Salvadoran laws and regulations.  
Finland 
Notes, including Finnish Notes, issued under the Programme may not be marketed, offered or sold, or this Base 
Prospectus be distributed, directly or indirectly, to any resident of the Republic of Finland or in the Republic of 
Finland, except pursuant to applicable Finnish laws and regulations. Unless the applicable Final Terms specify 
that a non-exempt offer of such Notes to the public or admission to trading on a regulated market thereof, as 
referred to in the Finnish Securities Markets Act (Arvopaperimarkkinalaki 14.12.2012/746, as amended), is 
made in Finland in accordance and compliance with the applicable Finnish laws and regulations, the Notes may 
not be marketed, offered or sold or this Base Prospectus be distributed, directly or indirectly, to any resident of 
the Republic of Finland or in the Republic of Finland, other than to a limited number of pre-selected non-
qualified investors not exceeding 149, to qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation or to be 
acquired for a consideration of at least EUR 100,000 per investor with regard to an offer or in denominations 
of at least EUR 100,000 in nominal or counter value. This Base Prospectus is strictly for private use by its 
recipients and may not be passed on to third parties or otherwise distributed publicly. This Base Prospectus has 
not been approved by the Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority. 
France 
Each of the Dealers and each Issuer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
Offer to the public in France non exempted from the obligation to publish a prospectus: 
it has only made and will only make an offer of Notes to the public in France in the period beginning on 
the date of notification to the Autorité des marchés financiers (“AMF”) of the approval of the Base 
Prospectus by the competent authority of a member state of the European Economic Area, other than the 
AMF, and ending at the latest on the date which is 12 months after the date of approval of the Base 
Prospectus, all in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation and any applicable French law and 
regulation; or 
(b) 
Offer addressed solely to qualified investors in France: 
it has only offered or sold and will only offer or sell, directly or indirectly, any Notes in France to, and 
it has only distributed or caused to be distributed and will only distribute or cause to be distributed in 
France, this Base Prospectus, the applicable Issue Terms or any other offering material relating to the 
Notes to qualified investors as defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation.  
Guatemala 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Notes have been registered with the Registro del Mercado de Valores y 
Mercancias de la Republica de Guatemala (Guatemala’s National Registry for the Supervision of the 
Commercialisation of Securities) and, therefore, no Notes may be publicly offered in Guatemala or through 
Guatemalan broker/dealers.

--- Page 204 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
204 
The Notes are being placed privately or publicly in several markets outside of Guatemala, and Guatemalan 
residents interested in acquiring the Notes must accept (preferably) in writing that they are the ones making the 
approach to purchase such Notes, and must do it through the services of broker dealers active in those markets, 
and enter into transactions under laws other than Guatemalan law. 
Neither the Regulations for Initial Public Offerings and Sale of Securities contained in the Law of the Securities 
and Commodities Market (Ley del Mercado de Valores y Mercancias) nor any other Guatemalan Law or 
Regulation, nor the obligations regarding the information or risk rating applicable to securities registered with 
the Registro de Valores y Mercancias de la Republica de Guatemala apply to the Notes or any offering thereof. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell Notes publicly in the Republic of Guatemala. The 
Guatemalan Registro de Valores y Mercancias de la Republica de Guatemala has not reviewed or approved this 
Base Prospectus. This Base Prospectus may not be publicly distributed in Guatemala, nor shall any advertising 
of this Base Prospectus take place in the territory of the Republic of Guatemala. 
Guatemalan residents may be subject to Guatemalan tax laws. 
Honduras 
Neither the Issuers nor any Notes issued under the Programme have been, nor will they be, registered with the 
Honduran Securities Market Public Registry (Registro Público de Mercado de Valores) and therefore, no Notes 
may be publicly offered in Honduras and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will comply with all applicable 
law and will not offer or sell Notes publicly in Honduras. The Honduran National Banking and Insurance 
Commission has not reviewed or approved this Base Prospectus. This Base Prospectus may not be publicly 
distributed in Honduras, nor shall any advertising of this Base Prospectus take place in the territory of the 
Republic of Honduras, nor through electronic means that are aimed specifically to people in the Honduran 
territory.  
Hong Kong Special Administrative Region 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of 
the People’s Republic of China (“Hong Kong”), by means of any document, any Notes (except for Notes 
which are a “structured product” as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong 
Kong (the “SFO”)) other than (i) to “professional investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules made 
under the SFO; or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a “prospectus” 
as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong 
Kong (the “C(WUMP)O”) or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the 
C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation 
or document relating to any Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed 
or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong 
Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons 
outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in the SFO and any rules made under 
the SFO.

--- Page 205 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
205 
Hungary  
In addition to the rules applicable to the EEA as described above, in connection with any private placement in 
Hungary, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that (i) all written documentation prepared in connection with a private 
placement in Hungary will clearly indicate that it is a private placement, (ii) it will ensure that all investors 
receive the same information which is material or necessary to the evaluation of the Issuer’s current market, 
economic, financial and legal situation and its expected development, including that which was discussed in 
any personal consultation with an investor, and (iii) the following standard wording will be included in all such 
written communication: 
“PURSUANT TO SECTION 18 OF ACT CXX OF 2001 ON THE CAPITAL MARKETS, THIS [NAME OF 
DOCUMENT] WAS PREPARED IN CONNECTION WITH A PRIVATE PLACEMENT IN HUNGARY.”. 
India  
No invitation, offer or sale to purchase or subscribe to the Notes is made or intended to be made to the public 
in India through this Base Prospectus or any amendment or supplement thereto. Neither this Base Prospectus 
nor any amendment or supplement thereto is a prospectus, offer document or advertisement nor has it been or 
will be submitted or registered as a prospectus or offer document under any applicable law or regulation in 
India. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any amendment or supplement thereto has been reviewed, approved, or 
recommended by any Registrar of Companies in India, the Securities and Exchange Board of India, the Reserve 
Bank of India, any stock exchange in India or any other Indian regulatory authority.  
The Issuer has not authorised any offer of any Notes in India, to or for the account or benefit of any ‘Person 
Resident in India’ within the meaning of Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 (“PRI”), either directly or 
indirectly, by means of any document. Unless otherwise specified, no issues of Notes are offered, made 
available for subscription or sold pursuant to the Companies Act, 2013, the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India Act, 1992, the guidelines, rules, regulations, circulars made thereunder or under any Indian law or 
regulations. Notes may not lawfully be offered, subscribed for by, sold to or held, whether directly or indirectly, 
by any PRI and by the purchase of a Note, the relevant Noteholder will be deemed to represent and warrant that 
it is not a PRI.  
Communications relating to Notes may only be made to (i) persons resident outside India and (ii) entities which 
do not qualify as PRI. Communications relating to the issue of Notes or any material relating to the Notes, 
including the Base Prospectus, will not be circulated or distributed directly or indirectly and has not been 
circulated or distributed, directly or indirectly, to any person or the public or any member of the public in India 
or otherwise generally distributed or circulated in India, in circumstances which would constitute an 
advertisement, invitation, sale or solicitation of an offer to subscribe for or purchase any securities to the public 
within the meaning of the Companies Act, 2013 and other applicable Indian law, regulations for the time being 
in force. In relation to the Notes relating to Indian securities, in addition to the requirements specified above, 
communications relating to such Notes may only be made to entities which are regulated by the relevant 
regulatory authority in the country of its establishment or incorporation, as described in Regulation 22(1) of the 
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Foreign Portfolio Investors) Regulations, 2019 (as may be amended 
from time to time) and by the purchase of a Notes relating to Indian securities, the relevant Noteholder will be 
deemed to represent and warrant that it is so regulated. 
Each investor in the Notes acknowledges, represents and agrees that it is eligible to invest in the Notes under 
applicable laws and regulations in India and that it is not prohibited or debarred under any law or regulation 
from acquiring, owning or selling the Notes.

--- Page 206 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
206 
Ireland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place any Notes, otherwise than in conformity with the provisions 
of the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations, 2017 (as amended, the “MiFiD 
II Regulations”), including Regulation 5 (Requirement for authorisation (and certain provisions 
concerning MTFs and OTFs)) thereof or any codes of conduct made under the MiFiD II Regulations 
and the provisions of the Investor Compensation Act 1998 (as amended); 
(b) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, any Notes, otherwise than in conformity with the provisions 
of the Irish Companies Act 2014 (as amended, the “Companies Act”), the Irish Central Bank Acts 1942 
to 2018 (as amended) and any codes of practice made under Section 117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989 
(as amended);  
(c) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, or do anything in Ireland with respect to any Notes otherwise 
than in conformity with the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation, the European Union (Prospectus) 
Regulations 2019 (as amended) and any rules and guidance issued by the Central Bank under Section 
1363 of the Companies Act; 
(d) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, place or otherwise act in Ireland with respect to any Notes, otherwise 
than in conformity with the provisions of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) 596/2014 (as amended), 
the European Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 2016 (as amended) and any rules and guidance issued 
by the Central Bank under Section 1370 of the Companies Act; and 
(e) 
it will not underwrite the issue of, place or otherwise act in Ireland in respect of the Notes, otherwise 
than in accordance with the requirements set out in Notice BSD C01/02 issued by the Central Bank of 
Ireland pursuant to Section 8(2) of the Central Bank Act 1971 (as amended). 
Israel  
This Base Prospectus does not constitute a prospectus under the Israeli Securities Law, 5728-1968 (the “Israeli 
Securities Law”) and has not been filed with, or approved by the Israeli Securities Authority. In Israel, the Base 
Prospectus may be distributed only to, and may be directed only at, Israeli investors who have confirmed in 
writing that they (a) qualify as one of the types of investors listed in the First Addendum to the Israeli Securities 
Law (“Israeli Qualified Investors”), and are aware of the implications of being classified as an investor of this 
type and agree thereto, and (b) are acquiring the Notes for their own account and not with a view to, or for 
resale in connection with, any distribution thereof, except, to the extent permitted under the First Addendum to 
the Israeli Securities Law, for distribution or resale to Israeli Qualified Investors. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and/or agreed (as applicable), and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and/or agree (as applicable) that, it will not offer or sell 
Notes in the State of Israel other than to Israeli Qualified Investors. 
Italy 
Unless specified in the applicable Issue Terms that a non-exempt offer may be made in Italy, the offering of the 
Notes has not been registered, pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no Notes may be 
offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus (including the Issue Terms) or of any other 
document relating to Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and applicable Italian laws; or

--- Page 207 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
207 
(b) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of 
the Prospectus Regulation, Article 100 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended 
(the “Financial Services Act”), Article 34-ter of Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999 (“Regulation 
No. 11971”), as amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
In any case, any offer, sale or delivery of Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to Notes in the Republic of Italy under paragraph (a) or (b) above must: 
(a) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in 
the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 
15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, 
as amended from time to time (the “Banking Act”);  
(b) 
comply with Article 129 of the Banking Act, as amended from time to time, and the implementing 
guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time; and 
(c) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations, including any limitation or requirement which 
may be imposed from time to time by CONSOB, the Bank of Italy and/or any other competent authority. 
In accordance with Article 5 of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 100-bis of the Financial Services Act 
where no exemption from the rules on public offerings applies under paragraphs (a) and (b) above, Notes which 
have a minimum denomination lower than €100,000 and are initially offered and placed in the Republic of Italy 
or abroad to qualified investors only but in the following year are regularly (sistematicamente) distributed on 
the secondary market in the Republic of Italy to non-qualified investors become subject to the public offer and 
the prospectus requirement rules provided under the Prospectus Regulation, Financial Services Act and 
Regulation No. 11971. Failure to comply with such rules may result in the sale of such Notes being declared 
null and void and in the liability of the intermediary transferring the Notes for any damages suffered by such 
non-qualified investors.  
Japan  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the “FIEA”) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any 
Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, 
Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Law No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or 
to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, 
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the 
FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
State of Kuwait 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, acknowledge and agree, that the Notes have not been and will not be, at any time, offered, 
sold, promoted or advertised by it in the State of Kuwait other than in compliance with Law No.7 of 2010 and 
the bylaws thereto, as amended governing the issue, marketing, offering and sale of securities in Kuwait.  
This Base Prospectus is not for general circulation to the public and/or as private placement in Kuwait. The 
Notes have not been licensed for offering and sale in Kuwait by the Kuwait Capital Markets Authority or any 
other relevant Kuwaiti government agency. The offering and sale of the Notes in Kuwait whether on the basis 
a private placement or public offering is, therefore, restricted in accordance with Law No. 7 of 2010 and the 
bylaws thereto (as amended). No private or public offering of the Notes is being made in Kuwait, and 
consequently the agreement relating to the sale of the Notes outside Kuwait will be concluded outside Kuwait.

--- Page 208 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
208 
No private or public offering of the Notes is being made in Kuwait, and no agreement relating to the sale of the 
Notes will be concluded in Kuwait. 
Mexico  
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered with the Mexican National Registry of Securities (Registro 
Nacional de Valores) maintained by the Mexican National Banking and Securities Commission (Comisión 
Nacional Bancaria y de Valores; the “CNBV”), pursuant to the Mexican Securities Market Law (Ley del 
Mercado de Valores) and may not be offered or sold publicly in Mexico. Each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it 
will not offer or sell Notes publicly in Mexico. This Base Prospectus may not be publicly distributed in Mexico.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Notes may be offered and sold in Mexico by the Issuer and the Dealers, on 
a private placement basis, to investors in Mexico that qualify as institutional or qualified investors under the 
Mexican Securities Market Law and regulations thereunder.  
The CNBV has not reviewed or approved this Base Prospectus and the information included herein is solely 
the responsibility of the Issuer. 
The Netherlands 
If the Issue Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that the Notes (or any interest therein) are not and may 
not, directly or indirectly, be offered, sold, pledged, delivered or transferred in the Netherlands, on their 
issue date or at any time thereafter, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other document in relation to 
any offering of the Notes (or any interest therein) may be distributed or circulated in the Netherlands, other 
than to qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation, provided that these parties acquire the 
Notes for their own account or that of another qualified investor. However, the Notes may be offered free 
of any restriction in the Netherlands provided that each such Notes has a minimum denomination of EUR 
100,000 (or the equivalent thereof in non-Euro currency) and subject to compliance with the relevant 
requirements under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
Norway  
Norway has implemented the Prospectus Regulation cf. chapter 7 of the Securities Trading Act of 29 June 2007 
no. 75, as amended, and chapter 7 of the Securities Trading Regulations of 29 June 2007 No. 876, as amended. 
Consequently, the selling restrictions set out in the section “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” above 
apply. 
Notes denominated in Norwegian Kroner may not be offered or sold within Norway, without the Notes prior 
thereto having been registered with a central securities depositary licensed or recognised pursuant to Regulation 
(EU) No. 909/2014, cf. section 3-1 of the Central Securities Depositaries Act of 15 March 2019 no.6. 
Further, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that (i) the Notes will only be offered and sold in Norway in accordance 
with the provisions on marketing of structured products set out in section 16-2 of the Financial Institutions 
Regulations of 9 December 2016 no. 1502, as amended and (ii) the Notes will only be sold in Norway to 
investors who have sufficient knowledge and experience to understand the risks involved with investing in the 
Notes.

--- Page 209 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
209 
Oman  
This Base Prospectus has not been filed with or registered as a prospectus with the Capital Market Authority of 
Oman pursuant to Article 3 of the Capital Market Authority Law SD 80/98 (Article 3), and will not be offered 
or sold as an offer of securities in Oman as contemplated by the Commercial Companies Law of Oman (RD 
18/2019, as amended) or Article 3. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that the Notes have not been and will not be offered, sold or delivered by it, 
and no invitation to subscribe for or to purchase the Notes has been or will be made by it, directly or indirectly, 
nor may any document or other material in connection therewith be distributed by it in Oman to any person in 
Oman other than by an entity duly licensed by the Capital Market Authority of Oman to market non-Omani 
securities in Oman and then only in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations, including Article 139 
of the Executive Regulations of the Capital Markets Law (Decision No. 1/2009, as amended). 
Panama  
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered with the Superintendency of the Securities Market of 
Panama. Accordingly (i) the Notes cannot be publicly offered or sold in Panama, except in transactions 
exempted from registration under the Securities Laws of Panama, (ii) the Superintendency of the Securities 
Market of Panama has not reviewed the information contained in this Base Prospectus, (iii) the Notes and its 
offer are not subject to the supervision of the Superintendency of the Securities Market of Panama and (iv) the 
Notes do not benefit from the tax incentives provided by the Securities Laws of Panama. 
Paraguay  
Notes have not been and will not be registered with the Comisión Nacional de Valores (the “Paraguayan 
Securities Commission”) and each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it will not offer or sell 
Notes in the Republic of Paraguay except in circumstances which do not constitute a public offering or 
distribution under Paraguayan laws, regulations and market practices. 
Paraguayan investors must acknowledge that (i) any legal matter arising from an offer of Notes under this Base 
Prospectus shall not be submitted to any Paraguayan authority, (ii) the Paraguayan Deposit Insurance legislation 
does not insure investments in the Notes, (iii) the Paraguayan Central Bank (Banco Central del Paraguay), the 
Paraguayan Securities Commission and the Paraguayan Banking Superintendency (Superintendencia de 
Bancos) do not regulate the offering of these Notes or any obligations that may arise from such offering, (iv) 
they may be subject to taxes under Paraguayan laws on the profits obtained from the Notes or the sale thereof 
and (v) they are responsible to conduct an independent examination of the relevant offer, and to ascertain and 
assess the risks arising from or in connection with the investments in the Notes. 
People’s Republic of China 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that the Notes are not being offered or sold and may not be offered or 
sold, directly or indirectly, in the People’s Republic of China (for such purposes, not including the Hong Kong 
and Macau Special Administrative Regions or Taiwan), except as permitted by the laws of the People’s Republic 
of China. 
Further, no persons of the People’s Republic of China may directly or indirectly purchase any of the Notes or 
any beneficial interest therein without obtaining all necessary prior approvals or completing all necessary 
registrations or filings that are required from regulators of the People’s Republic of China, whether statutorily 
or otherwise. Persons who come into possession of this document are required by the Dealer and its 
representatives to observe these restrictions.

--- Page 210 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
210 
Peru  
Notes issued under this Base Prospectus may only be placed privately in Peru, if such offering is considered a 
private offering under the securities laws and regulations of Peru. The Peruvian securities market law establishes 
that any particular offer may qualify as private, among others, if it is directed exclusively at institutional 
investors. The Notes will not be subject to a public offering in Peru. Therefore, neither this Base Prospectus nor 
any Notes have been or will be registered with the Superintendencia de Mercado de Valores (Peru’s National 
Corporations and Securities Supervisory Commission or SMV) or with the Lima Stock Exchange.  
This Base Prospectus and other offering materials relating to the offer of the Notes are being supplied to those 
Peruvian investors who have expressly requested them. Such materials may not be distributed to any person or 
entity other than the intended recipients. 
Peruvian investors, as defined by Peruvian legislation, must rely on their own examination of the terms of the 
offering of the Notes to determine their ability to invest in them.  
Peruvian residents may be taxed under Peruvian tax laws, on the profits obtained from the Notes or the transfer 
or redemption thereof. Investors must independently evaluate the application of such taxes before purchasing 
the Notes. 
Philippines  
THE NOTES BEING OFFERED OR SOLD HEREIN HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE 
PHILIPPINE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION (PSEC) UNDER THE SECURITIES 
REGULATION CODE (THE “SRC”). ANY FUTURE OFFER OR SALE OF THE NOTES IS SUBJECT TO 
REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS UNDER THE SRC UNLESS SUCH OFFER OR SALE QUALIFIES 
AS AN EXEMPT TRANSACTION.  
The Notes may only be sold outside the Philippines to “qualified buyers” as defined under 10.1(L) of the SRC 
or in accordance with any other exemption under the SRC, and consequently any such transaction will be 
exempt from the registration requirements under the SRC.  
By a purchase of a Note, the relevant Noteholder will be deemed to acknowledge that the issue of, offer for 
subscription or purchase of, or invitation to subscribe for or purchase, such Note was made outside the 
Philippines to a qualified buyer or the sale of which otherwise qualifies as an exempt transaction under the 
SRC.  
Poland 
The Base Prospectus has not been subject to the approval of the Polish Financial Supervisory Authority or any 
other competent Polish authority. Accordingly, the Notes may not be offered or sold in the Republic of Poland 
(“Poland”) by way of a Public Offering (as defined below) and/or be admitted to a regulated market in Poland, 
unless it is done in compliance with the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted 
to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC (the “EU Prospectus Regulation”), the 
Act on Public Offering and on the Conditions Governing the Introduction of Financial Instruments to an 
Organised Trading System and Public Companies dated 29 July 2005 (as amended) and any other applicable 
laws and regulations enacted under these acts or in substitution thereof from time to time. Under the EU 
Prospectus Regulation, an 'offer of securities to the public' means a communication to persons in any form and 
by any means, presenting sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the securities to be offered, so as 
to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for those securities (“Public Offering”). 
The conduct of a Public Offering of Securities in Poland as well as subscription or sale relating to such Public 
Offering requires an intermediation of a licenced investment firm, except for certain Public Offerings exempted

--- Page 211 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
211 
from the prospectus obligation. In addition, the sale to or acquisition and holding of the Notes by residents of 
Poland may be subject to additional requirements and restrictions imposed by Polish law, beyond the restrictions 
and requirements provided by generally applicable provisions of European Union law, including under foreign 
exchange regulations. 
Portugal  
No offer or sale of Notes may be made in Portugal except in circumstances that will result in compliance with 
the rules concerning marketing of Notes and the laws of Portugal generally. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed with the Issuer, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
and any person offering the Notes in Portugal (a “Portuguese Offeror”) will be required to represent and agree, 
that Notes may only be offered by any such Dealer or any such Portuguese Offeror to the public in the 
Portuguese Republic (“Portugal”) under circumstances which are deemed to be a public offer (oferta pública) 
under the Portuguese Securities Code (Código dos Valores Mobiliários) enacted by Decree Law no. 486/99 of 
November 13, as amended from time to time, subject to the fulfilment of the requirements and provisions 
applicable to public offerings in Portugal. In general, each Portuguese Offeror will be required to represent and 
agree that it has not offered or sold, and it will not offer or sell any Notes in Portugal or to residents of Portugal 
otherwise than in accordance with applicable Portuguese Law, including, if the Notes are issued with a 
Scheduled Maturity Date up to 397 (three hundred ninety-seven) days after their respective issuance, the rules 
of Decree-Law 69/2004, as amended. 
In particular, no offering materials will be publicly distributed in Portugal by any such Dealer or any such 
Portuguese Offeror and no publicity or marketing activities related to Notes will be conducted in Portugal by 
any such Dealer or any such Portuguese Offeror unless the requirements and provisions applicable to public 
offerings in Portugal are met, and in any case Notes will only be distributed or placed or advertised in Portugal 
if all applicable legal and regulatory requirements are met, including the approval and publication (if and as 
required) of a Key Information Document (“KID”) approved by the Portuguese Securities Market Commission 
(“CMVM”) under the terms of Regulation (EU) no. 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 26 November 2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) and further delegated acts. 
In addition, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
and any Portuguese Offeror will be required to represent and agree, that: (i) it has not directly or indirectly taken 
any action or offered, advertised, marketed, invited to subscribe, gathered investment intentions, sold or 
delivered and will not directly or indirectly take any action, offer, advertise, invite to subscribe, gather 
investment intentions, sell, re-sell, re-offer or deliver any Notes in circumstances which could qualify as a public 
offer (oferta pública) of securities pursuant to the Portuguese Securities Code, notably in circumstances which 
could qualify as a public offer addressed to individuals or entities resident in Portugal or having a permanent 
establishment located in Portuguese territory, as the case may be, or in circumstances which could qualify the 
issue of Notes as an issue in the Portuguese market except in accordance with all applicable laws and 
regulations; (ii) all offers, sales and distributions by it of Notes have been and will only be made in Portugal in 
circumstances that, pursuant to the Portuguese Securities Code or other securities legislation or regulations, 
qualify as a private placement of Notes (oferta particular) except if such offers, sales and distributions qualify 
as and follow the requirements applicable to a public offer (oferta pública) pursuant to the aforementioned 
provisions; (iii) it has not distributed, made available or caused to be distributed and will not distribute, make 
available or cause to be distributed this Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to Notes in 
Portugal except in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations; (iv) it will comply with all applicable 
provisions of the Portuguese Securities Code, the Prospectus Regulation and any applicable Regulations of the 
CMVM and all relevant Portuguese securities laws and regulations, in any such case that may be applicable to 
it in respect of any offer or sale of Notes by it in Portugal or to individuals or entities resident in Portugal or 
having a permanent establishment located in Portuguese territory (or to whom Portuguese laws and regulations

--- Page 212 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
212 
on the distribution of financial instruments otherwise apply), as the case may be, including the publication of a 
prospectus, when applicable, or commencing a prospectus recognition procedure with the CMVM, and/or filing 
with the CMVM and disclosing to investors a KID under the applicable laws and regulations on packaged retail 
and insurance-based investment products (PRIIPs), including the PRIIPs Regulation and further delegated acts. 
State of Qatar (including the QFC) 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, delivered or sold, and will not offer, deliver or sell, at 
any time, directly or indirectly, any Notes in the State of Qatar (including the QFC), except: 
(a) 
in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations of the State of Qatar (including the QFC); and 
(b) 
through persons or corporate entities authorised and licensed to provide investment advice and/or engage 
in brokerage activity and/or trade in respect of foreign securities in the State of Qatar (including the 
QFC). 
This Base Prospectus (i) has not been, and will not be, reviewed, registered with or approved by the Qatar 
Central Bank, the Qatar Stock Exchange, the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority or the Qatar Financial 
Markets Authority and may not be publicly distributed in the State of Qatar (including the QFC), (ii) is intended 
for the original recipient only (who requested a copy of this Base Prospectus) and must not be provided to any 
other person, and (iii) is not for general circulation in the State of Qatar (including the QFC) and may not be 
reproduced or used for any other purpose.  
Nothing in this Base Prospectus constitutes, is intended to constitute, shall be treated as constituting or shall be 
deemed to constitute (i) any offer or sale of securities in the State of Qatar or the QFC, (ii) the marketing of 
securities in the State of Qatar or the QFC, or (iii) an attempt to do business as a bank, an investment company 
or otherwise in the State of Qatar or the QFC, other than in compliance with any applicable laws in the State of 
Qatar or the QFC governing the issue, offering and sale of securities. 
Russian Federation  
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold or transferred or otherwise 
disposed of and will not offer or sell or transfer or otherwise dispose of any Notes (as part of their initial 
distribution or at any time thereafter) to or for the benefit of any persons (including legal entities) resident, 
incorporated, established or having their usual residence in the Russian Federation or to any person located 
within the territory of the Russian Federation unless and to the extent otherwise permitted under Russian law. 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
No action has been or will be taken in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia that would permit a public offering of the 
Notes. Any investor in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia or who is a Saudi person (a “Saudi Investor”) who 
acquires any Notes pursuant to an offering should note that the offer of Notes is a private placement under 
Article 8 or Article 9 of the “Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing Obligations” as issued by the 
Board of the Capital Market Authority of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (the “CMA”) resolution number 3-123-
2017 dated 27 December 2017, as amended by the Board of the CMA resolution number 1-94-2022 dated 22 
August 2022 (the “KSA Regulations”), issued pursuant to the Capital Markets Law of the Kingdom of Saudi 
Arabia (Royal Decree No. M/30 dated 21 July 2003, as amended pursuant to Royal Decree No. M/16 dated 18 
September 2019), made through a person authorised by the CMA to carry out the securities activity of arranging 
and following a notification to the CMA under Article 10 of the KSA Regulations. 
The Notes may thus not be advertised, offered or sold to any person in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia other than 
to investors meeting the criteria of “Institutional Clients” or “Qualified Clients” under Article 8 of the KSA

--- Page 213 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
213 
Regulations or by way of a limited offer under Article 9 of the KSA Regulations. Each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that any offer of Notes made by it to a Saudi Investor will be made in compliance with Article 8 or Article 9 of 
the KSA Regulations. 
Each offer of Notes shall not therefore constitute a “public offer”, an “exempt offer” or a “parallel market offer” 
pursuant to the KSA Regulations, but is subject to the restrictions on secondary market activity under Article 
14 of the KSA Regulations. Any Saudi Investor who has acquired Notes pursuant to a private placement under 
Article 8 or Article 9 of the KSA Regulations may not offer or sell those Notes to any person unless the offer 
or sale is made through an authorised person appropriately licensed by the CMA and: 
(a) 
the Notes are offered or sold to an investor meeting the criteria of “Institutional Client” or “Qualified 
Client” (as defined in the CMA’s Glossary of Defined Terms used in the Regulations and Rules of the 
Capital Market Authority); 
(b) 
the price to be paid for the Notes in any one transaction does not exceed Saudi Riyals 200,000 or an 
equivalent amount; or 
(c) 
the securities are being offered or sold in such other circumstances as the CMA may prescribe for these 
purposes.  
Singapore 
This Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore, and the Notes will be offered pursuant to exemptions under the SFA. Accordingly, the Notes may 
not be offered or sold or made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase nor may this Base 
Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale or invitation for subscription 
or purchase of any Notes be circulated or distributed, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore 
other than (a) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the 
SFA, (b) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA 
or to any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in 
Section 275 of the SFA, or (c) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other 
applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business 
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, 
each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(a) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA;  
(b) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;  
(c) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;

--- Page 214 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
214 
(d) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(e) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Unless otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant 
persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme 
shall be capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities 
and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Specified Investment Products (as 
defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: 
Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Any reference to the “SFA” is a reference to the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore as modified or 
amended from time to time and a reference to any term as defined in the SFA or any provision in the SFA is a 
reference to that term as modified or amended from time to time including by such of its subsidiary legislation 
as may be applicable at the relevant time.  
South Africa 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree that it has not and will not offer or sell, or solicit any offers for 
subscription for or sale of, the Notes, or procure the issuance of the Notes, directly or indirectly, (i) in South 
Africa, except in accordance with the South African Companies Act, 2008 (the “South African Companies 
Act, 2008”) pursuant to an offer that falls within an exemption from “an offer to the public” set out in section 
96(1) of the South African Companies Act and in accordance with any other applicable laws or regulations of 
South Africa in force from time to time (including the Commercial Paper Regulations promulgated under 
Government Notice 2172 (published in Government Gazette No. 16167 of 14 December 1994) pursuant to the 
South African Banks Act, 1990 (the “South African Banks Act”), the Financial Advisory and Intermediary 
Services Act, 2002 and the South African Exchange Control Regulations, 1961 promulgated pursuant to the 
South African Currency and Exchanges Act, 1933 (the “South African Exchange Control Regulations”) or 
(ii) to any person who or which is a resident of South Africa except in accordance with the South African 
Exchange Control Regulations. 
This Base Prospectus does not, nor is it intended to, constitute a “registered prospectus” (as that term is defined 
in the South African Companies Act) prepared and registered under the South African Companies Act and has 
not been approved by, or registered with, the South African Companies and Intellectual Property Commission 
or any other South African authority. 
Information made available in this Base Prospectus should not be considered as “advice” as defined in the 
Financial Advisory and Intermediary Services Act, 2002. 
Spain 
This Base Prospectus has not been registered with the Spanish Securities Markets Commission (Comisión 
Nacional del Mercado de Valores). In addition to the provisions set out under the section “Prohibition of Sales 
to EEA Retail Investors” above, which are fully applicable in Spain, each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that, to the 
extent that the offer of Notes under the Programme shall be deemed to be a public offer (oferta pública) or an 
admission to trading in Spain pursuant to the Royal Legislative Decree 4/2015 of 23 October of the Securities 
Markets (Real Decreto Legislativo 4/2015, de 23 de octubre, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley 
del Mercado de Valores) (hereafter Royal Legislative Decree 4/2015) as amended and restated from time to 
time, Notes may only be offered, sold or delivered, directly or indirectly by any such Dealer to the public in the 
Kingdom of Spain or admitted to trading in Spain in compliance with the requirements and provisions

--- Page 215 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
215 
applicable to public offerings and admission to trading in Spain, including, the Prospectus Regulation and Royal 
Legislative Decree 4/2015, as amended and restated from time to time, or any other related regulations that may 
be in force from time to time, as further amended, supplemented or restated. 
Sweden 
This Base Prospectus has not been approved by and will not be submitted for approval to the Swedish Financial 
Supervisory Authority (Finansinspektionen) for the purposes of public offering or sale of securities in Sweden. 
Accordingly, the Notes, including Swedish Notes, issued under this Programme may not be offered or sold to 
the public in Sweden directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other circular, prospectus, 
form of application, advertisement or other material may be reproduced, distributed, or otherwise made 
available in or from, or published in Sweden, except in circumstances which do not constitute a public offer of 
securities to the public or, subject to prospectus requirements, in accordance with the provisions of the 
Prospectus Regulation and all other applicable legislation and regulation in Sweden. 
Switzerland 
This Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute, and does not constitute, an offer to the public or solicitation 
to purchase or invest in the Notes described herein. The Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, 
in Switzerland to retail clients within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) and will not 
be admitted to trading on a trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland.  
The offering of the Notes in Switzerland is exempt from the requirement to prepare and publish a prospectus 
under FinSA because such offering is made to professional clients within the meaning of FinSA only. No key 
information document according to FinSA or any equivalent document under FinSA has been prepared in 
relation to the Notes, and, therefore, the Notes may not be offered or recommended to retail clients within the 
meaning of FinSA in Switzerland. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a 
prospectus within the meaning of FinSA, and no such prospectus has been or will be prepared for or in 
connection with the offering of the Notes in Switzerland. This Base Prospectus has not been and will not be 
reviewed or approved by a Swiss review authority, and does not comply with the disclosure requirements 
applicable to a prospectus within the meaning of FinSA. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or 
marketing material relating to the Notes may be distributed or otherwise made available in a manner, which 
would require the publication of a prospectus in Switzerland. 
The Notes do not constitute a participation in a collective investment scheme in the meaning of the Swiss 
Collective Investment Schemes Act (“CISA”) and are not subject to supervision by the Swiss Financial Market 
Supervisory Authority (“FINMA”), and investors in Notes will not benefit from protection under CISA or 
supervision by FINMA. Notes issued under the Programme are neither issued nor guaranteed by a Swiss 
financial intermediary. Investors are exposed to the credit risk of the Issuer.  
Taiwan 
The Notes are not permitted to be sold, offered or issued in Taiwan and are not permitted to be made available 
to Taiwan resident investors except (i) outside Taiwan for purchase by such investors outside Taiwan; (ii) where 
applicable, through properly licensed intermediaries expressly permitted to make the Notes available to their 
customers under applicable Taiwan laws and regulations; or (iii) as otherwise permitted by applicable Taiwan 
law and regulations. 
Republic of Turkey  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer will be required to represent and agree that 
neither it, nor any of its respective affiliates, nor any person acting on its behalf or on behalf of any of its

--- Page 216 ---
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE AND TRANSFER AND SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
216 
respective affiliates, shall offer or sell the Notes (or beneficial interest therein) in Turkey in any circumstances 
which would constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the Capital Markets Law No. 6362 and the 
Capital Markets Board of Turkey’s (the “CMB”) Communiqué VII-128.4 on the Foreign Capital Markets 
Instruments, Depositary Receipts and Foreign Mutual Fund Units. Each Dealer has represented and agreed and 
each further Dealer will be required to further represent and agree that neither it nor any of its affiliates, nor any 
person acting on its behalf or on behalf of any of its affiliates has or will use any prospectus, or other offering 
material related to the offering in connection with any general offering to the public within Turkey for the 
purpose of offer or sale of the Notes without prior approval of the Capital Market Board of Turkey. Pursuant to 
Article 15(d)(ii) of Decree No. 32 regarding the protection of the value of the Turkish currency, residents of 
Turkey may purchase the Notes on an unsolicited (reverse inquiry) basis, provided that (i) such Notes are traded 
in the financial markets outside of Turkey; (ii) such purchase is made through banks licensed by the Banking 
Regulation and Supervisory Agency and/or brokerage institutions licensed by the CMB in Turkey; and (iii) the 
consideration of the purchase of such Notes has been or will be transferred through such licensed banks 
operating in Turkey. 
United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre)  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that the Notes have not been and will not be offered, sold or publicly promoted 
or advertised by it in the United Arab Emirates other than in compliance with any laws applicable in the United 
Arab Emirates governing the issue, offering and sale of securities. 
Uruguay  
Notes issued under the Programme are not and will not be registered with the Financial Services 
Superintendence of the Central Bank of Uruguay to be publicly offered in Uruguay, but will only be placed 
relying on the private placement exemption pursuant to section 2 of law 18,627. None of the Issuers qualify as 
an investment fund regulated by Uruguayan law 16,774, as amended. Each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that Notes 
placed in Uruguay will be placed relying on a private placement (oferta privada) pursuant to section 2 of law 
18,627. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be amended by the agreement of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor (where the 
Issuer is CGMHI), the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) and the relevant Dealers. Any such 
amendment will be set out in either the subscription agreement or the dealer accession letter, as relevant, and/or 
the Pricing Supplement issued in respect of the issue of Notes to which it relates or in a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus. 
No action has been taken or will be taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the 
Notes, or possession or distribution of this Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Issue Terms, 
in any country or jurisdiction where, or under circumstances in which, action for that purpose is required and 
has not been taken. No offers, sales, resales or deliveries of any Notes, or distribution of any offering material 
relating to any Notes, may be made in or from any jurisdiction except in circumstances which will result in 
compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and which will not impose any obligation on any of 
CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor and/or any Dealer. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it will comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction 
in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes this Base Prospectus, 
any other offering material or any Issue Terms, in all cases at its own expense, and none of CGMHI, the CGMHI 
Guarantor, CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor and any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefore.

--- Page 217 ---
TAXATION OF NOTES 
217 
SECTION F.8 – TAXATION OF NOTES 
GENERAL 
Purchasers of Notes may be required to pay taxes (including stamp taxes) and other charges in accordance with 
the laws and practices of the country of purchase in addition to the issue price of each Note. 
TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING NOTES MAY HAVE TAX CONSEQUENCES FOR POTENTIAL 
PURCHASERS WHICH MAY DEPEND, AMONGST OTHER THINGS, UPON THE STATUS OF THE 
POTENTIAL PURCHASER AND LAWS RELATING TO TRANSFER AND REGISTRATION TAXES. 
INVESTORS SHOULD BE AWARE THAT THE TAX LEGISLATION OF THE COUNTRY IN WHICH 
THE INVESTOR IS RESIDENT AND OF THE ISSUER’S COUNTRY OF INCORPORATION MAY 
HAVE AN IMPACT ON THE INCOME RECEIVED FROM THE NOTES. POTENTIAL 
PURCHASERS WHO ARE IN ANY DOUBT ABOUT THE TAX POSITION OF ANY ASPECT OF 
TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING NOTES SHOULD CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISORS. 
Unless otherwise expressly provided below, the relevant Issuer, where the relevant Issuer is CGMHI, the 
CGMHI Guarantor and, where the relevant Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor, do not accept 
responsibility for the withholding of taxes at source. This statement should be read in conjunction with 
General Condition 8 (Taxation). 
UNITED STATES FEDERAL TAX CONSIDERATIONS  
General 
The following is a summary of certain U.S. federal income tax consequences that may be relevant to the 
purchase, ownership and disposition by Non-U.S. Holders (as defined below) of Notes that the Issuer treats as 
debt (except as expressly provided herein), and that are in registered form for U.S. federal income tax purposes.. 
This summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all of the tax consequences that may be 
relevant to the decision to purchase the Notes by any particular investor, including tax consequences that arise 
from rules of general application to all taxpayers or to certain classes of taxpayers or that are generally believed 
to be known by investors. For example, this summary does not address the tax consequences to (i) persons that 
may be subject to special treatment under U.S. federal income tax law, such as banks, insurance companies, 
thrift institutions, regulated investment companies, real estate investment trusts, tax-exempt organisations, 
traders in securities that elect to mark to market for tax purposes and dealers in securities, (ii) individual Non-
U.S. Holders who recognise gain in respect of a Note in a taxable year in which the Non-U.S. Holder is present 
in the United States for 183 days or more, (iii) persons that do not hold the Notes as capital assets, or (iv) except 
where the context indicates otherwise, persons that did not purchase the Notes in the initial offering. 
This summary is based on the Code, U.S. Treasury regulations and judicial and administrative interpretations 
thereof, in each case as in effect on the date hereof. Changes to any of the foregoing could affect the tax 
consequences described below, possibly with retroactive effect. Further, this summary does not describe any 
tax consequences arising out of the tax laws of any state, local or non-U.S. jurisdiction, or any U.S. federal 
taxes other than income taxes and, to a limited extent, estate taxes. Accordingly, this summary does not address 
alternative minimum tax consequences, special tax accounting rules under Section 451(b) of the Code, or the 
Medicare tax on investment income. Prospective purchasers of the Notes should consult their tax advisors 
regarding the U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. tax consequences of owning and disposing of the Notes in 
light of their own particular circumstances. 
For the purposes hereof, the term “Non-U.S. Holder” means a beneficial owner of the Notes that is a non-
resident alien individual, a foreign corporation or a foreign estate or trust.

--- Page 218 ---
TAXATION OF NOTES 
218 
If a partnership (including any entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) holds the 
Notes, the tax treatment of a partner generally will depend on the status of the partner and upon the activities 
of the partnership. Prospective purchasers that are partnerships should consult their tax advisors regarding the 
tax consequences to their partners of an investment in the Notes. 
This discussion does not address the U.S. federal tax consequences of the ownership or disposition of the 
Deliverable Obligations or Reference Assets that a holder may receive in respect of the Notes. Prospective 
purchasers should consult their tax advisors regarding the relevant U.S. federal tax consequences of the 
ownership and disposition of the Deliverable Obligations or Reference Assets. 
With respect to an issue of Notes in an “offshore transaction” (as such term is defined under Regulation S under 
the Securities Act), such Notes are not intended for purchase by persons other than Non-U.S. Holders, and the 
terms of such an issue of Notes expressly prohibit sales to or purchases by United States persons. The U.S. 
federal tax consequences to a United States person of the ownership and disposition of such a Note are unclear 
in many circumstances and may be adverse. In addition, this discussion does not address potential U.S. federal 
tax consequences of the ownership and disposition of a Note to a United States person that owns an interest in 
a Non-U.S. Holder that is, for example, a passive foreign investment company or a controlled foreign 
corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
This discussion may be supplemented, modified or superseded by further discussion regarding U.S. federal tax 
considerations set out in the applicable Issue Terms, which a prospective purchaser is urged to read before 
making a decision to invest in the relevant Notes. 
Tax Consequences to Non-U.S. Holders 
(a) 
Non-U.S. Notes 
Certain Notes issued by CGMFL (the “Non-U.S. Issuer”) to Non-U.S. Holders will be designated as “Non-
U.S. Notes” in the applicable Issue Terms. For such Notes, subject to certain discussions under “Effectively 
Connected Income”, “Section 871(m) Withholding on Dividend Equivalents” and “FATCA”, the Issuer currently 
intends to treat payments made with respect to the Notes as not subject to U.S. federal withholding tax. 
(b) 
In General 
This section describes certain generally applicable U.S. federal income tax consequences to Non-U.S. Holders 
in respect of the Notes and assumes that the Issuer’s intended treatment of the Notes as debt instruments or 
prepaid forward contracts with associated payments for U.S. federal income tax purposes is respected. The 
Issuer’s intended treatment of the Notes is not binding on the IRS, and the IRS could disagree with it, in which 
case the tax consequences to a Non-U.S. Holder in respect of the Notes could be materially adversely affected. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes should consult their tax advisors about the risk that the IRS challenges the 
Issuer’s treatment of the Notes. 
Prospective purchasers should also note that an Issuer will not be required to pay any additional amounts with 
respect to U.S. federal income taxes, if any, withheld, whether by the Issuer or by another withholding agent, 
with respect to Notes that the Issuer indicates in the applicable Issue Terms it will not treat as debt for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes. 
Certain exceptions to these general rules are discussed below under “Possible Taxable Event”, “Effectively 
Connected Income”, “Section 871(m) Withholding on Dividend Equivalents” and “FATCA” and therefore this 
discussion is subject to, and should be read in conjunction with, the discussions contained in those sections.

--- Page 219 ---
TAXATION OF NOTES 
219 
i. 
Notes Treated as Debt 
This section describes certain generally applicable U.S. federal income tax consequences to Non-U.S. Holders 
in respect of the Notes the Issuer intends to treat as debt instruments for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
Subject to the discussions below, interest payments on a Note issued by CGMHI (the “U.S. Issuer”) should not 
be subject to U.S. federal withholding tax, provided that (1) the Non-U.S. Holder does not actually or 
constructively own 10 per cent. or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Issuer 
entitled to vote, (2) the Non-U.S. Holder is not (i) a controlled foreign corporation for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes that is related to the Issuer through stock ownership or (ii) a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan 
agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or business, (3) such interest is not contingent on the 
Issuer’s profits, revenues or changes in the value of its property and is not otherwise excluded from the 
definition of “portfolio interest” by Section 871(h)(4) of the Code, and (4) the Non-U.S. Holder provides a 
statement signed under penalties of perjury that certifies that it is a non-United States person in compliance 
with applicable requirements (generally an appropriate IRS Form W-8) or satisfies certain documentary 
evidence requirements for establishing that it is a non-United States person. Interest payments on a Note issued 
by the Non-U.S. Issuer generally will not be subject to U.S. federal withholding tax. Gain realised by a Non-
U.S. Holder on the taxable disposition of a Note (which excludes amounts attributable to accrued interest) 
generally will not be subject to U.S. federal withholding or income tax. 
ii. 
Notes Treated as Prepaid Forward Contracts with Associated Payments 
This section describes certain generally applicable U.S. federal income tax consequences to Non-U.S. Holders 
in respect of the Notes the Issuer intends to treat as prepaid forward contracts with associated payments. With 
respect to Notes issued by the U.S. Issuer, to the extent the Issuer has withholding responsibility in respect of 
the Notes, it intends to treat periodic payments paid to Non-U.S. Holder as subject to withholding at a rate of 
30 per cent., unless the Non-U.S. Holder provides a properly executed and appropriate IRS Form W-8 claiming 
eligibility for a reduction of or an exemption from withholding under an applicable income tax treaty. A Non-
U.S. Holder generally should not be subject to U.S. federal withholding or income tax with respect to the taxable 
disposition of a Note (although any amount received in respect of a periodic payment may be treated as subject 
to withholding). Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, this discussion also applies to a Note 
that provides for non-periodic payment(s) prior to maturity or early retirement. Subject to the discussions below 
under “Section 871(m) Withholding on Dividend Equivalents” and “Information Reporting and Backup 
Withholding”, payments on a Note issued by the Non-U.S. Issuer generally will not be subject to U.S. federal 
withholding tax. 
(c) 
Possible Taxable Event 
Certain modifications to the terms of the Notes, including a designation by the Issuer of a Substitute for itself 
and the designation of a substitute or successor rate or substitute Reference Obligation or successor Reference 
Entity, could be treated as “significant modifications” of the Notes, in which case the Notes will be treated, in 
whole or part, as retired and reissued for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In the event of a significant 
modification, the treatment of the Notes for Non-U.S. Holders, including withholding tax consequences, after 
such a deemed retirement and reissuance could differ from their prior treatment. Except where specifically 
stated, the discussion herein assumes that no such deemed retirement and reissuance has occurred. Prospective 
purchasers of the Notes should consult their tax advisors regarding the potential consequences of a deemed 
retirement and reissuance of the Notes. 
(d) 
Possible Alternative Tax Treatment 
Alternative U.S. federal income tax treatments of the Notes are possible that, if applied, could materially and 
adversely affect the timing and/or character of income with respect to the Notes. For instance, a Note that the

--- Page 220 ---
TAXATION OF NOTES 
220 
Issuer treats as debt could be treated as one or more instruments other than debt, in which case the payments 
paid on the Note to Non-U.S. Holders may be subject to U.S. federal withholding tax. 
In addition, the U.S. Treasury Department (the “Treasury”) and the IRS have requested comments on various 
issues regarding the U.S. federal income tax treatment of "prepaid forward contracts" and similar financial 
instruments and have indicated that such transactions may be the subject of future regulations or other guidance. 
In addition, members of Congress have proposed legislative changes to the tax treatment of derivative contracts. 
Any legislation, Treasury regulations or other guidance promulgated after consideration of these issues could 
materially and adversely affect the tax consequences of an investment in the Notes, possibly with retroactive 
effect. Prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisors concerning the U.S. federal income tax 
consequences of an investment in the Notes, including possible alternative treatments and potential changes in 
applicable law. 
The Issuer’s intended treatment of the Notes is not binding on the IRS, and the IRS could disagree with 
it. If a Note that the Issuer intends to treat as debt were treated as one or more instruments other than 
debt, interest payments on the Note could be subject to withholding at a rate of 30 per cent., subject to 
reduction under an applicable income tax treaty. Moreover, it is possible that other withholding agents 
may withhold on interest payments on the Notes that the Issuer intends to treat as debt, and in the future, 
the Issuer may determine that it is required to so withhold. 
(e) 
Section 871(m) Withholding on Dividend Equivalents 
Section 871(m) of the Code and the Treasury regulations thereunder (“Section 871(m)”) impose a 30 per cent. 
(or lower treaty rate) withholding tax on “dividend equivalents” paid or deemed paid to Non-U.S. Holders with 
respect to certain financial instruments linked to U.S. equities (“Underlying Securities”), as defined under the 
applicable Treasury regulations, or indices that include Underlying Securities. Section 871(m) generally applies 
to “specified equity-linked instruments” (“Specified ELIs”), which are financial instruments that substantially 
replicate the economic performance of one or more Underlying Securities, as determined based on tests set 
forth in the applicable Treasury regulations and discussed further below. Section 871(m) provides certain 
exceptions to this withholding regime, in particular for instruments linked to certain broad-based indices that 
meet requirements set forth in the applicable Treasury regulations (“Qualified Indices”) as well as securities 
that track such indices (“Qualified Index Securities”).  
Although the Section 871(m) regime became effective in 2017, the applicable Treasury regulations, as modified 
by an IRS notice, phase in the application of Section 871(m) as follows: 
(i) 
For financial instruments issued prior to 2025, Section 871(m) will generally apply only to 
financial instruments that have a “delta” of one. 
(ii) 
For financial instruments issued in 2025 and thereafter, Section 871(m) will apply if either (A) 
the “delta” of the relevant financial instrument is at least 0.80, if it is a “simple” contract, or (B) 
the financial instrument meets a “substantial equivalence” test, if it is a “complex” contract. 
Delta is generally defined as the ratio of the change in the fair market value of a financial instrument to a small 
change in the fair market value of the number of shares of the Underlying Security. The “substantial 
equivalence” test measures whether a complex contract tracks its “initial hedge” (shares of the Underlying 
Security that would fully hedge the contract) more closely than would a “benchmark” simple contract with a 
delta of 0.80. 
The calculations are generally made at the calculation date, which is the earlier of (i) the time of pricing of the 
Note, i.e., when all material terms have been agreed on, and (ii) the issuance of the Note. However, if the time 
of pricing is more than 14 calendar days before the issuance of the Note, the calculation date is the date of the 
issuance of the Note. Under these rules, information regarding the Issuer’s final determinations for the purposes

--- Page 221 ---
TAXATION OF NOTES 
221 
of Section 871(m) may be available only after a Non-U.S. Holder agrees to acquire a Note. As a result, a Non-
U.S. Holder should acquire such a Note only if it is willing to accept the risk that the Note is treated as a 
Specified ELI subject to withholding under Section 871(m). 
If the terms of a Note are subject to a significant modification, as described above in “Possible Taxable Event,” 
the Note generally will be treated as reissued for this purpose at the time of the significant modification, in 
which case the Note could become a Specified ELI at that time. 
If a Note is a Specified ELI, withholding in respect of dividend equivalents will, depending on the applicable 
withholding agent’s circumstances, generally be required either (i) on the underlying dividend payment date or 
(ii) when cash payments are made on the Note or upon the date of maturity, lapse or other disposition of the 
Note by the Non-U.S. Holder, or possibly upon certain other events. Depending on the circumstances, the 
applicable withholding agent may withhold the required amounts from coupons or other payments on the Note, 
from proceeds of the retirement or other disposition of the Note, or from other cash or property of the Non-U.S. 
Holder held by the withholding agent.  
The dividend equivalent amount will include the amount of any actual or, under certain circumstances, 
estimated dividend. If the dividend equivalent amount is based on the actual dividend, it will be equal to the 
product of: (i) in the case of a “simple” contract, the per-share dividend amount, the number of shares of an 
Underlying Security and the delta; or (ii) in the case of a “complex” contract, the per-share dividend amount 
and the initial hedge. The dividend equivalent amount for Specified ELIs issued prior to 2025 that have a “delta” 
of one will be calculated in the same manner as (i) above, using a “delta” of one. The per-share dividend amount 
will be the actual dividend (including any special dividends) paid with respect to a share of the Underlying 
Security. If the dividend equivalent amount is based on an estimated dividend, the Issue Terms will generally 
state the estimated amounts. 
Depending on the terms of a Note and whether or not it is issued prior to 2025, the Issue Terms may contain 
additional information relevant to Section 871(m), such as whether the Note references a Qualified Index or 
Qualified Index Security; whether it is a “simple” contract; the “delta” and the number of shares multiplied by 
delta (for a simple contract); and whether the “substantial equivalence test” is met and the initial hedge (for a 
complex contract). 
The Issuer’s determination is binding on Non-U.S. Holders and withholding agents, but it is not binding on the 
IRS. The Section 871(m) regulations require complex calculations to be made with respect to Notes linked to 
Underlying Securities and their application to a specific issue of Notes may be uncertain. Accordingly, even if 
the Issuer determines that certain Notes are not Specified ELIs, the IRS could challenge the Issuer’s 
determination and assert that withholding is required in respect of those Notes. 
Moreover, the consequences under Section 871(m) may depend on the particular circumstances of the Non-
U.S. Holder. For example, if a Non-U.S. Holder enters into other transactions relating to an Underlying Security, 
the Non-U.S. Holder could be subject to withholding tax or income tax liability under Section 871(m) even if 
the relevant Notes are not Specified ELIs subject to Section 871(m) as a general matter. Non-U.S. Holders 
should consult their tax advisors regarding the application of Section 871(m) in their particular circumstances 
and, if withholding applies, whether they are eligible for a refund of any part of the withholding tax discussed 
above on the basis of an applicable U.S. income tax treaty, as well as the process for obtaining such a refund 
(which will generally require the filing of a U.S. federal income tax return). In some circumstances, it may not 
be possible for a Non-U.S. Holder to obtain the documentation necessary to support a refund claim under an 
applicable treaty.

--- Page 222 ---
TAXATION OF NOTES 
222 
The Issuer will not be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of amounts withheld under 
Section 871(m). 
(f) 
Effectively Connected Income 
If a Non-U.S. Holder is engaged in a U.S. trade or business, and if income (including gain) from a Note is 
effectively connected with the conduct of that trade or business, the Non-U.S. Holder generally will be subject 
to regular U.S. federal income tax with respect to that income in the same manner as if the Non-U.S. Holder 
were a U.S. Holder, unless an applicable income tax treaty provides otherwise. If such a Non-U.S. Holder is a 
corporation, the Non-U.S. Holder should also consider the potential application of a 30 per cent. (or lower treaty 
rate) branch profits tax. A Non-U.S. Holder would be required to provide an IRS Form W-8ECI to the applicable 
withholding agent to establish an exemption from withholding for amounts, otherwise subject to withholding, 
paid on a Note. 
(g) 
U.S. Federal Estate Tax 
An individual Non-U.S. Holder or an entity the property of which is potentially includible in such an 
individual’s gross estate for U.S. federal estate tax purposes (for example, a trust funded by such an individual 
and with respect to which the individual has retained certain interests or powers) should note that, absent an 
applicable treaty exemption, a Note issued by the U.S. Issuer that is not treated as debt for U.S. federal estate 
tax purposes may be treated as U.S. situs property subject to U.S. federal estate tax. A Note issued by the U.S. 
Issuer that is treated as debt for U.S. federal estate tax purposes generally will not be treated as U.S. situs 
property subject to U.S. federal estate tax if payments on the Note, if received by the decedent at the time of 
death, would not have been subject to U.S. federal withholding or income tax because of the exemption from 
withholding of "portfolio interest". A holder that is such an individual or entity should consult its tax advisor 
regarding the U.S. federal estate tax consequences of investing in the Notes. A Note that is issued by the Non-
U.S. Issuer generally will not be treated as U.S. situs property. 
Reportable Transactions 
A taxpayer that participates in a “reportable transaction” is subject to information reporting requirements under 
Section 6011 of the Code. “Reportable transactions” include, among other things, “loss transactions” that result 
in a taxpayer’s claiming certain losses in excess of specified amounts and certain transactions identified by the 
IRS. In 2015, the U.S. Treasury Department and the IRS released notices designating certain “basket options”, 
“basket contracts” and substantially similar transactions as reportable transactions. An exception to these 
reporting requirements applies to financial instruments that are treated as “variable rate debt instruments” or 
“contingent payment debt instruments” for U.S. federal income tax purposes.  The notices apply to specified 
transactions in which a taxpayer or its “designee” has, and exercises, discretion to change the assets or an 
algorithm underlying the transaction. If the Issuer, an index sponsor or calculation agent or other person were 
to exercise discretion under the terms of a Note or an index underlying a Note and were treated as a holder’s 
“designee” for these purposes, unless an exception applied (such as the exception for certain categories of debt 
instruments), certain holders of the relevant Notes would be required to report certain information to the IRS, 
as set forth in the applicable Treasury regulations, or be subject to penalties. The Issuer might also be required 
to report information regarding the transaction to the IRS. Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding 
these rules. 
Information Reporting and Backup Withholding 
Payments on the Notes, as well as the proceeds of a sale, exchange or other disposition (including retirement) 
of the Notes, may be subject to information reporting and, if an investor fails to provide certain identifying

--- Page 223 ---
TAXATION OF NOTES 
223 
information (such as an accurate taxpayer identification number for a U.S. Holder) or meet certain other 
conditions, may also be subject to backup withholding at the rate specified in the Code. A Non-U.S. Holder that 
provides the applicable withholding agent with the appropriate IRS Form W-8 will generally establish an 
exemption from backup withholding. Amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules are not additional 
taxes and may be refunded or credited against the Non-U.S. Holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability, provided 
the relevant information is timely furnished to the IRS. 
FATCA 
Legislation commonly referred to as “FATCA” generally imposes a withholding tax of 30 per cent. on payments 
to certain non-U.S. entities (including financial intermediaries) with respect to certain financial instruments, 
unless various U.S. information reporting and due diligence requirements (that are in addition to, and potentially 
significantly more onerous than, the requirement to deliver an IRS Form W-8) have been satisfied. An 
intergovernmental agreement between the United States and the non-U.S. entity’s jurisdiction may modify these 
requirements. This legislation generally applies to payments of U.S.-source “fixed and determinable periodic” 
income, which includes, among other things, interest and certain dividend equivalents (as defined above) under 
Section 871(m). While existing Treasury regulations would also require withholding on payments of gross 
proceeds from the disposition (including upon retirement) of securities that provide for U.S.-source interest or 
certain dividend equivalents, the U.S. Treasury Department has indicated in subsequent proposed regulations 
its intent to eliminate this requirement. The U.S. Treasury Department has stated that taxpayers may rely on 
these proposed regulations pending their finalisation. If withholding under FATCA applies to the Notes, an 
Issuer will not be required to pay any additional amounts with respect to amounts withheld. A Non-U.S. Holder, 
or a U.S. person holding Notes through a non-U.S. intermediary, should consult their tax advisors regarding 
FATCA to the Notes, including the availability of certain refunds or credits. 
THE TAX CONSEQUENCES TO HOLDERS OF OWNING AND DISPOSING OF NOTES MAY BE 
UNCLEAR. HOLDERS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISORS REGARDING THE TAX 
CONSEQUENCES OF OWNING AND DISPOSING OF NOTES, INCLUDING THE TAX 
CONSEQUENCES UNDER STATE, LOCAL, NON-U.S. AND OTHER TAX LAWS AND THE 
POSSIBLE EFFECTS OF CHANGES IN U.S. FEDERAL OR OTHER TAX LAWS. 
IRISH TAXATION 
The following is a summary of the principal Irish withholding tax consequences of ownership of the Notes and 
some other miscellaneous tax matters based on the laws and practice of the Revenue Commissioners of Ireland 
(the “Revenue Commissioners”) currently in force in Ireland as at the date of this Base Prospectus and may 
be subject to change. The statements in this summary are based on the understanding that Notes will be treated 
as debt for Irish tax purposes. This summary applies to Noteholders who beneficially own Notes as an 
investment. Particular rules not discussed below may apply to certain classes of taxpayers holding Notes 
including dealers in Notes and trusts. This summary does not constitute tax or legal advice and the comments 
below are of a general nature only and it does not discuss all aspects of Irish taxation that may be relevant to 
any particular holder of Notes. Prospective investors in any Notes should consult their professional advisers 
on the tax implications of the purchase, holding, redemption or sale of Notes and the receipt of payments thereon 
under any laws applicable to them.

--- Page 224 ---
TAXATION OF NOTES 
224 
Taxation of Noteholders 
(a) 
Withholding Tax  
Tax at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent.) is required to be withheld from payments 
of Irish source interest. The Issuer will not be obliged to withhold Irish income tax from payments of 
interest on any Notes so long as such payments do not constitute Irish source income. Interest paid on 
Notes should not be treated as having an Irish source unless: 
(i) 
the relevant Issuer is resident in Ireland for tax purposes; or 
(ii) 
the relevant Issuer has a branch or permanent establishment in Ireland, the assets or income of 
which is used to fund the payments on such Notes; or 
(iii) 
the relevant Issuer is not resident in Ireland for tax purposes but the register for such Notes is 
maintained in Ireland. 
It is anticipated that (i) none of Citigroup Inc., CGML, CGMHI and CGMFL are, or will be, resident in 
Ireland for tax purposes; (ii) none of Citigroup Inc., CGMHI, CGML and CGMFL will have a branch or 
permanent establishment in Ireland; and (iii) none of Citigroup Inc., CGML, CGMHI and CGMFL will 
maintain a register of any Registered Notes in Ireland. 
(b) 
Encashment Tax 
Irish tax will be required to be withheld at a rate of 25% on any interest, dividends or annual payments 
payable out of or in respect of the stocks, funds, shares or securities of a company not resident in Ireland, 
where such interest, dividends or annual payments are collected or realised by a bank or encashment 
agent in Ireland. 
There is an exemption from encashment tax where (i) the beneficial owner of the interest is not resident 
in Ireland and has made a declaration to this effect in the prescribed form to the encashment agent or 
bank or (ii) the beneficial owner of the interest is a company which is within the charge to Irish 
corporation tax in respect of the interest. 
(c) 
Stamp Duty on Transfer of Notes 
As the Issuers will not be registered in Ireland, stamp duty will not arise on a document effecting a 
transfer of the Notes so long as (x) the Notes do not derive their value or the greater part of their value 
directly or indirectly from any non-residential immovable property situated in Ireland and (y) the 
instrument of transfer of the Notes does not relate to: 
(i) 
any immovable property situated in Ireland or any right over or interest in such property; or  
(ii) 
any stocks or marketable securities of a company which is registered in Ireland (other than an 
“investment undertaking” or a “qualifying company” within the meanings of Sections 739B and 
110 respectively of the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997). 
LUXEMBOURG TAXATION  
The following information is of a general nature only and is based on the laws presently in force in Luxembourg, 
though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. The information contained 
within this section is limited to Luxembourg withholding tax issues and prospective investors in the Notes should 
therefore consult their own professional advisers as to the effects of state, local or foreign laws, including 
Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject.

--- Page 225 ---
TAXATION OF NOTES 
225 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for Luxembourg 
income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a withholding tax or a tax of a 
similar nature, or to any other concepts, refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. 
Taxation of the holders of Notes 
Withholding Tax 
(a) 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments of 
principal, premium or interest made to non-resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid interest 
in respect of the Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase 
of the Notes held by non-resident holders of Notes. 
(b) 
Resident holders of Notes 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 2005, as 
amended (the “Relibi Law”), there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, premium or interest 
made to Luxembourg resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of Notes, 
nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of Notes held by 
Luxembourg resident holders of Notes. 
Under the Relibi Law, payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent 
established in Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of Luxembourg will be 
subject to a withholding tax of 20 per cent. Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of income tax 
if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth. 
Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent, if any. 
Accordingly, payments of interest under Notes coming within the scope of the Relibi Law will be subject 
to withholding tax at a rate of 20 per cent. 
UK TAXATION  
The following applies and is a summary of the Issuers’ understanding of current United Kingdom (“UK”) law 
and published HM Revenue & Customs (“HMRC”) practice relating only to the UK withholding tax treatment 
of payments of interest (as that term is understood for UK tax purposes) in respect of Notes. It does not deal 
with any other UK taxation implications of acquiring, holding or disposing of Notes. The UK tax treatment of 
prospective Noteholders depends on their individual circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. 
Prospective Noteholders who may be subject to tax in a jurisdiction other than the UK or who may be unsure 
as to their tax position should seek their own professional advice.  
Interest on Notes 
Payments of interest on the Notes that do not have a UK source may be made without deduction or withholding 
on account of UK income tax. If interest paid on the Notes does have a UK source, then payments may be made 
without deduction or withholding on account of UK income tax in any of the following circumstances. 
In the case of interest on Notes which is regarded as having a UK source, such payments of interest may be 
made by the Issuer without deduction of or withholding on account of UK income tax in the following 
circumstances: 
(a) 
where the Notes carry a right to interest and are and continue to be listed and admitted to trading on a 
“recognised stock exchange”, within the meaning of Section 1005 of the Income Tax Act 2007. Euronext 
Dublin and the Luxembourg Stock Exchange have been recognised as “recognised stock exchanges”.

--- Page 226 ---
TAXATION OF NOTES 
226 
The Notes will satisfy this requirement if they are officially listed in Ireland or Luxembourg in 
accordance with provisions corresponding to those generally applicable in EEA states and are admitted 
to trading on Euronext Dublin or the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. HMRC published guidance is that 
Notes listed and admitted to trading on the following markets satisfy these requirements: the Regulated 
Market and The Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin (but not Euronext Growth) and the main 
market and the Euro MTF of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Provided, therefore, that the Notes carry 
a right to interest and are and remain so listed on a “recognised stock exchange”, interest on the Notes 
will be payable without deduction of or withholding on account of UK tax;  
(b) 
where the Notes are and continue to be admitted to trading on a multilateral trading facility operated by 
a UK, Gibraltar or EEA regulated recognised stock exchange within the meaning of Sections 987 and 
1005 Income Tax Act 2007. Some of the markets that do not satisfy the requirement at (a) above, may 
instead satisfy this requirement (b). However HMRC guidance has not yet been updated and further 
advice may be required prior to relying on this exemption; or 
(c) 
where the maturity of the Notes is less than 365 days (and the Notes do not form part of a scheme or 
arrangement of borrowing intended to be capable of remaining outstanding for more than 364 days). 
In other cases where interest on the Notes is regarded as having a UK source, an amount must generally be 
withheld from payments of interest on the Notes on account of UK income tax at the basic rate (currently 20 
per cent.), subject to any other available exemptions or reliefs. However, where an applicable double tax treaty 
provides for a lower rate of withholding tax (or for no tax to be withheld) in relation to a Noteholder, HMRC 
can issue a notice to the Issuer to pay interest to the Noteholder without deduction of tax (or for interest to be 
paid with tax deducted at the rate provided for in the relevant double tax treaty). 
The above applies to payments on the Notes which constitute “interest” for relevant UK tax purposes, which 
may not have the same meaning given to the term “interest” for any other purpose including under the terms 
and conditions of the Notes. If any payments under the Notes constitute annual payments which have a UK 
source then the exemptions referred to above may not apply, and so an amount may be required to be withheld 
from such payments, if they have a UK source, on account of UK income tax at the basic rate. However, where 
an applicable double tax treaty provides for a lower rate of withholding tax (or for no tax to be withheld) in 
relation to a Noteholder, HMRC can issue a notice to the Issuer to pay annual payments to the Noteholder 
without deduction of tax (or for annual payments to be paid with tax deducted at the rate provided for in the 
relevant double tax treaty). 
Payments in respect of the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee 
The UK withholding tax treatment of payments by the CGMFL Guarantor under the terms of the 
CGMFL Deed of Guarantee in respect of interest on the Notes (or other amounts due under the Notes 
other than the repayment of amounts subscribed for the Notes) is uncertain. In particular, such payments 
by the CGMFL Guarantor may not be eligible for the exemption in respect of Notes listed on a recognised 
stock exchange within the meaning of Section 1005 Income Tax Act 2007 or admitted to trading on a 
multilateral trading facility within the meaning of Sections 987 and 1005 Income Tax Act 2007 in relation 
to payments of interest by the Issuer as described above. Accordingly, if the CGMFL Guarantor makes 
any such payments, these may be subject to UK withholding tax at the basic rate (currently 20 per cent.). 
AUSTRIAN TAXATION  
This section on taxation contains a brief summary of the Issuers’ understanding with regard to certain important 
principles which are of significance in connection with the purchase, holding or sale of the Notes in Austria. 
This summary does not purport to exhaustively describe all possible tax aspects and does not deal with specific

--- Page 227 ---
TAXATION OF NOTES 
227 
situations which may be of relevance for certain potential investors. The following comments are rather of a 
general nature and included in this Base Prospectus solely for information purposes. They are not intended to 
be, nor should they be construed to be, legal or tax advice. This summary is based on the currently applicable 
tax legislation, case law and regulations of the tax authorities, as well as their respective interpretation, all of 
which may be amended from time to time. Such amendments may possibly also be effected with retroactive 
effect and may negatively impact on the tax consequences described. It is recommended that potential investors 
in the Notes consult with their legal and tax advisors as to the tax consequences of the purchase, holding or sale 
of the Notes. Tax risks resulting from the Notes (in particular from a potential qualification as a foreign 
investment fund within the meaning of sec. 188 of the Austrian Investment Funds Act 2011 
(Investmentfondsgesetz 2011)) shall in any case be borne by the investor. For the purposes of the following it is 
assumed that the Notes are legally and factually offered to an indefinite number of persons in the sense of 
sec.  27a(2)(2) of the Austrian Income Tax Act (Einkommensteuergesetz). 
General remarks 
Individuals having a domicile (Wohnsitz) and/or their habitual abode (gewöhnlicher Aufenthalt), both as defined 
in sec. 26 of the Austrian Federal Fiscal Procedures Act (Bundesabgabenordnung), in Austria are liable to 
income tax (Einkommensteuer) in Austria on their worldwide income (unlimited income tax liability; 
unbeschränkte Einkommensteuerpflicht). Individuals having neither a domicile nor their habitual abode in 
Austria are liable to income tax only on income from certain Austrian sources (limited income tax liability; 
beschränkte Einkommensteuerpflicht). 
Corporations having their place of management (Ort der Geschäftsleitung) and/or their legal seat (Sitz), both as 
defined in sec. 27 of the Austrian Federal Fiscal Procedures Act, in Austria are liable to corporate income tax 
(Körperschaftsteuer) in Austria on their worldwide income (unlimited corporate income tax liability; 
unbeschränkte Körperschaftsteuerpflicht). Corporations having neither their place of management nor their 
legal seat in Austria are liable to corporate income tax only on income from certain Austrian sources (limited 
corporate income tax liability; beschränkte Körperschaftsteuerpflicht). 
Both in case of unlimited and limited (corporate) income tax liability Austria’s right to tax may be restricted by 
double taxation treaties. 
Income taxation 
Pursuant to sec. 27(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, the term investment income (Einkünfte aus 
Kapitalvermögen) comprises: 
(a) 
income from the letting of capital (Einkünfte aus der Überlassung von Kapital) pursuant to sec. 27(2) of 
the Austrian Income Tax Act, including dividends and interest the tax basis is the amount of the earnings 
received (sec. 27a(3)(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act); 
(b) 
income from realised increases in value (Einkünfte aus realisierten Wertsteigerungen) pursuant to 
sec 27(3) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, including gains from the alienation, redemption and other 
realisation of assets that lead to income from the letting of capital (including zero coupon bonds); the 
tax basis amounts to the sales proceeds or the redemption amount minus the acquisition costs, in each 
case including accrued interest (sec. 27a(3)(2)(a) of the Austrian Income Tax Act);  
(c) 
income from derivatives (Einkünfte aus Derivaten) pursuant to sec. 27(4) of the Austrian Income Tax 
Act, including cash settlements, option premiums received and income from the sale or other realisation 
of forward contracts like options, futures and swaps and other derivatives such as index certificates (the 
mere exercise of an option does not trigger tax liability); e.g., in the case of index certificates, the tax 
basis amounts to the sales proceeds or the redemption amount minus the acquisition costs (sec. 
27a(3)(3)(c) of the Austrian Income Tax Act); and

--- Page 228 ---
TAXATION OF NOTES 
228 
(d) 
income from crypto currencies (Einkünfte aus Kryptowährungen) pursuant to sec. 27(4a) of the Austrian 
Income Tax Act. 
Also the withdrawal of the Notes from a securities account (Depotentnahme) and circumstances leading to a 
restriction of Austria’s taxation right regarding the Notes vis-à-vis other countries, e.g., a relocation from Austria 
(Wegzug), are in general deemed to constitute a sale (cf. sec. 27(6)(1) and (2) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). 
The tax basis amounts to the fair market value minus the acquisition costs (sec. 27a(3)(2)(b) of the Austrian 
Income Tax Act). 
Individuals subject to unlimited income tax liability in Austria holding the Notes as non-business assets are 
subject to income tax on all resulting investment income pursuant to sec. 27(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act. 
Investment income from the Notes with an Austrian nexus (inländische Einkünfte aus Kapitalvermögen), 
basically meaning income paid by an Austrian paying agent (auszahlende Stelle) or an Austrian custodian agent 
(depotführende Stelle) within the meaning of sec. 95(2) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, is subject to 
withholding tax (Kapitalertragsteuer) at a flat rate of 27.5 per cent.; no additional income tax is levied over and 
above the amount of tax withheld (final taxation pursuant to sec. 97(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). 
Investment income from the Notes without an Austrian nexus must be included in the investor’s income tax 
return and is subject to income tax at the flat rate of 27.5 per cent. In both cases upon application the option 
exists to tax all income subject to income tax at a flat rate pursuant to sec. 27a(1) of the Austrian Income Tax 
Act at the lower progressive income tax rate (option to regular taxation pursuant to sec. 27a(5) of the Austrian 
Income Tax Act). The acquisition costs must not include ancillary acquisition costs (Anschaffungsnebenkosten; 
sec. 27a(4)(2) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). Expenses such as bank charges and custody fees must not be 
deducted (sec. 20(2) of the Austrian Income Tax Act); this also applies if the option to regular taxation is 
exercised. Sec. 27(8) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, among other things, provides for the following restrictions 
on the offsetting of losses: negative income from realised increases in value and from derivatives may be neither 
offset against interest from bank accounts and other non-securitised monetary claims vis-à-vis credit institutions 
(except for cash settlements and lending fees) nor against income from private foundations, foreign private law 
foundations and other comparable legal estates (Privatstiftungen, ausländische Stiftungen oder sonstige 
Vermögensmassen, die mit einer Privatstiftung vergleichbar sind); income subject to income tax at a flat rate 
pursuant to sec. 27a(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act may not be offset against income subject to the 
progressive income tax rate (this equally applies in case of an exercise of the option to regular taxation); 
negative investment income not already offset against positive investment income may not be offset against 
other types of income.  
The Austrian custodian agent has to effect the offsetting of losses by taking into account all of a taxpayer’s 
securities accounts with the custodian agent, in line with sec. 93(6) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, and to issue 
a written confirmation to the taxpayer to this effect. 
Individuals subject to unlimited income tax liability in Austria holding the Notes as business assets are subject 
to income tax on all resulting investment income pursuant to sec. 27(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act. 
Investment income from the Notes with an Austrian nexus is subject to withholding tax at a flat rate of 27.5 per 
cent. While withholding tax has the effect of final taxation for income from the letting of capital, income from 
realised increases in value and income from derivatives must be included in the investor’s income tax return 
(nevertheless income tax at the flat rate of 27.5 per cent.). Investment income from the Notes without an 
Austrian nexus must always be included in the investor’s income tax return and is subject to income tax at the 
flat rate of 27.5 per cent. In both cases upon application the option exists to tax all income subject to income 
tax at a flat rate pursuant to sec. 27a(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act at the lower progressive income tax rate 
(option to regular taxation pursuant to sec. 27a(5) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). The flat tax rate does not 
apply to income from realised increases in value, income from derivatives and income from crypto currencies 
if realising these types of income constitutes a key area of the respective investor’s business activity (sec. 27a(6)

--- Page 229 ---
TAXATION OF NOTES 
229 
of the Austrian Income Tax Act). Expenses such as bank charges and custody fees must not be deducted 
(sec.  20(2) of the Austrian Income Tax Act); this also applies if the option to regular taxation is exercised. 
Pursuant to sec. 6(2)(c) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, depreciations to the lower fair market value and losses 
from the alienation, redemption and other realisation of financial assets, derivatives and crypto currencies in 
the sense of sec. 27(3) to (4a) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, which are subject to income tax at the flat rate 
of 27.5 per cent., are primarily to be offset against income from realised increases in value and appreciations in 
value of such assets within the same business unit (Wirtschaftsgüter desselben Betriebes); only 55 per cent. of 
the remaining negative difference may be offset against other types of income. 
Pursuant to sec. 7(2) of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act (Körperschaftsteuergesetz), corporations subject 
to unlimited corporate income tax liability in Austria are subject to corporate income tax on income in the sense 
of sec. 27(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act from the Notes at a rate of currently 25 per cent. (2023: 24 per 
cent.; from 2024: 23 per cent.). Income in the sense of sec. 27(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act from the Notes 
with an Austrian nexus is generally subject to withholding tax at a flat rate of 27.5 per cent. However, pursuant 
to sec. 93(1a) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, the withholding agent may apply a rate of currently 25 per cent. 
(2023: 24 per cent.; from 2024: 23 per cent.), if the debtor of the withholding tax is a corporation. Such 
withholding tax can be credited against the corporate income tax liability. Under the conditions set forth in sec. 
94(5) of the Austrian Income Tax Act withholding tax is not levied in the first place. Losses from the alienation 
of the Notes can be offset against other income. 
Pursuant to sec. 13(3)(1) in connection with sec. 22(2) of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act, private 
foundations (Privatstiftungen) pursuant to the Austrian Private Foundations Act (Privatstiftungsgesetz) 
fulfilling the prerequisites contained in sec. 13(3) and (6) of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act and holding 
the Notes as non-business assets are subject to interim taxation at a rate of currently 25 per cent. (2023: 24 per 
cent.; from 2024: 23 per cent.) on interest income, income from realised increases in value and income from 
derivatives (among other things, if the latter are in the form of securities). Pursuant to the Austrian tax 
authorities’ view, the acquisition costs must not include ancillary acquisition costs. Expenses such as bank 
charges and custody fees must not be deducted (sec. 12(2) of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act). Interim 
tax is generally not triggered insofar as distributions subject to withholding tax are made to beneficiaries in the 
same tax period. Investment income from the Notes with an Austrian nexus is generally subject to withholding 
tax at a flat rate of 27.5 per cent. However, pursuant to sec. 93(1a) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, the 
withholding agent may apply a rate of currently 25 per cent. (2023: 24 per cent.; from 2024: 23 per cent.), if the 
debtor of the withholding tax is a corporation. Such withholding tax can be credited against the tax triggered. 
Under the conditions set forth in sec. 94(12) of the Austrian Income Tax Act withholding tax is not levied. 
Individuals and corporations subject to limited (corporate) income tax liability in Austria are taxable on income 
from the Notes if they have a permanent establishment (Betriebsstätte) in Austria and the Notes are attributable 
to such permanent establishment (cf. sec. 98(1)(3) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, sec. 21(1)(1) of the Austrian 
Corporate Income Tax Act). In addition, individuals subject to limited income tax liability in Austria are also 
taxable on interest in the sense of sec. 27(2)(2) of the Austrian Income Tax Act and accrued interest (including 
from zero coupon bonds) in the sense of sec. 27(6)(5) of the Austrian Income Tax Act from the Notes if the 
(accrued) interest has an Austrian nexus and if withholding tax is levied on such (accrued) interest. This does 
not apply to an individual being resident in a state with which automatic exchange of information exists, if the 
individual provides a certificate of residence to the withholding agent. Interest with an Austrian nexus is interest 
the debtor of which has its place of management and/or its legal seat in Austria or is an Austrian branch of a 
non-Austrian credit institution; accrued interest with an Austrian nexus is accrued interest from securities issued 
by an Austrian issuer (sec. 98(1)(5)(b) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). The Issuers understand that no taxation 
applies in this respect in the case at hand.

--- Page 230 ---
TAXATION OF NOTES 
230 
Pursuant to sec. 188 of the Austrian Investment Funds Act 2011, the term “foreign investment fund” comprises 
(i) undertakings for collective investment in transferable securities whose EU Member State of origin is not 
Austria; (ii) alternative investment funds pursuant to the Austrian Act on Alternative Investment Fund Managers 
(Alternative Investmentfonds Manager-Gesetz) whose state of origin is not Austria; and (iii) secondarily, 
undertakings subject to a foreign jurisdiction, irrespective of the legal form they are organised in, whose assets 
are invested according to the principle of risk-spreading on the basis either of a statute, of the undertaking’s 
articles or of customary exercise, if one of the following conditions is fulfilled: (a) the undertaking is factually, 
directly or indirectly, not subject to a corporate income tax in its state of residence that is comparable to Austrian 
corporate income tax; (b) the profits of the undertaking are in its state of residence subject to corporate income 
tax that is comparable to Austrian corporate income tax, at a rate of less than currently 15 per cent. (2023: 14 
per cent.; from 2024: 13 per cent.); or (c) the undertaking is subject to a comprehensive personal or material tax 
exemption in its state of residence. Certain collective investment vehicles investing in real estate are exempted. 
In case of a qualification as a foreign investment fund, the tax consequences would substantially differ from 
those described above. A special type of transparency principle would be applied, pursuant to which generally 
both distributed income as well as deemed income would be subject to Austrian (corporate) income tax. 
Inheritance and gift taxation 
Austria does not levy inheritance or gift tax. 
Certain gratuitous transfers of assets to private law foundations and comparable legal estates (privatrechtliche 
Stiftungen und damit vergleichbare Vermögensmassen) are subject to foundation transfer tax 
(Stiftungseingangssteuer) pursuant to the Austrian Foundation Transfer Tax Act (Stiftungseingangssteuergesetz) 
if the transferor and/or the transferee at the time of transfer have a domicile, their habitual abode, their legal 
seat and/or their place of management in Austria. Certain exemptions apply in cases of transfers mortis causa 
of financial assets within the meaning of sec. 27(3) and (4) of the Austrian Income Tax Act (except for 
participations in corporations) if income from such financial assets is subject to income tax at a flat rate pursuant 
to sec. 27a(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act. The tax basis is the fair market value of the assets transferred 
minus any debts, calculated at the time of transfer. The tax rate generally is 2.5 per cent., with higher rates 
applying in special cases.  
In addition, there is a special notification obligation for gifts of money, receivables, shares in corporations, 
participations in partnerships, businesses, movable tangible assets and intangibles if the donor and/or the donee 
have a domicile, their habitual abode, their legal seat and/or their place of management in Austria. Not all gifts 
are covered by the notification obligation: In case of gifts to certain related parties, a threshold of EUR 50,000 
per year applies; in all other cases, a notification is obligatory if the value of gifts made exceeds an amount of 
EUR 15,000 during a period of five years. Furthermore, gratuitous transfers to foundations falling under the 
Austrian Foundation Transfer Tax Act described above are also exempt from the notification obligation. 
Intentional violation of the notification obligation may trigger fines of up to 10 per cent. of the fair market value 
of the assets transferred. 
Further, gratuitous transfers of the Notes may trigger income tax at the level of the transferor pursuant to 
sec.  27(6)(1) and (2) of the Austrian Income Tax Act (see above). 
POLISH TAXATION 
General Information 
The following is a discussion of certain Polish tax considerations relevant to an investor resident in Poland or 
which is otherwise subject to Polish taxation. This statement should not be deemed to be tax advice. It is based 
on Polish tax laws and, as its interpretation refers to the position as at the date of this Base Prospectus, it may 
thus be subject to change, including a change with retroactive effect. Any change may negatively affect the tax

--- Page 231 ---
TAXATION OF NOTES 
231 
treatment, as described below. This description does not purport to be complete with respect to all tax 
information that may be relevant to investors due to their individual circumstances. Prospective purchasers of 
Notes are advised to consult their professional tax advisor regarding the tax consequences of the purchase, 
ownership, disposal, redemption or transfer without consideration of Notes. 
The reference to “interest” as well as to any other terms in the paragraphs below means “interest” or any other 
term, respectively, as understood in Polish tax law. 
For the purpose of this Section: 
“Affiliated Entities” means: 
(a) 
entities of which one entity Exercises a Significant Influence on at least one other entity; or 
(b) 
entities on which a Significant Influence is Exercised by:  
(i) 
the same other entity; or 
(c) 
the spouse or a relative by consanguinity or affinity up to the second degree of a natural person exercising 
a significant influence on at least one entity; or 
(d) 
a partnership without legal personality and its partners (partner); or 
(e) 
limited partnerships and limited joint-stock partnership with their registered office or management in the 
territory of the Republic of Poland and its general partner; or 
(f) 
specific general partnerships with their registered office or management in the territory of the Republic 
of Poland and its partner; or 
(g) 
a taxable person and their foreign establishment, and in the case of a tax capital group - a company being 
its part and its foreign establishment. 
(each of being a manifestation of an existence of an “Affiliation”). 
“Exercising a Significant Influence” means: 
(a) 
holding directly or indirectly at least 25 per cent. of: 
(i) 
shares in the capital; or 
(ii) 
voting rights in the supervisory, decision-making or managing bodies; or 
(iii) 
shares in or rights to participate in the profits, losses or the property or their expectative, including 
participation units and investment certificates; or 
(b) 
the actual ability of a natural person to influence key economic decisions taken by a legal person or an 
organisational unit without legal personality, or 
(c) 
being the spouse or a relative by consanguinity or by affinity up to the second degree. 
Taxation of a Polish tax resident individual 
Under Art. 3.1 of the Personal Income Tax Act dated 26 July 1991 (the “PIT Act”), natural persons, if residing 
in the Republic of Poland, are liable for tax on their total income (revenue) irrespective of the location of the 
sources of revenue (unlimited obligation to pay tax). 
Under Art. 3.1a of the PIT Act, a Polish tax resident individual is a natural person who (i) has his/her centre of 
personal or business interests located in Poland or (ii) stays in Poland for longer than 183 days in a year, unless 
any relevant tax treaty dictates otherwise.

--- Page 232 ---
TAXATION OF NOTES 
232 
(a) 
Withholding Tax on Interest Income 
According to Article 30a.7 of the PIT Act, interest income, including discount, derived by a Polish tax 
resident individual does not cumulate with general income subject to the progressive tax rate but under 
Art. 30a.1.2 of the PIT Act is subject to 19 per cent. flat rate tax. 
Under Art. 30a.9 of the PIT Act, withholding tax incurred outside Poland (including countries which 
have not concluded a tax treaty with Poland), up to an amount equal to the tax paid abroad, but not higher 
than 19 per cent. tax on the interest amount, could be deducted from the Polish tax liability. Particular 
double tax treaties can provide other methods of withholding tax settlements. 
Under Article 41.4 of the PIT Act, the interest payer, other than an individual not acting within the scope 
of his/her business activity, should withhold the Polish 19 per cent. tax upon any interest payment.  
Under Art. 41.4d of the PIT Act, the entities operating securities accounts for individuals, acting as tax 
remitters, should withhold this interest income if such interest income (revenue) has been earned in 
Poland and is connected with securities registered in said accounts, and the interest payment to the 
individual (the taxpayer) is made through those entities; this principle also applies to remitters who are 
payers of corporate income tax and are subject to limited tax liability in Poland, to the extent they conduct 
their business through a foreign establishment and the securities account is linked to that establishment’s 
operations. 
There are no regulations defining in which cases income earned (revenue) by a Polish tax resident should 
be considered income (revenue) earned in Poland. However, we can expect those cases to be analogous 
to those of non-residents. Pursuant to Art. 3.2b of the PIT Act, income (revenues) earned in the Republic 
of Poland by non-residents shall include in particular income (revenues) from:  
(1) 
work performed in the Republic of Poland based on a service relationship, employment 
relationship, outwork system and co-operative employment relationship irrespective of the place 
where remuneration is paid; 
(2) 
activity performed in person in the Republic of Poland irrespective of the place where 
remuneration is paid; 
(3) 
economic activity pursued in the Republic of Poland, including through a foreign establishment 
located in the Republic of Poland; 
(4) 
immovable property located in the Republic of Poland or rights to such property, including from 
its disposal in whole or in part, or from disposal of any rights to such property; 
(5) 
securities and derivatives other than securities, admitted to public trading in the Republic of 
Poland as part of the regulated stock exchange market, including those obtained from the disposal 
of these securities or derivatives, or the exercise of rights resulting from them; 
(6) 
the transfer of ownership of shares in a company, of all rights and obligations in a partnership 
without legal personality, participation in an investment fund, a collective investment 
undertaking, or other legal entity and rights of similar character or from receivables being a 
consequence of holding those shares, rights and obligations participation or rights, if at least 50 
per cent. of the value of assets of this company, partnership, investment fund, collective 
investment undertaking or legal entity is constituted, directly or indirectly, by immovable 
properties located in the Republic of Poland, or rights to such immovable properties;  
(7) 
the transfer of ownership of shares, all rights and obligations, participation or similar rights in a 
real estate company (as defined in the PIT Act);

--- Page 233 ---
TAXATION OF NOTES 
233 
(8) 
the receivables settled, including receivables put at disposal, paid out or deducted, by natural 
persons, legal persons, or organisational units without legal personality, having their place of 
residence, registered office, or management board in the Republic of Poland, irrespective of the 
place of concluding and performing the agreement; and 
(9) 
unrealised gains as referred to in the exit tax regulations. 
The above list is not exhaustive; therefore, the tax authorities may also consider that income (revenues) 
not listed above is sourced in Poland.  
Given the above, each situation should be analysed to determine whether interest earned by a Polish tax 
resident individual from the Notes is considered to be income sourced in Poland and whether the entity 
operating the securities account for the individual will withhold the tax. Since the Issuer is not a Polish 
entity, as a rule, interest from the Notes should not be considered as earned in the territory of Poland, 
unless specific situation occurs (e.g. the Notes are admitted to public trading in Poland). 
Although this is not clearly regulated in Polish tax law, according to the established practice, foreign 
entities do not act as Polish withholding tax remitters (save when such foreign entities operate by way 
of a branch that constitutes a tax establishment in Poland). Therefore, it should not be expected that the 
Issuer will collect the withholding tax.  
According to Article 45.3b and Art. 45.1 of the PIT Act, if the tax is not withheld, the individual is 
obliged to settle the tax himself/herself by 30 April of the following year. 
Separate, specific rules apply to interest income on securities held in Polish omnibus accounts (within 
the meaning of the provisions of the Act on Trading in Financial Instruments, hereinafter “Omnibus 
Accounts”). Under Art. 41.10 of the PIT Act, insofar as securities registered in Omnibus Accounts are 
concerned, the entities operating Omnibus Accounts through which the amounts due are paid are liable 
to withhold the flat-rate income tax on interest income. The tax is charged on the day of placing the 
amounts due at the disposal of the Omnibus Account holder. This rule also applies to remitters who are 
payers of corporate income tax and are subject to limited tax liability in Poland, to the extent they conduct 
their business through a foreign establishment and the securities account is linked to that establishment’s 
operations. 
Additionally, under Art. 30a.2a of the PIT Act, with respect to income (revenue) from interest transferred 
to taxpayers holding rights attached to securities (including the Notes referred to herein) registered in 
Omnibus Accounts whose identity has not been revealed to the tax remitter in accordance with the Act 
on Trading in Financial Instruments, a 19 per cent. flat-rate tax is withheld by the tax remitter (under 
Art. 41.10 of the PIT Act the entity operating the Omnibus Account) from the aggregate income 
(revenue) released for the benefit of all such taxpayers through the Omnibus Account holder. 
Under Art. 45.3c of the PIT Act, taxpayers are obliged to disclose the amount of interest (discount) on 
securities (including the Notes referred to herein) in the annual tax return if the Notes were registered in 
Omnibus Account and the taxpayer’s identity was not revealed to the tax remitter. 
Under Art. 30a.9 of the PIT Act, withholding tax incurred outside Poland (including countries which 
have not concluded a tax treaty with Poland), up to an amount equal to the tax paid abroad, but not higher 
than 19 per cent. tax on the interest amount, could be deducted from the Polish tax liability. Double tax 
treaties can provide other methods of withholding tax settlements. 
(b) 
Income from Notes other than interest  
Income other than interest, including income from transfer of Notes against a consideration, derived by 
a Polish tax resident individual from financial instruments, such as the Notes, held as non-business

--- Page 234 ---
TAXATION OF NOTES 
234 
assets, qualify as capital income according to Article 17 of the PIT Act. Such income does not cumulate 
with the general income subject to the progressive tax scale but is subject to a 19 per cent. flat rate tax. 
Under Art. 30b.2. of the PIT Act the income from disposal of securities is calculated as the difference 
between the sum of revenues from a transfer of securities against a consideration and tax deductible 
costs, calculated on the basis of the relevant provisions of the PIT Act under Art. 30b.2. of the PIT Act. 
Based on Art. 17.2 and Art. 19.1 of the PIT Act, if the price expressed in the contract without a valid 
reason significantly deviates from the market value, the amount of income is determined by the tax 
authority or fiscal control authority in the amount of the market value.  
The taxpayer itself is obliged to settle the tax on the transfer of securities (including the Notes) against 
a consideration. Taxpayers should prepare their annual tax return by the end of April of the year 
following the tax year in which the income was earned. No tax or tax advances are withheld by the 
person making the payments. 
Furthermore, capital gains are subject to a 4 per cent. solidarity levy calculated on the surplus of various 
incomes above PLN 1 million in total. The levy must be calculated and settled by the individuals 
themselves. 
(c) 
Notes held as business assets 
If an individual holds the Notes as a business asset, in principle, interest should not be subject to 
withholding tax. In such case, interest (discount) and other income from the Notes, such as income from 
a transfer of Notes against a consideration, should be treated as income from business activities and 
should be subject to tax in the same way as other business income. The tax, at 19 per cent. flat rate or 
the 12 per cent. to 32 per cent. progressive tax rate depending on the choice and meeting of certain 
conditions, should be settled by the individuals themselves. 
Furthermore, business income is subject to a 4 per cent. solidarity levy calculated on the surplus of 
various incomes above PLN 1 million in total. The levy must be calculated and settled by the individuals 
themselves. 
Taxation of a Polish tax resident corporate income taxpayer  
Under Art. 3.1 of the Corporate Income Tax Act dated 15 February 1992 (the “CIT Act”) the entire income of 
taxpayers who have their registered office or management in Poland is subject to tax obligation in Poland, 
irrespective of where the income is earned. 
According to Art. 3.1a of the CIT Act, a taxpayer has a place of management in the territory of the Republic of 
Poland, inter alia, when the current affairs of this taxpayer are conducted in an organized and continuous manner 
on the territory of the Republic of Poland, based in particular on: 
(a) 
an agreement, decision, court ruling or other act regulating the establishment or functioning of the 
taxpayer; or 
(b) 
powers of attorney; or 
(c) 
Affliations. 
Income (revenue) from the Notes, both on account of interest/discount and other income, including transfer of 
securities against a consideration, earned by a Polish tax resident corporate income taxpayer whose entire 
income is subject to tax liability in Poland, is subject to income tax following the same general principles as 
those which apply to any other income received from business activity within the same source of income. As a 
rule, for Polish income tax purposes, interest is recognised as revenue on a cash basis, i.e. when it is received 
and not when it has accrued. Income from a transfer of securities against a consideration is in principle their

--- Page 235 ---
TAXATION OF NOTES 
235 
value expressed in the price specified in the contract. According to Art. 14 of the CIT Act, if the price expressed 
in the contract, without a valid reason, significantly deviates from the market value, the revenue amount is 
determined by the tax authority in the amount of the market value. In the case of income from the transfer of 
securities against a consideration, tax deductible costs are generally recognized when the corresponding revenue 
has been achieved. The taxpayer itself (without the remitter’s participation) settles income tax on 
interest/discount and on the transfer of securities against a consideration, which is settled along with other 
income from the taxpayer’s business activity within the same source of income. 
Regarding the proper source of revenue, in principle, the income (revenue) from the Notes, including their 
transfer against a consideration, is combined with revenues from capital gains (Art. 7b.1 of the CIT Act). In the 
case of insurers, banks and some other entities (financial institutions), this revenue is included in revenues other 
than revenues from capital gains (Art. 7b (2) of the CIT Act). 
The appropriate tax rate is the same as the tax rate applicable to business activity, i.e. 19 per cent.. 
Although, in principle, no Polish withholding tax should apply on interest payable to Polish corporate income 
taxpayers, under specific rules applying to interest income on securities held in Omnibus Accounts, under Art. 
26.2a of the CIT Act, for income (revenue) from interest transferred to taxpayers holding rights attached to 
securities registered in Omnibus Accounts whose identity has not been revealed to the tax remitter in accordance 
with the Act on Trading in Financial Instruments, a 20 per cent flat-rate tax is withheld by the tax remitter from 
the aggregate income (revenue) released for the benefit of all such taxpayers through the Omnibus Account 
holder. If such tax is withheld for a Polish tax resident corporate income taxpayer, to receive a refund of such 
tax, the entity should contact its tax advisor. 
Any withholding tax incurred outside Poland (including countries which have not concluded any tax treaty with 
Poland), up to an amount equal to the tax paid abroad, but not higher than the tax calculated in accordance with 
the applicable domestic tax rate, can be deducted from the Polish tax liability. Double tax treaties can provide 
other methods of withholding tax settlements. 
Notes held by a non-Polish tax resident (natural person or corporation) 
Under Art. 3.2a of the PIT Act, natural persons, if they do not reside in Poland, are liable to pay tax only on 
income (revenue) earned in Poland (limited obligation to pay tax).  
Under Art. 3.2 of the CIT Act, in the case of taxpayers who do not have their registered office or management 
in Poland, only the income they earn in Poland is subject to tax obligation in Poland. 
Non-Polish residents are subject to Polish income tax only with respect to their income earned in Poland. Under 
Art. 3.3 of the CIT Act, income (revenues) earned in the Republic of Poland by non-residents shall include in 
particular income (revenues) from: 
(1) 
all types of activity pursued in the Republic of Poland, including through a foreign establishment located 
in the Republic of Poland; 
(2) 
immovable property located in the Republic of Poland or rights to such property, including from its 
disposal in whole or in part, or from the disposal of any rights to such property; 
(3) 
securities and derivatives other than securities, admitted to public trading in the Republic of Poland as 
part of the regulated stock exchange market, including those obtained from the disposal of these 
securities or derivatives, or the exercise of rights resulting from them; 
(4) 
the transfer of ownership of shares in a company, of all rights and obligations in a partnership without 
legal personality, participation in an investment fund or a collective investment undertaking, or other 
legal entity and rights of similar character or from receivables being a consequence of holding those

--- Page 236 ---
TAXATION OF NOTES 
236 
shares, rights and obligations participation or rights, if at least 50 per cent. of the value of assets of this 
company, partnership, investment fund, collective investment undertaking or legal entity is constituted, 
directly or indirectly, by immovable properties located in the Republic of Poland, or rights to such 
immovable properties; 
(5) 
the transfer of ownership of shares, all rights and obligations, participation or similar rights in a real 
estate company (as defined in the CIT Act); 
(6) 
the receivables settled, including receivables put at disposal, paid out or deducted, by natural persons, 
legal persons, or organisational units without legal personality, having their place of residence, registered 
office, or management board in the Republic of Poland, irrespective of the place of concluding or 
performing the agreement; and 
(7) 
unrealised gains referred to in the exit tax chapter. 
Similar provisions are included in Art. 3.2b of the PIT Act. 
It should be noted that the list of incomes (revenues) gained in Poland, as provided in Art. 3.3. of the CIT Act 
and Art. 3.2b of the PIT Act is not exhaustive, therefore, other income (revenues) may also be considered as 
earned in Poland. 
Given the above, each situation should be analysed to determine whether interest earned by a Polish tax resident 
from the Notes is considered to be income sourced in Poland. However, since the Issuer is not a Polish entity, 
income from the Notes should not be considered as earned in Poland and no Polish withholding tax should 
apply, unless specific circumstances occur, e.g. the Notes are admitted to public trading in Poland. 
If income from the Notes is considered as sourced in Poland, the following applies: 
(a) 
Special exemption for Notes meeting special conditions 
Under Art. 17.1.50c of the CIT Act, tax-free income is income earned by a CIT taxpayer subject to 
limited tax liability in Poland in respect of interest or a discount on securities: 
(i) 
having a maturity of at least one year; 
(ii) 
admitted to trading on a regulated market or introduced into an alternative trading system within 
the meaning of the Act of 29 July 2005 on Trading in Financial Instruments, in the territory of 
Poland or in the territory of a state that is a party to a double tax convention concluded with 
Poland which regulates the taxation of income from dividends, interest and royalties, 
unless the taxpayer is an Affiliated Entity of the Issuer of such securities, and holds, directly or indirectly, 
together with other affiliates within the meaning of those regulations, more than 10 per cent. of the 
nominal value of those securities. 
Under Art. 26.1aa-1ac of the CIT Act, remitters are not obliged to withhold tax on interest or discount 
in respect of the securities meeting the above requirements, provided that the Issuer submits to the tax 
authority a declaration that it has acted with due diligence in informing Affiliated Entities, within the 
meaning of the transfer pricing provisions, about the exemption conditions applying to those Affiliated 
Entities. The declaration is made once in relation to a given issue of securities, not later than the date of 
the payment of interest or discount on the securities. 
Analogous provisions apply to personal income tax (Art. 21.1.130c and Art. 41.24-26 of the PIT Act). 
(b) 
Failure to meet the conditions for a special exemption 
In the absence of the exemption referred to above, the following rules apply.

--- Page 237 ---
TAXATION OF NOTES 
237 
In the case of taxpayers subject to limited tax liability in Poland, the interest (discount) on the Notes 
earned in the Polish territory is taxed as a general rule at a flat rate of 20 per cent. in the case of corporate 
income tax payers (Art. 21.1.1 of the CIT Act) or 19 per cent. in the case of natural persons (Art. 30a.1.2 
of the PIT Act). Under Art. 26.1 of the CIT Act, interest payers, other than individuals not acting within 
the scope of their business activity, should withhold this tax and a similar provisions are provided in Art. 
41.4 of the PIT Act. 
Under Art. 26.2c.1 of the CIT Act, the entities operating securities accounts and Omnibus Accounts for 
taxpayers, acting as tax remitters, should withhold this interest income if such interest income (revenue) 
was earned in Poland and is connected with securities registered in said accounts, and the interest 
payment to the taxpayer is made through said entities. Although it is considered that foreign entities do 
not act as Polish tax remitters, according to the discussed provision, this obligation applies to non-
residents to the extent they operate a permanent establishment in Poland and the account, on which 
securities are registered, is linked to the activity of this permanent establishment. Similar provisions 
concerning interest payments to individuals are provided in Art. 41.4d of the PIT Act.  
The described rules of taxation may be modified by the relevant provisions of double tax treaties 
concluded by Poland, based on which a reduced tax rate or income tax exemption may apply to income 
(revenue) obtained from interest/discount (Art. 21.2 of the CIT Act, Art. 30a.2 of the PIT Act). To benefit 
from the tax rate or income tax exemption under the tax treaty, the taxpayer should present a valid 
certificate of its tax residence. As a rule, the tax residence certificate is considered valid for twelve 
consecutive months from its date of issue. Tax remitters may require additional documentation in order 
to be able to apply double tax treaty benefits described above, such as the confirmation of the recepient’s 
beneficial owner status towards the interest payments. 
Moreover, many tax treaties provide protection only for beneficial owners. Pursuant to Art. 4a.29 of the 
CIT Act and, respectively, Art. 5a.33d of the PIT Act, beneficial owner means an entity meeting all of 
the following conditions: 
(i) 
it receives the amount due for its own benefit, which includes deciding independently about its 
purpose, and bears the economic risk associated with the loss of that receivable or part of it; 
(ii) 
it is not an intermediary, representative, trustee, or another entity obliged to transfer the receivable 
in whole or in part to another entity; and 
(iii) 
it conducts real business activity in the country of its registration, if the receivables are obtained 
in connection with the conducted business activity whereas when assessing whether the entity 
conducts real business activity, the nature and scale of such activity in the scope of received 
receivables are taken into account. 
Although the definition of the beneficial owner does not refer to Art. 24a.18 of the CIT Act and Art. 30f. 
20 of the PIT Act those are the only places in the income tax legislation where real business activity is 
defined. Therefore, it cannot be ruled out that factors listed there will be taken into account by the tax 
authorities in determining beneficial ownership status. Those factors include: 
(i) 
the business activity carried out by the taxpayer is performed through an existing enterprise that 
actually performs activities constituting an economic activity; in particular, it possesses premises, 
qualified personnel and equipment used for performing business activity; 
(ii) 
the taxpayer does not create artificial arrangement without a connection with any business 
activity;

--- Page 238 ---
TAXATION OF NOTES 
238 
(iii) 
the taxpayer's actual premises, its personnel or equipment correspond to the scope of its actual 
business activity; 
(iv) 
the agreements concluded by the taxpayer are realistic in economic terms, they have economic 
justification and they are not noticeably contrary to the general business interest of the taxpayer; 
(v) 
the taxpayer carries out its business functions independently, using its own resources, including 
managers who are present in the country of taxpayer's tax residency. 
The majority of double tax treaties concluded by Poland provide for an exemption from income tax on capital 
gains, including income from the sale of securities obtained in Poland by a tax resident of a given country. 
Separate, specific rules apply to interest income on securities held in Omnibus Accounts. Also, in cases where 
Polish withholding tax should not apply on interest payable to non-Polish tax residents (natural persons or 
corporate income taxpayers), under specific rules applicable to interest income on securities held in Omnibus 
Accounts there is a risk that such tax would be withheld. Under Art. 26.2a of the CIT Act, with respect to income 
(revenue) from interest transferred to taxpayers holding rights attached to securities registered in Omnibus 
Accounts whose identity has not been revealed to the tax remitter in accordance with the Act on Trading in 
Financial Instruments, a 20 per cent. flat-rate tax is withheld by the tax remitter from the aggregate income 
(revenue) released for the benefit of all such taxpayers through the Omnibus Account holder. Under Art. 30a.2a 
of the PIT Act, with respect to income (revenue) from interest transferred to taxpayers holding rights attached 
to securities registered in Omnibus Accounts whose identity has not been revealed to the tax remitter in 
accordance with the Act on Trading in Financial Instruments, a 19 per cent. flat-rate tax is withheld by the tax 
remitter from the aggregate income (revenue) released for the benefit of all such taxpayers through the Omnibus 
Account holder. If such tax is withheld for non-Polish tax resident taxpayers, to receive a refund of such tax, 
the entity should contact its tax advisor. 
If a person or an entity subject to limited tax liability in Poland acts through a foreign establishment in Poland 
to which income is related, as a matter of principle provisions of law should apply that are analogous to 
taxpayers subject to unlimited tax liability in Poland, with some necessary additional requirements (e.g. the 
requirement to present the interest payer with a certificate of tax residence along with a declaration that the 
interest is related to the establishment’s activities). 
Pay & Refund regime 
In addition to the rules set out above, in the event of failure to meet the conditions for a special exemption, the 
following regime applies. 
(a) 
Corporate income tax 
Under Art. 26.2e of the CIT Act, if the total amount paid out between Affiliated Entities on account of 
the items listed in Art. 21.1 of the CIT Act (including interest / discount on securities) and Art. 22.1 of 
the CIT Act to the same taxpayer exceeds Polish Zloty 2,000,000 in the tax year of the payer, payers are, 
as a general rule, required to withhold, on the day of payment, a flat-rate income tax at the basic rate (20 
per cent. in the case of interest/discount on securities) from the excess over that amount, without being 
able not to withhold that tax on the basis of an appropriate double tax treaty, and also without taking into 
account exemptions or rates resulting from special regulations or double tax treaties (hereinafter the 
“Pay & Refund”). 
Under Art. 26.2i and 26.2j of the CIT Act, if the payer’s tax year is longer or shorter than 12 months, the 
amount to which the Pay & Refund applies is calculated by multiplying 1/12 of Polish Zloty 2,000,000 
and the number of months that have begun in the tax year in which the payment was made; if the 
calculation of that amount is not possible by reference to the payer’s tax year, the Pay & Refund shall

--- Page 239 ---
TAXATION OF NOTES 
239 
apply accordingly to the payer’s current financial year and, in its absence, with respect to the payer’s 
other period with features specific to the financial year, no longer however than 23 consecutive months. 
Based on Art. 26.2ca of the CIT Act, the entities making payments through securities accounts or 
Omnibus Accounts are obliged to provide the entities maintaining these accounts, at least 7 days before 
the payment is made, with information about the existence of Affiliations between them and the taxpayer 
and about exceeding the amount of PLN 2,000,000. Entities providing this information are required to 
update it before making the payment in the event of a change in the circumstances covered by the 
information. 
Under Art. 26.2k of the CIT Act, if the payment was made in a foreign currency, to determine whether 
the amount to which the Pay & Refund applies was exceeded, the amounts paid are converted into Polish 
Zloty at the average exchange rate published by the National Bank of Poland on the last business day 
preceding the payment day. 
Under Art. 26.2l of the CIT Act, if it is not possible to determine the amount paid to the same taxpayer, 
it is presumed that it exceeded the amount from which the Pay & Refund applies. 
Pursuant to the Regulation of the Minister of Finance dated 31 December 2018 regarding the exclusion 
or limited application of Art. 26.2e of the CIT Act (the “Regulation”), in respect of securities held on 
securities accounts or Omnibus Accounts, until 31 December 2022 the application of the Pay & Refund 
regime is excluded to interest payable to taxpayers having their registered office or management outside 
the territory of the Republic of Poland.  
Furthermore, there are certain exemptions from the Pay & Refund regime that require the tax remitter to 
undertake certain actions. 
In the case of withholding tax being a result of the Pay & Refund, if double tax treaties or special 
regulations provide for a tax exemption or reduced tax rate, the taxpayer or tax remitter (if the tax remitter 
has paid tax with its own funds and has borne the economic burden of such tax, e.g. as a result of a gross-
up clause) may apply for a refund of that tax by submitting the relevant documents and declarations. 
When recognizing that the refund is justified, the tax authorities shall carry it out within six months. 
The Pay & Refund does not apply in the case of the special exemption applicable to Notes meeting 
certain conditions referred to in the section entitled “Special exemption for Notes meeting special 
conditions” above. 
(b) 
Personal income tax 
Analogous provisions apply to personal income tax, including Art. 41.12 of the PIT Act which provides 
for an analogous Pay & Refund mechanism, while the Regulation of the Minister of Finance of 31 
December 2018 regarding the exclusion or limited application of Art. 41.12 of the PIT Act is the 
equivalent of the Regulation. 
Withholding taxation of certain payments made to tax havens 
Based on Art. 26.1m of the CIT Act, if a tax remitter makes a payment on account of certain capital 
profits (eg. revenues from financial instruments, including interest and capital gains) to a corporate entity 
resident for tax purposes in a tax haven, such tax remitter is obliged to withhold tax at 19% rate calculated 
from the amount being paid out. 
The list of the tax havens  is included in the Regulation of the Minister of Finance from 28 March 2019 
on identifying the countries and territories applying harmful tax competition for corporate taxation 
purposes.

--- Page 240 ---
TAXATION OF NOTES 
240 
HONDURAS TAXATION 
Based on the Territorial Tax Principal governing the Honduran tax system, as of January 1 2017, per Decree 
170-2016, and under the enforceable tax laws of Honduras and regulations that are known to us to the date of 
this Base Prospectus; the profits obtained from the Notes or the sale thereof, are unlikely to be subject to the 
Honduran Capital Gains Tax or Income Tax. However, it is the investor’s sole responsibility to determine 
whether a tax liability could arise from the profit obtained from the Notes or the sale thereof. We cannot 
guarantee or foresee in any way that the tax authorities of Honduras will accept our interpretations. The tax 
legislation referred to, can be amended at any time by the Honduras legislative authorities, which could have a 
material effect on the comments, interpretations and information included herein.  
Please consult your tax advisor regarding your specific legal and tax situation. Information herein is not legal 
or tax advice. You should make your own independent decision as to whether the profit arising from the Notes 
or the sale thereof is taxable under Honduran laws, based upon your own judgement and upon the advice from 
your tax advisors, as you may deem necessary.  
You should not rely on any communication (written or oral) of the Issuer, the Guarantor, any Dealer or any of 
their affiliates or their respective officers or agents as tax advice.  
It is being understood that information and explanations related to Notes contained here in shall not be 
considered to be tax advice or a recommendation on whether taxes should be paid or not. No communication 
(written or oral) received from the Issuer, the Guarantor, any Dealer or any of their affiliates or their respective 
officers or agents shall be deemed to be tax advice. 
DANISH TAXATION 
The following is a general description of the taxation in Denmark of Notes according to the Danish tax laws in 
force at the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any changes in law and the interpretation and 
application thereof, which changes could be made with retroactive effect. The following general description 
does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations that may be relevant to a 
decision to acquire, hold or dispose of Notes and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable 
to all categories of investors, some of which (such as professional dealers in securities) may be subject to 
special rules. Potential investors are under all circumstances strongly recommended to contact their own tax 
advisor to clarify the individual consequences of their investment, holding and disposal of Notes. The Issuer 
makes no representations regarding the tax consequences of purchase, holding or disposal of the Notes. 
Taxation of Danish Resident Noteholders 
Structured notes can be designed in many ways and with many different underlying assets or in a way that the 
yield will depend on various index or currency flows. The Danish taxation depends on the specific 
characteristics of the Notes. 
The following tax rules generally apply to structured notes. 
Gains and losses on structured notes are generally treated as gains and losses on financial instruments in 
accordance with section 29(3) of the Danish Capital and Exchange Gains Act (in Danish “Kursgevinstloven”) 
of 29 September 2022.  
However, there are exceptions – for example, notes which are adjusted solely in relation to developments in the 
consumer prices index (as computed by Statistics Denmark (in Danish “Danmarks Statistik”)), the net 
consumer-price index or a similar index within the European Union or any of its Member States. 
The gains and losses on structured notes are calculated irrespective of the rules applying to the underlying asset.

--- Page 241 ---
TAXATION OF NOTES 
241 
Gains and losses on structured notes issued to corporate entities and individuals are predominantly treated as 
taxable income in accordance with a mark-to-market principle (in Danish “lagerprincippet”), such as on an 
unrealised basis meaning that gains and losses on structured notes will be taxed even if there has been no 
changes in the ownership of the structured notes. 
Individuals who are not deemed to engage in financial trade are taxed on gains as capital income, such as at a 
rate up to circa 42 per cent. in 2022.  
Corporate entities are generally able to deduct losses on structured notes, whereas individuals may, in general, 
only offset losses on structured notes against (previous and future) gains on other financial instruments. 
However, in both cases, certain restrictions or exceptions apply. 
Pension funds and other entities governed by the Danish Act on Taxation of Pension Yield (in Danish 
“Pensionsafkastbeskatningsloven”) of 6 March 2020 (as amended) would, irrespective of realisation (whether 
or not there has been a change of ownership), be taxed on the annual value increase or decrease of the Notes 
according to a mark-to-market principle as specifically laid down in the act. The yield is taxed at a flat rate of 
15.3 per cent. 
For individuals and corporate entities, income derived from Notes in the form of payments that constitute 
interests are subject to Danish taxation according to section 4, subparagraph E of the Central Government Tax 
Act (in Danish “Statsskatteloven”) of 10 April 1922.  
Corporate entities are generally subject to 22 per cent. corporate income tax, whereas individuals are generally 
taxed as capital income at a rate up to circa 42 per cent. in 2022.  
Individuals and corporate entities are in general entitled to a tax credit in their Danish taxable income according 
to section 33 of the Danish Tax Assessment Act (in Danish “Ligningsloven”) of 17 August 2021 (as amended), 
or in accordance with applicable tax treaties. The refund is calculated in accordance with a net principle (in 
Danish “nettoprincippet”) which implies that the expenses relating to the foreign income are deducted. 
SWISS TAXATION 
The Issuers disclaim any liability in respect of the following summary of certain tax implications. The following 
summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all Swiss tax consequences linked with the 
acquisition, holding, sale, lapse or redemption of the Notes and does in particular not consider specific facts 
or circumstances that may apply to a particular investor and is for general information only. This summary is 
based on the tax laws of Switzerland currently in force and as applied on the date of this Base Prospectus which 
are subject to changes (or changes in interpretation) which may have retroactive effect. Prospective investors 
in the Notes are advised to consult their own tax, legal and financial advisers with respect to the tax 
consequences of the acquisition, holding, sale, lapse or redemption of the Notes in light of their particular 
circumstances. 
Swiss Withholding Tax 
Payments by the Issuers which constitute interest (being periodic or one-time), as per the Swiss withholding tax 
meaning thereof, may be subject to Swiss withholding tax (“Swiss WHT”), currently levied at a rate of 35 per 
cent. The Issuers are obliged to deduct Swiss WHT from the interest payment and to pay the tax to the Swiss 
Federal Tax Administration. 
An investor resident in Switzerland who, at the time the interest payment is due, is the beneficial owner of the 
taxable payment, is in general entitled to a full refund or a full tax credit of the Swiss WHT, if he duly reports 
the underlying income in his financial statements or income tax return, as the case may be.

--- Page 242 ---
TAXATION OF NOTES 
242 
A non-Swiss resident investor may be entitled to a total or partial refund of the Swiss WHT by virtue of the 
provisions of an applicable double tax treaty concluded between Switzerland and his country of tax residency. 
Swiss Stamp Duties 
The Swiss Stamp duties encompass the Swiss securities transfer tax and the Swiss securities issuance tax 
(together “Swiss Stamp Duties”). 
Transactions on Notes classified as pure derivatives for Swiss stamp duties purposes are generally not subject 
to the Swiss Stamp Duties. Exceptions may apply, in particular for the sale and transfer of Notes with a duration 
of more than one year, which may be subject to the Swiss securities transfer tax currently at a rate of 0.15 per 
cent. for Swiss securities and 0.3 per cent. for foreign securities, respectively. This tax would apply on 
transactions, whether by a Swiss or foreign resident investor, involving a Swiss securities dealer within the 
meaning of the Swiss Stamp Duties Act, if no exemption applies. The same may apply in case of physical 
delivery of the underlying(s) being taxable securities within the meaning of the Swiss Stamp Duties Act at 
redemption. 
Swiss (corporate) Income Tax 
(a) 
Tax treatment for Notes held by a Swiss resident investor as part of his private assets 
A Swiss resident investor holding the Notes as part of his private assets is required to include all 
payments of interest (being periodic or one-time) received in his personal income tax return for the 
relevant period and is taxable on the net taxable income. 
A capital gain realised on the sale or other disposition of the Notes by such an investor is in principle 
exempt from income tax and conversely a capital loss is in principle non-deductible. An exception is 
made for so-called notes with one-time predominant interest payment. 
Products which are not straight debt instruments but have components of debt instruments and 
derivatives intertwined generally qualify as combined instruments. The tax treatment thereof depends in 
particular on whether they are considered as transparent or not for Swiss income tax purposes. 
A product generally classifies as transparent for tax purposes if the values of the debt instrument 
and the derivative component are disclosed separately from each other in the sales documentation as 
well as in the offering prospectus, or, if this is not the case, if the product is a standard one and the values 
of the debt instrument and the derivative component can be determined analytically at any time by using 
conventional financial pricing models such as, for instance, the “bond floor pricing model” of the Swiss 
Federal Tax Administration. Conversely, if the debt instrument component is not disclosed separately 
from the derivative component and if the conditions for analytic determination of the values of those 
components do not apply, the products classify as non-transparent. 
If the products are considered as non-transparent for Swiss income tax purposes, any amount received 
by the investor (upon sale, lapse, exercise or redemption) in excess of the amount invested (at issue or 
upon purchase) is treated as taxable income in the hands of the investor if the products qualify as a note 
with predominant one-time interest payment. If they do not qualify as a note with predominant one time 
interest payment, the investor is only subject to tax on the periodic interest payments and (at redemption) 
on the difference between initial issuance price and the redemption price. For the purpose of determining 
whether a product is a note with predominant one-time interest payment the difference between initial 
issuance price and the redemption price is treated as one-time interest. 
If the products are considered as transparent for Swiss income tax purposes, they will be split notionally 
in a debt instrument and a derivative instrument component. The debt instrument component follows the 
usual tax treatment either as note with predominant one-time interest or as note with no predominant

--- Page 243 ---
TAXATION OF NOTES 
243 
one-time interest payment, as applicable. Gains or losses on the derivative instrument component are 
generally treated as capital gains or losses. 
(b) 
Tax treatment for Notes held by a Swiss resident investor as part of their business assets 
Income, capital gains and capital losses linked with the Notes realised by Swiss resident individual 
investors holding those assets as part of their business assets, as well as by Swiss resident corporate 
investors, are part of their business profit subject to income tax, respectively corporate income tax. The 
same applies to Swiss resident individual investors who qualify as so-called professional securities 
dealers. 
(c) 
Tax treatment for Notes held by a non-Swiss resident investor 
An investor who is not a Swiss resident for tax purposes will generally not be liable for Swiss income 
or corporate income tax on the income or capital gain linked with the Notes, unless and to the extent 
those assets are attributable to a permanent establishment or a fixed place of business maintained in 
Switzerland by such non-Swiss resident investor. 
International Automatic Exchange of Information in Tax Matters 
Switzerland has concluded a multilateral agreement with the European Union on the international automatic 
exchange of information (the “AEOI”) in tax matters, which applies to all EU member states and some other 
jurisdictions. In addition, Switzerland has concluded the multilateral competent authority agreement on the 
automatic exchange of financial account information (the “MCAA”), and a number of bilateral AEOI 
agreements with other countries, most of them on the basis of the MCAA. Pursuant to those agreements and 
the implementing laws of Switzerland, yearly reporting requirements are imposed on financial institutions in 
respect of certain account holders and controlling persons of entities resident in reportable jurisdictions. 
Reportable information includes personal and financial data collected during the previous calendar year. 
SOUTH AFRICA TAXATION 
The following is a general description of the taxation in South Africa of Notes according to the South African 
tax laws in force at the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any changes in law and the interpretation 
and application thereof, which changes could be made with retroactive effect. The following general description 
does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations that may be relevant to a 
decision to acquire, hold or dispose of Notes and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable 
to all categories of investors, some of which (such as professional dealers in securities) may be subject to 
special rules. Potential investors are under all circumstances strongly recommended to contact their own tax 
advisor to clarify the individual consequences of their investment, holding and disposal of Notes. The Issuer 
makes no representations regarding the tax consequences of purchase, holding or disposal of the Notes. 
The following is a non-exhaustive summary of the South African tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership 
and disposition of the Notes by South African tax residents and non-residents who are beneficial owners of the 
Notes.  
Interest  
Under current taxation law effective in South Africa a “resident” (as defined in section 1 of the South African 
Income Tax Act, 1962 (the “Income Tax Act”)) is subject to income tax on their worldwide income and a person 
who is not tax resident in South Africa is subject to tax on income from a South African source. Subject to 
certain exemptions, any interest received by or accruing to a South African tax resident will be subject to income 
tax.

--- Page 244 ---
TAXATION OF NOTES 
244 
South African tax non-resident persons are subject to income tax on all income derived from a South African 
source (subject to domestic exemptions or relief in terms of applicable double taxation agreements). Interest 
income is derived from a South African source if it is incurred by a South African tax resident (unless it is 
attributable to a foreign permanent establishment) or if it is derived from the utilisation or application in South 
Africa by any person of funds or credit obtained in terms of any form of “interest-bearing arrangement”. If 
the interest earned by a Noteholder is from a South African source, it will be subject to South African income 
tax unless such interest income is exempt from South African income tax under section 10(1)(h) of the Income 
Tax Act. 
Under section 10(1)(h) of the Income Tax Act, any amount of interest that is received or accrued (during any 
year of assessment) by or to any person that is not a resident of South Africa is exempt from income tax, unless: 
(a) 
that person is a natural person who was physically present in South Africa for a period exceeding 183 
days in aggregate during the twelve-month period preceding the date on which the interest is received 
or accrued by or to that person; or 
(b) 
the debt from which the interest arises is effectively connected to a permanent establishment of that 
person in South Africa. 
If a Noteholder that is not a tax resident of South Africa does not qualify for the exemption under 
section 10(1)(h) of the Income Tax Act, an exemption from or reduction of any South African tax liability may 
be available under an applicable double taxation agreement. Furthermore, certain entities may be exempt from 
income tax. Noteholders are advised to consult their own professional advisers as to whether the interest income 
earned on the Notes will be exempt under section 10(1)(h) of the Income Tax Act or under an applicable double 
taxation agreement. 
The taxation of interest income is generally governed by section 24J of the Income Tax Act. The Income Tax 
Act requires a South African tax resident to account for, inter alia, any interest arising from an “instrument” 
and premium or discount on the issue and/or redemption of such “instrument” as interest. The taxation of such 
interest is spread over the term of the Notes using a yield-to-maturity or an acceptable alternative methodology, 
as set out in section 24J of the Income Tax Act, unless the holder is a financial institution registered in terms of 
section 1 of the South African Financial Markets Act, 2012, the South African Reserve Bank or a registered 
banking institution (including companies forming part of a banking group), but excluding long term and short 
term insurance institutions who determine their taxable income in respect of certain financial instruments by 
including in or deducting from their income, for tax purposes, any fair value adjustments of such instruments 
required in terms of the International Financial Reporting Standards that are recognised recognized in profits 
or loss. 
As the Notes will be denominated in U.S. dollars, the interest accruing to the holders of the Notes must be 
converted to Rand on the date that the interest is received by or accrues for South African tax purposes, using 
the exchange rate methodology prescribed in the Income Tax Act.  
Issue, Sale and Redemption of the Notes  
The issue, sale and redemption of the Notes are not subject to value-added tax (“VAT”) or any transfer taxes, 
as they do not constitute “securities” for the purposes of the South African Securities Transfer Tax Act, 2007 
and constitute “debt securities” for purposes of the South African Value-Added Tax Act, 1991 (the “VAT Act”). 
The issue, allotment, drawing, acceptance, endorsement or transfer of ownership of a debt security is exempt 
from VAT in terms of section 12(a) of VAT Act. Commissions, fees or similar charges raised by a registered 
vendor for VAT purposes for the facilitation, issue, allotment, drawing, acceptance, endorsement of transfer of 
ownership of Notes that constitute “debt securities” will, however, be subject to VAT at the standard rate (14 
per cent. at the date of initial issuance of the Notes), except where the recipient is a non-resident. The taxable

--- Page 245 ---
TAXATION OF NOTES 
245 
supply of services by a registered vendor rendered to non-residents who are not in South Africa when the 
services are rendered, are subject to VAT at a zero rate in terms of section 11(2) (l) of the VAT Act.  
Capital gains tax 
Capital gains tax under the Eighth Schedule to the Income Tax Act will not be levied in relation to Notes 
disposed of by a person who is not a tax resident of South Africa unless the Notes disposed of are attributable 
to a permanent establishment of that person through which a trade is carried on in South Africa during the 
relevant year of assessment. The tax treatment will be subject to the provisions of any applicable tax treaty.  
A sale of the Notes by a South Africa tax resident holder may result in a capital gain or loss if the Notes were 
held as capital assets or a revenue gain or loss if the Notes were held as trading stock. Any such capital gain or 
revenue gain will be subject to capital gains tax or income tax, respectively, in the holder’s hands. The gain or 
loss is determined in accordance with the provisions of the Income Tax Act and any discount or premium on 
acquisition which has already been treated as interest for income tax purposes, under section 24J of the Income 
Tax Act will not be taken into account when determining any capital gain or loss. If the Notes are disposed of 
or redeemed prior to or on maturity, an “adjusted gain on transfer or redemption of an instrument”, or an 
“adjusted loss on transfer or redemption of an instrument”, as contemplated in section 24J of the Income Tax 
Act, must be calculated. Any such adjusted gain or adjusted loss is deemed to have been incurred or to have 
accrued in the year of assessment in which the transfer or redemption occurred. The calculation of the adjusted 
gain or adjusted loss will take into account, inter alia, all interest which has already been deemed to accrue to 
the Noteholder over the term that the instrument. Under section 24J(4A) of the Income Tax Act, where an 
adjusted loss on transfer or redemption of an instrument realized by a holder of a Note includes any amount 
representing interest that has previously been included in the income of the holder, that amount will qualify as 
a deduction from the income of the holder during the year of assessment in which the transfer or redemption 
takes place and will not give rise to a capital loss. 
To the extent that a Noteholder constitutes a “covered person” (as defined in section 24JB of the Income Tax 
Act) and section 24JB applies to the Notes, the Noteholder will be taxed in accordance with the provisions of 
section 24JB of the Act and the capital gains tax provisions would not apply.  
Taxation of Foreign Exchange Gains and Losses  
As the Notes will be denominated in US dollars, a South African tax resident holder who is (1) a company; (2) 
a trust carrying on a trade; or (3) a natural person who holds the Notes as trading stock will be required to 
account for foreign exchange gains and losses on translation and realisation of the Notes in accordance with the 
provisions of section 24I of the Income Tax Act. Such persons will be required to include in their taxable income 
any translations and realisations exchange gains and losses on the Notes.  
Persons holding the Notes as capital assets will be required to take currency fluctuations into account in 
determining the capital gain or loss in respect of the disposal of the Notes in accordance with the provisions of 
the Eighth Schedule of the Income Tax Act. 
Withholding Tax 
Generally under taxation law in South Africa, interest payments made under the Notes to Noteholders who are 
tax “resident” in South Africa (as defined in section 1 of the Income Tax Act) will be made free of withholding 
or deduction for or on account of any taxes in South Africa. 
Section 50A to 50H of the Income Tax Act imposes a withholding tax on South African sourced interest paid to 
or for the benefit of a foreign person at a rate of 15% of the amount of interest. However, South African sourced 
interest that is paid to or for the benefit of a foreign person by any bank registered in terms of the South African 
Banks Act, 1990 (“Banks Act”) or that is listed on a recognised exchange, is exempt from interest withholding 
tax. Interest is regarded as being from a South African source if the interest is attributable to an amount incurred

--- Page 246 ---
TAXATION OF NOTES 
246 
by a South African tax resident person (unless attributable to a foreign permanent establishment) or is received 
or accrues in respect of the utilisation or application in South Africa by any person of any funds or credit 
obtained in terms of any interest-bearing arrangement.

--- Page 247 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
247 
SECTION G – TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
CONTENTS OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
1. 
Definitions and Interpretation .................................................................................................. 251
2. 
Form, Denomination and Title ................................................................................................. 282
3. 
Exchanges and Transfers of Notes ........................................................................................... 283
4. 
Status .......................................................................................................................................... 286
5. 
Interest ........................................................................................................................................ 286
6. 
Redemption and Purchase ........................................................................................................ 341
7. 
Payments .................................................................................................................................... 360
8. 
Taxation ...................................................................................................................................... 364
9. 
Prescription ................................................................................................................................ 367
10. Meetings of Noteholders, Modifications, Determinations and Rounding ............................. 367
11. Replacement of Notes ................................................................................................................ 371
12. Further Issues ............................................................................................................................ 371
13. Notices......................................................................................................................................... 372
14. Consolidation or Merger ........................................................................................................... 373
15. Substitution of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor ................ 374
16. Redenomination ......................................................................................................................... 378
17. Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction ..................................................................... 379
18. Rights of Third Parties .............................................................................................................. 380
19. Acknowledgement of the United States Special Resolution Regimes .................................... 380
20. Agreement and Acknowledgement with Respect to the Exercise of the Bail-in Power in 
Respect of Notes Issued by CGMFL ........................................................................................ 380
 
 
Except as indicated below, the following is the text of the terms and conditions of the Notes which will include 
the general conditions of the Notes together with the additional terms and conditions contained, in the case of 
Credit Linked Notes only, in the Credit Linked Conditions or in the case of Index Skew Notes only, in the Index 
Skew Conditions and, in relation to any tranche of Notes, as completed, modified and/or supplemented, as 
applicable, by the information set out in the applicable Issue Terms (as defined below).

--- Page 248 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
248 
SECTION G.1 – GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
References in these General Conditions (the “General Conditions”) and, in the case of Credit Linked Notes, 
in the Credit Linked Conditions or in the case of Index Skew Notes, in the Index Skew Conditions, to the Notes 
shall be references to the notes issued under this Programme (the “Notes”) in respect of a particular series, and 
shall mean (a) in relation to any Registered Notes (as defined below) represented by a global Note (a “Global 
Registered Note Certificate”), units of each Specified Denomination in the Settlement Currency; (b) any 
Global Registered Note Certificate; (c) any definitive Registered Notes (“Registered Note Certificates”) 
whether or not issued in exchange for a Global Registered Note Certificate; (d) in relation to any Swedish Note, 
units of each Specified Denomination in the Settlement Currency; and (e) in relation to any Finnish Note, units 
of each Specified Denomination in the Settlement Currency. 
Whether the Notes are Registered Notes, Swedish Notes or Finnish Notes will be specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms but one type of Notes cannot be exchanged for another. 
Notes are issued in Series and each Series may comprise one or more Tranches of Notes. As used in these 
General Conditions, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and “Series” means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of 
Notes which are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) identical in all respects 
(including as to listing and admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest 
Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
Each Tranche is the subject of a Final Terms document (the “Final Terms”) or, in the case of Notes which are 
(i) neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA nor offered in the EEA in circumstances where 
a prospectus is required to be published under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, or (ii) neither admitted to trading 
on a UK regulated market for the purposes of the UK Prospectus Regulation (as defined below) nor offered in 
the UK in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”) (the 
“UK Prospectus Regulation”) (“Exempt Notes”), a pricing supplement (the “Pricing Supplement”) which, 
in the case of the Final Terms, completes or, in the case of the Pricing Supplement, completes, modifies and/or 
supplements (i) the General Conditions and, (ii) where the Notes are Credit Linked Notes, the Credit Linked 
Conditions or, where the Notes are Index Skew Notes, the Index Skew Conditions. Any determinations made 
pursuant to these General Conditions (including, without limitation, the calculation of any principal or interest) 
are subject to, in the case of Credit Linked Notes, the Credit Linked Conditions or, in the case of Index Skew 
Notes, the Index Skew Conditions. In the event of any inconsistency between (i) the General Conditions and, 
in the case of Credit Linked Notes, the Credit Linked Conditions or, in the case of Index Skew Notes, the Index 
Skew Conditions and (ii) the applicable Issue Terms (as defined below), the applicable Issue Terms shall prevail 
and in the event of any inconsistency between (i) the General Conditions and (ii) the Credit Linked Conditions 
or the Index Skew Conditions, as applicable, the Credit Linked Conditions or the Index Skew Conditions, as 
applicable, shall prevail. References in these General Conditions to a Condition shall be deemed to be a 
reference to a Condition of the General Conditions, unless otherwise specified. “Issue Terms” means either (i) 
where the Notes are not Exempt Notes, the applicable Final Terms or (ii) where the Notes are Exempt Notes, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement, and references should be construed accordingly. 
The terms and conditions of a Tranche of Notes (the “Terms and Conditions”) means, in relation to any 
Tranche of Notes, the General Conditions together, in the case of Credit Linked Notes only, with the additional 
terms and conditions contained in the Credit Linked Conditions or, in the case of Index Skew Notes only, with 
the additional terms and conditions contained in the Index Skew Conditions. The conditions of a Tranche of 
Notes (the “Conditions”) means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the Terms and Conditions as completed

--- Page 249 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
249 
or (in the case of Exempt Notes) completed, modified and/or supplemented, as applicable, by the information 
set out in the applicable Issue Terms. 
The Notes (other than Swedish Notes and Finnish Notes, except as provided herein) are issued pursuant to the 
Fiscal Agency Agreement dated on or around the date of this Base Prospectus (as amended, supplemented 
and/or restated from time to time, the “Fiscal Agency Agreement”) between, amongst others, Citigroup Global 
Markets Holdings Inc. (“CGMHI”) and Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. (“CGMFL”) 
each as an issuer (an “Issuer”), Citigroup Inc. as guarantor in respect of Notes issued by CGMHI where it is 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms (in its capacity as such guarantor, the “CGMHI Guarantor”), 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited (“CGML”) as guarantor in respect of Notes issued by CGMFL where it is 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms (in its capacity as such guarantor, the “CGMFL Guarantor” 
and the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor together, the “Guarantors”), Citibank, N.A., London 
branch as issuing agent and fiscal agent (in such capacity, the “Fiscal Agent”, which expression shall include 
any successor fiscal agent and together with any other paying agent from time to time, the “Paying Agents”, 
which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents) and as principal paying agent, 
Citibank Europe plc as registrar (in such capacity, the “Registrar”, which expression shall include any 
successor registrar) and as a transfer agent (in such capacity, a “Transfer Agent”, which expression shall 
include any additional or successor transfer agent, and the Fiscal Agent, the Registrar (if applicable), all Paying 
Agents and all Transfer Agents (if applicable) are together referred to herein as the “Agents”) and one of 
Citibank, N.A., Citigroup Global Markets Inc. or CGML as calculation agent if so specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms (in such capacity, the “Calculation Agent”, which expression shall include any successor 
calculation agent or such other entity as may be specified as the Calculation Agent in the applicable Issue Terms) 
and as exchange agent (in such capacity, the “Exchange Agent”, which expression shall include any successor 
exchange agent).  
The only provisions of the Fiscal Agency Agreement applicable to the Swedish Notes and the Finnish Notes are 
those in Clauses 2.2 (Calculation Agent and Determination Agent), 16 (Duties of Calculation Agent and 
Determination Agent), 20.8 (Obligations Several), 24 (Notices), 25 (Change of Specified Office) and 26 
(Governing Law and Jurisdiction) and Schedule 5 (Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders) and Clauses 19 
(Agents of the Relevant Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor), 20 (General) and 21 
(Changes in Agents) in relation to the appointment of the Calculation Agent and the Determination Agent (in 
each case if applicable) only.  
In relation to any Series, the applicable Issue Terms will specify whether CGMHI or CGMFL will be the Issuer 
and references in the Conditions to “the Issuer” shall be to whichever of CGMHI or CGMFL is so specified. 
Any Notes (other than Swedish Notes and Finnish Notes) issued by CGMHI are issued with the benefit of a 
Deed of Covenant dated on or around the date of this Base Prospectus (as amended, supplemented and/or 
restated from time to time, the “CGMHI Deed of Covenant”) executed by CGMHI in relation to such Notes. 
Any Notes (other than Swedish Notes and Finnish Notes) issued by CGMFL are issued with the benefit of a 
Deed of Covenant dated on or around the date of this Base Prospectus (as amended, supplemented and/or 
restated from time to time, the “CGMFL Deed of Covenant” and, together with the CGMHI Deed of Covenant, 
the “Deeds of Covenant” and references herein to the relevant “Deed of Covenant” shall mean the CGMHI 
Deed of Covenant where the Issuer is CGMHI and the CGMFL Deed of Covenant where the Issuer is CGMFL) 
executed by CGMFL in relation to such Notes. 
Notes issued by CGMHI are the subject of a deed of guarantee (as amended, supplemented and/or restated from 
time to time, the “CGMHI Deed of Guarantee”) dated 26 July 2019 executed by the CGMHI Guarantor. Notes 
issued by CGMFL are the subject of a deed of guarantee (as amended, supplemented and/or restated from time 
to time, the “CGMFL Deed of Guarantee” and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee and the CGMHI Deed of 
Guarantee, together the “Guarantees”) dated 11 May 2017 executed by the CGMFL Guarantor.

--- Page 250 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
250 
Notes issued by CGMFL are not guaranteed by the CGMHI Guarantor and are not the subject of the CGMHI 
Deed of Guarantee and references to the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee shall be ignored 
in relation to the Notes issued by CGMFL and the Conditions shall be construed accordingly. 
Notes issued by CGMHI are not guaranteed by the CGMFL Guarantor and are not the subject of the CGMFL 
Deed of Guarantee and references to the CGMFL Guarantor and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee shall be 
ignored in relation to Notes issued by CGMHI and the Conditions shall be construed accordingly. 
The holders of the Notes are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the Fiscal Agency Agreement 
applicable to them. 
Copies of the Fiscal Agency Agreement, the Deeds of Covenant and the Guarantees are obtainable free of charge 
during normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. Copies of the applicable Final 
Terms are obtainable during normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. If the 
Notes are not admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation on any listing authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system and are not publicly offered, the applicable Pricing Supplement will only be obtainable by a 
Noteholder during normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents holding one or 
more of the Notes if such Noteholder produces evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Paying Agent 
as to its holding of such Notes and identity. 
Swedish Notes will be issued pursuant to an issuer agreement with Euroclear Sweden AB (“Euroclear 
Sweden”) and in accordance with the provisions in the Swedish Act on Central Securities Depositaries and 
Financial Instruments Accounts (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella 
instrument) and the rules, regulations (including but not limited to Regulation (EU) No 909/2014 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 23 July 2014 on improving securities settlement in the European 
Union and on central securities depositories and amending Directives 98/26/EC and 2014/65/EU and 
Regulation (EU) No 236/2012) and operating procedures applicable to and/or issued by Euroclear Sweden, as 
amended from time to time (together the “Swedish CSD Rules”). Swedish Notes will be issued and governed 
by a Swedish Notes issuing and paying agency agreement (as amended, supplemented and/or restated from time 
to time, the “Swedish Notes Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement”) to be entered into between, inter alios, 
the Issuer and a local issuing and paying agent as Swedish Notes issuing and paying agent (in such capacity the 
“Swedish Notes Issuing and Paying Agent”, which expression shall include any successor Swedish Notes 
issuing and paying agent). Any references in the Conditions to “Fiscal Agency Agreement” shall be deemed to 
include, where the context so admits, reference to the relevant Swedish Notes Issuing and Paying Agency 
Agreement. Copies of each Swedish Notes Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement are or will be obtainable free 
of charge during normal business hours at the specified office of the Swedish Notes Issuing and Paying Agent. 
The holders of the Swedish Notes are deemed to have notice of all of the provisions of the Swedish Notes 
Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement applicable to them. 
Finnish Notes will be issued and governed by a Finnish Notes issuing and paying agency agreement (as 
amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Finnish Notes Issuing and Paying Agency 
Agreement”) to be entered into between, inter alios, the Issuer and a local issuing and paying agent as Finnish 
Notes issuing and paying agent (in such capacity the “Finnish Notes Issuing and Paying Agent”, which 
expression shall include any successor as Finnish Notes issuing and paying agent and such successor shall be 
duly authorised under the Finnish Act on the Book-Entry System and Clearing Operations (Fin. laki arvo-
osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta (348/2017, as amended)). Any references in the Conditions to 
“Fiscal Agency Agreement” shall be deemed to include, where the context so admits, reference to the Finnish 
Notes Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement. Copies of the Finnish Notes Issuing and Paying Agency 
Agreement are obtainable free of charge during normal business hours at the specified office of the Finnish 
Notes Issuing and Paying Agent. The holders of the Finnish Notes are deemed to have notice of all of the 
provisions of the Finnish Notes Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement applicable to them.

--- Page 251 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
251 
1. 
Definitions and Interpretation 
(a) 
General Definitions 
In the General Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have 
the meanings set out below: 
“2006 ISDA Definitions” mean the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by ISDA, as amended and 
updated from time to time. 
“2021 ISDA Definitions” mean the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, including any 
Matrices referred to therein, as published by ISDA, as amended and/or supplemented from time to time. 
“2021 ISDA Definitions Publication Version” means the applicable version of the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions as at the Trade Date, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Accrual Business Day” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(e) (Range Accrual 
Notes). 
“Accrual Condition” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(e) (Range Accrual 
Notes). 
“Accrual Condition 1” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(e) (Range Accrual 
Notes). 
“Accrual Condition 2” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(e) (Range Accrual 
Notes). 
“Accrual Condition 3” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(e) (Range Accrual 
Notes). 
“Accrual Cut-Off Date” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(e) (Range Accrual 
Notes). 
“Accrual Days” has the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(e) (Range Accrual Notes). 
“Accrual Interest Rate” shall be determined in accordance with General Condition 5(e) (Range Accrual 
Notes). 
“Additional Requirements” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 15(b) (Substitution 
of CGMFL and/or the CGMFL Guarantor). 
“Adj” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(e) (Range Accrual Notes). 
“Adjustment Event” means, in each case, if specified to apply in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
occurrence at any time of a Change in Law, a Hedging Disruption, an Increased Cost of Hedging or an 
Increased Cost of Index Event. 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event” means the Determination Agent determines that: 
(i) 
a Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event has occurred or will occur; or 
(ii) 
any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or 
inclusion in any official register in respect of a relevant Benchmark or the administrator or 
sponsor of a relevant Benchmark has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, 
rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or other relevant 
official body, in each case with the effect that the Issuer or the Determination Agent or any other

--- Page 252 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
252 
entity is not, or will not be, permitted under any applicable law or regulation to use the relevant 
Benchmark to perform its or their respective obligations under the Notes; or 
(iii) 
save where the relevant Issue Terms specify that “Administrator/Benchmark Event (iii)” is not 
applicable, it is not commercially reasonable to continue the use of the relevant Benchmark in 
connection with the Notes as a result of any applicable licensing restrictions or changes in the 
cost of obtaining or maintaining any relevant licence (including, without limitation, where the 
Issuer, the Determination Agent or any other entity is required to hold a valid licence in order to 
issue or perform its obligations in respect of the Notes and for any reason such licence is either 
not obtained, not renewed or is revoked or there is a material change in the cost of obtaining or 
renewing such licence); or 
(iv) 
there has been an official announcement by the supervisor of the administrator and/or sponsor of 
a relevant Benchmark that the relevant Benchmark is no longer representative, or as of a specified 
future date will no longer be capable of being representative, of any relevant underlying market(s) 
or economic reality that such Benchmark is intended to measure. 
“Affiliate” means in relation to any person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by the person, 
any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the person or any entity directly or indirectly under 
common control with the person. For this purpose, “control” of any entity or person means possession, 
directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of 
such entity or person, whether through the ownership of the voting power of the entity or person or by 
contract or otherwise. 
“Amortised Face Amount” shall have the meaning given to it in the definition of “Early Redemption 
Amount”. 
“Bank Rate” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(c)(iv) (SONIA Screen Rate 
Determination). 
“Barrier” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(e) (Range Accrual Notes). 
“Barrier 1” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(e) (Range Accrual Notes). 
“Barrier 2” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(e) (Range Accrual Notes). 
“Barrier 3” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(e) (Range Accrual Notes). 
“Benchmark” means any figure or rate and where any amount payable or deliverable under the Notes, 
or the value of the Notes, is determined by reference in whole or in part to such figure or rate, all as 
determined by the Determination Agent. 
“Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event” means, in respect of the Benchmark, any of the 
following: 
(i) 
any material change in such Benchmark; or 
(ii) 
the permanent or indefinite cancellation or cessation in the provision of such Benchmark; or 
(iii) 
a regulator or other official sector entity prohibits the use of such Benchmark in respect of the 
Notes. 
“BRRD” means Directive 2014/59/EU establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of 
credit institutions and investment firms, as amended as regards to the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation

--- Page 253 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
253 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms by Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019. 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
each “Business Centre” specified in the applicable Issue Terms, and if “Business Centre” is 
specified to be or to include: 
(A) 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” then “Business Day” shall also be any day 
except a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be 
closed for the entire day for the purposes of trading in U.S. government securities; or 
(B) 
“TARGET” or “TARGET Business Day”, then “Business Day” shall also be a day on 
which the TARGET2 System (as defined below) is operating; and 
(ii) 
either: 
(A) 
in relation to any sum payable in a Settlement Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Settlement Currency (if other than 
any Business Centre and which if the Settlement Currency is Australian dollars or New 
Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively); or 
(B) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the Trans-European Automated 
Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System or any successor 
thereto (the “TARGET2 System”) is operating. 
“Calculation Amount” has the meaning given in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Calculation Period” has the meaning given in the definition of “Day Count Fraction”. 
“Change in Law” means that (a) due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law, rule, order, 
directive or regulation (including, without limitation, any tax law), or (b) due to the promulgation of or 
any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction 
of any applicable law or regulation, (including any action taken by a taxing authority), the Calculation 
Agent determines that: 
(i) 
if “Hedging Illegality” applies in the applicable Issue Terms, holding, acquiring or disposing of 
any Hedging Position becomes or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole 
or in part, and such unlawfulness, illegality or prohibition cannot be cured or avoided by the 
Issuer (or its agents) taking all commercially reasonable measures available to it (including that 
any such measures will not result in the Issuer (or its agents) incurring a material loss); or 
(ii) 
if “Material Increased Cost” applies in the applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer will incur a 
materially increased cost in performing its obligations in relation to the Notes (including without 
limitation due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on the 
tax position of any relevant Hedging Party) which cannot be avoided by the Issuer (or its agents) 
taking reasonable measures available to it (as determined by the Issuer) and for which it (or its 
agents) will not suffer a material loss.

--- Page 254 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
254 
“CMS Interest Rate” means the rate of interest in respect of an Interest Period or any relevant day 
(including any Interest Payment Date) determined in accordance with General Condition 5(d) (Interest 
on CMS Rate Notes). 
“CMS Rate Notes” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(a) (Types of Interest). 
“CMS Reference Rate” means, in respect of an Interest Period or any relevant day, the Relevant Swap 
Rate for swap transactions in the Reference Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) which appears on the Page as at the Relevant Time on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“CMS Reference Rate 1” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(d) (Interest on CMS 
Rate Notes). 
“CMS Reference Rate 2” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(d) (Interest on CMS 
Rate Notes). 
“Compounded Daily SONIA” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(c)(iv) (SONIA 
Screen Rate Determination). 
“Corrected Rate” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(c)(ii) (General Screen Rate 
Determination) in the case of a determination of a Reference Rate other than a CMS Reference Rate. In 
the case of a determination of a CMS Reference Rate, it shall have the meaning given to it in General 
Condition 5(d) (Interest on CMS Rate Notes). 
“Correction Period” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Credit Linked Conditions” means, in respect of Credit Linked Notes, the terms and conditions of such 
Credit Linked Notes as set out in Section G.2 (Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity)) or 
Section G.3 (Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity)), as applicable.  
“Cut-off Date” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(g) (Interest on Inflation Linked 
Notes). 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any 
period of time, whether or not constituting an Interest Period (the “Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” applies: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the Calculation Period is equal to or 
shorter than the Determination Period during which the Calculation Period ends, the 
number of days in such Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates (as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Calculation Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Calculation Period ends, the sum of: 
(I) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Calculation Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that 
would occur in one calendar year; and 
(II) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination

--- Page 255 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
255 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar 
year; 
(ii) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” applies, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap 
year, the sum of (x) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in 
a leap year divided by 366 and (y) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” applies, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 365 or, in the case of a payment falling in a leap year, 366; 
(v) 
if “Actual/360” applies, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(vi) 
if “30/360” applies in respect of Fixed Rate Notes or Inflation Linked Notes, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period (such number of days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 
days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360; 
(vii) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” applies in relation to Floating Rate Notes or CMS Rate 
Notes, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
Day Count Fraction=
[360 × (Y2-Y1)]+[30 × (M2-M1)]+(D2-D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30; 
(viii) if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” applies, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 256 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
256 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(ix) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” applies, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + (D2 −D1)
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (A) that 
day is the last day of February or (B) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (A) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date 
or (B) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; or 
(x) 
“1/1” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 1. 
“days accrued” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(e) (Range Accrual Notes). 
“days observed” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(e) (Range Accrual Notes). 
“Delayed Interest Payment Dates” means, if “Delayed Payment” applies, the number of Business Days 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Designated Maturity” means a period of time specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Determination Agent” means the entity appointed by the Issuer and specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
“Determination Date” shall have the meaning given to it in the Issue Terms. 
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or

--- Page 257 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
257 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date). 
“Disrupted Day” means, in respect of Notes linked to more than one Reference Item, any Scheduled 
Trading Day for such Reference Item(s) on which the percentage rate of such Reference Item(s) for such 
Scheduled Trading Day does not appear on the Electronic Page. 
“Early Redemption Amount” means, subject as provided, in the case of Credit Linked Notes, in the 
Credit Linked Conditions or in the case of Index Skew Notes, in the Index Skew Conditions, in respect 
of each Note, an amount in the Settlement Currency (subject to a minimum of zero) equal to, as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(i) 
Fair Market Value payable on the Early Redemption Date; 
(ii) 
Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) payable at maturity; 
(iii) 
in the case of Zero Coupon Notes, the amount determined by the Calculation Agent as payable 
on the Early Redemption Date (such amount, the “Amortised Face Amount”); or 
(iv) 
such other amount specified in the applicable Issue Terms and payable on the Early Redemption 
Date, 
minus, in the case of paragraphs (ii) and (iii) above, each Note’s pro rata share of any unwind costs, 
provided that where the applicable Issue Terms specify “Additional Costs payable on account of Early 
Redemption” to be not applicable, Noteholders will not be charged any costs or expenses by the Issuer 
on account of the early redemption of the Notes. 
“Early Redemption Date” means, in respect of each Note and the Early Redemption Amount payable 
in respect of such Note, a date notified by the Issuer to the relevant Noteholder in accordance with 
General Condition 13 (Notices) as the date for the payment of the Early Redemption Amount, provided 
that if the Early Redemption Amount is specified as “Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) at 
maturity”, then such Early Redemption Amount shall, notwithstanding anything else in the Conditions 
be payable on the Maturity Date, and no other amounts of principal, interest or termination will be 
payable following the date the notice of early redemption is given. 
“Early Redemption Event” means: 
(i) 
if “Early Redemption following Adjustment Event” applies in the applicable Issue Terms in 
relation to the relevant Adjustment Event, following the occurrence of an Adjustment Event, the 
determination of the Calculation Agent that no adjustment or substitution can reasonably be made 
under these General Conditions to account for the effect of such Adjustment Event; and/or 
(ii) 
if “Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event” applies in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
occurrence of a Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event; and/or 
(iii) 
if “Section 871(m) Event” applies in the applicable Issue Terms, the occurrence of a Section 
871(m) Event; and/or 
(iv) 
in respect of Inflation Linked Notes, the determination by the Calculation Agent that no Successor 
Index can be determined under General Condition 5(g)(v)(C) (Substitution of an Inflation Index); 
and/or 
(v) 
in respect of Inflation Linked Notes, the determination by the Calculation Agent that no 
adjustment can reasonably be made under General Condition 5(g)(v)(D) (Modification of an 
Inflation Index); and/or

--- Page 258 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
258 
(vi) 
if “Obligor Regulatory Event” applies in the applicable Issue Terms, the occurrence of an Obligor 
Regulatory Event. 
“Early Redemption Interest Amount” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 5(c)(x) 
(Payments in respect of Interest on Early Redemption). 
“ECB” means European Central Bank (or its successor). 
“ECB €STR Guideline” means Guideline (EU) 2019/1265 of the ECB of 10 July 2019 on the euro 
short-term rate (€STR) (ECB/2019/19), as amended from time to time. 
“ECB’s Website” means the website of the ECB, currently at www.ecb.europa.eu or any successor 
source officially designated by the ECB. 
“EEA” means the European Economic Area. 
“Electronic Page” means, in respect of a Reference Item and (if applicable) any component of such 
Reference Item (however described in the relevant General Conditions), the electronic page or source 
specified for such Reference Item or such component, as the case may be, in the applicable Issue Terms, 
or either (i) any successor electronic page or source or information vendor or provider that has been 
designated by the sponsor of the original electronic page or source; or (ii) if such sponsor has not 
officially designated a successor electronic page or source or information vendor or provider, the 
successor electronic page or source or information vendor or provider designated by the relevant 
information vendor or provider (if different from such sponsor) or any alternative electronic page or 
source designated by the Calculation Agent provided that if, in the case of (i) and (ii), the Calculation 
Agent determines that it is not necessary or appropriate for the Electronic Page to be any such successor 
electronic page or source or information vendor or provider, then the Electronic Page may be either the 
originally designated electronic page or source or such other electronic page or source as selected by the 
Calculation Agent. Where more than one Electronic Page is specified in respect of a Reference Item 
and/or (if applicable) any component of such Reference Item (however described in the relevant General 
Conditions), then the provisions of the preceding sentence shall be construed accordingly and (i) if there 
is any discrepancy between any relevant price or level displayed on the relevant Electronic Pages for 
any Note Valuation Date, the relevant price or level selected by the Calculation Agent shall be used for 
such Note Valuation Date; and (ii) if any relevant price or level is not published on all of such Electronic 
Pages but is published on one or more of such Electronic Pages, the Calculation Agent shall use such 
published price or level for the purpose of determining any calculation or determination in respect of the 
Notes and no Disrupted Day shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of the failure to publish on the 
other Electronic Page(s). 
“Established Rate” means the rate for conversion of the Settlement Currency (including compliance 
with rules relating to rounding in accordance with applicable EU regulations) into Euro established by 
the Council of the EU pursuant to Article 140 of the Treaty. 
“€STR”, in respect of any TARGET Settlement Day, means the euro short-term rate administered by the 
ECB (or any successor administrator) for such TARGET Settlement Day and published on the ECB’s 
Website (or any other authorised source) as of 9:00am (Frankfurt time) or, in case a revised euro short-
term rate is published as provided in Article 4 subsection 3 of the ECB €STR Guideline as of 11:00am 
(Frankfurt time), such revised interest rate (or any amended publication time as specified by the 
administrator of the euro short-term rate in the euro short-term rate benchmark methodology) and as 
then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by the administrator of €STR or such authorised distributors, in each case on the TARGET 
Settlement Day immediately following such TARGET Settlement Day.

--- Page 259 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
259 
“€STR Compounding with Lookback” has the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(vi)(B)(II) 
(€STR Screen Rate Determination).  
“€STR Compounding with Observation Period Shift” has the meaning given to it in General 
Condition 5(vi)(B)(III) (€STR Screen Rate Determination). 
“€STR OIS Compounding” has the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(vi)(B)(I) (€STR Screen 
Rate Determination). 
“€STR Rate Cut-Off Date” means the date that is the number of TARGET Settlement Days specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms (or if none are specified, the second TARGET Settlement Day) prior to the 
Maturity Date or the redemption date, as applicable. 
“EU” means the European Union. 
“Euroclear Finland” means Euroclear Finland Ltd. 
“Euronext Dublin” means the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin. 
“Euro-zone” means the Member States of the EU that are participating in the third stage of Economic 
and Monetary Union. 
“Event of Default” means the occurrence of any of the following events: 
(i) 
default in the payment of any interest upon any Note when it becomes due and payable, and 
continuance of such default for a period of 30 days;  
(ii) 
default in the payment of the principal or termination amounts of any Note at its due date or, 
where applicable, default in the Delivery of any Physical Redemption Assets in respect of any 
Credit Linked Note on its due date (each term as defined in the Credit Linked Conditions), and, 
in each case, continuance of any such default for a period of 30 days;  
(iii) 
default in the performance, or breach, of any covenant of the Issuer or the CGMFL Guarantor in 
the General Conditions or the Fiscal Agency Agreement (other than a covenant a default in whose 
performance or whose breach is elsewhere in this definition) or the CGMFL Guarantor under the 
CGMFL Deed of Guarantee and continuance of such default or breach for a period of 60 days 
after there has been given, by registered or certified mail, to the Issuer or the CGMFL Guarantor, 
as the case may be, by the holders of at least 25 per cent. in principal amount or number of the 
Outstanding Notes, a written notice specifying such default or breach and requiring it to be 
remedied and stating that such notice is a “Notice of Default” hereunder;  
(iv) 
where the Issuer is CGMHI only, the entry of a decree or order for relief in respect of the Issuer 
by a court having jurisdiction in the premises in an involuntary case under the United States 
Federal bankruptcy laws, as now or hereafter constituted, or any other applicable United States 
Federal or State bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or appointing a receiver, liquidator, 
assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator (or other similar official) of the Issuer or of the whole 
or substantially the whole of its property, or ordering the winding up or liquidation of its affairs, 
and the continuance of any such decree or order unstayed and in effect for a period of 90 
consecutive days;  
(v) 
where the Issuer is CGMHI only, the commencement by the Issuer of a voluntary case under the 
United States Federal bankruptcy laws, as now or hereafter constituted, or any other applicable 
United States Federal or State bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or the consent by it to 
the entry of an order for relief in an involuntary case under any such law or to the appointment

--- Page 260 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
260 
of a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator (or other similar official) of the 
Issuer or of the whole or substantially the whole of its property, or the making by the Issuer of an 
assignment for the benefit of its creditors generally, or the admission by the Issuer in writing of 
its inability to pay its debts generally as they become due;  
(vi) 
where the Issuer is CGMFL only: 
(A) 
any order is made by any component court or any resolution passed for the winding up or 
dissolution of the Issuer (including, without limitation, the opening of any bankruptcy 
(faillite), insolvency, voluntary or judicial liquidation, (insolvabilitié, liquidation 
volontaire or judiciaire), composition with creditors (concordat préventif de faillite), 
reprieve from payment (sursis de paiement), controlled management (gestion controlée), 
general settlement with creditors or reorganisation proceedings or similar proceedings 
affecting the rights of creditors generally) or the appointment of a receiver of the Issuer 
(including, without limitation, the appointment of any receiver (curateur), liquidator 
(liquidateur), auditor (commissaire), or verifier (expert vérificateur, juge délégué or juge 
commissaire)) save for the purposes of amalgamation, merger, consolidation, 
reorganisation or other similar arrangement or, if the Issuer is not organised and existing 
under the laws of Luxembourg, any event occurs which under the laws of the jurisdiction 
in which the Issuer is organised and existing has an analogous effect to any of the events 
referred to above in this definition;  
(B) 
the entry of a decree or order for relief in respect of the CGMFL Guarantor by a court 
having jurisdiction in the premises in an involuntary case under the English bankruptcy 
laws, as now or hereafter constituted, or any other applicable English bankruptcy, 
insolvency or other similar law, or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, 
trustee, sequestrator (or other similar official) of the CGMFL Guarantor or of the whole 
or substantially the whole of its property, or ordering the winding up or liquidation of its 
affairs, and the continuance of any such decree or order unstayed and in effect for a period 
of 90 consecutive days, save that, in each case, any action taken or occurrence in the 
context of a solvent winding-up of the CGMFL Guarantor solely for the purposes of a 
reorganisation, reconstruction, merger or amalgamation shall not constitute an Event of 
Default; 
(C) 
the commencement by the CGMFL Guarantor of a voluntary case under the English 
bankruptcy laws, as now or hereafter constituted, or any other applicable English 
bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or the consent by it to the entry of an order 
for relief in an involuntary case under any such law or to the appointment of a receiver, 
liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator (or other similar official) of the 
CGMFL Guarantor or of the whole or substantially the whole of its property, or the making 
by the CGMFL Guarantor of an assignment for the benefit of its creditors generally, or the 
admission by the CGMFL Guarantor in writing of its inability to pay its debts generally 
as they become due, save that, in each case, any action taken or occurrence in the context 
of a solvent winding-up of the CGMFL Guarantor solely for the purposes of a 
reorganisation, reconstruction, merger or amalgamation shall not constitute an Event of 
Default; 
(vii) 
where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee ceases to be, or is claimed by the 
CGMFL Guarantor not to be, in full force and effect (except, for the avoidance of doubt, where 
this is a result of the CGMFL Guarantor becoming the Issuer pursuant to the General Conditions). 
For the avoidance of doubt, for the purposes of this provision, the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee

--- Page 261 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
261 
shall be deemed not to have ceased to be in full force and effect in circumstances where there is 
a consolidation or merger of the CGMFL Guarantor in accordance with General Condition 14 
(Consolidation or Merger) or where a substitution of the CGMFL Guarantor is effected in 
accordance with General Condition 15 (Substitution of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the 
CGMFL Guarantor). 
“Fair Market Value” means, in respect of a Note, an amount in the Settlement Currency determined by 
the Calculation Agent which represents the fair market value of such Note (which shall include amounts 
in respect of interest) on a day selected by the Issuer or as otherwise required in accordance with the 
General Conditions (ignoring for the purposes of a redemption pursuant to General Condition 6(b)(ii) 
(Early Redemption following the occurrence of an Illegality), the relevant unlawfulness, illegality or 
prohibition) less (where the applicable Issue Terms specify “Deduction of Hedge Costs” to be applicable) 
the proportionate cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying and/or related 
hedging and funding arrangements in respect of the Notes (including, without limitation, any options 
relating to any Reference Item hedging the Issuer’s obligations under the Notes) and, for the purposes 
of determining the fair market value of such Note for the purposes of General Condition 6 (Redemption 
and Purchase), no account shall be taken of the financial condition of the Issuer and the Guarantor which 
shall be presumed to be able to perform fully their respective obligations in respect of the Notes, provided 
that if the applicable Issue Terms specify “Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement” to be applicable, the 
Fair Market Value for this purpose shall be the sum of the amount determined in accordance with the 
above plus the Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement. 
The “fair market value” of a Calculation Amount is an estimated value and, in determining such value, 
the Calculation Agent may have regard to the following as applicable: 
(i) 
where applicable, a bond component in respect of the Notes, plus an embedded derivative(s) or 
option component. The value of the bond component is expected to be determined based on the 
present value of the stream of cash payments associated with a conventional bond of an amount 
equal to the then aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Notes discounted by a prevailing 
internal funding rate (which may be adjusted by a spread) for a term equal to that then outstanding 
of the Notes. The value of the embedded derivative component is expected to be determined 
based on internal pricing models which will take into account certain parameters that the 
Calculation Agent determines appropriate (including, without limitation, factors such as expected 
interest and dividend rates; and the value, price or level and volatility of any relevant Reference 
Item(s) or other reference item or any futures or options relating to any of them); and/or 
(ii) 
the value of the Notes as determined using any such other factors as the Calculation Agent deems 
relevant, including but not limited to the time remaining to maturity of the Notes, the interest 
rates at which banks lend to each other, the interest rate which the Issuer (or its Affiliates) is 
charged to borrow cash, if the Notes are linked to one or more Reference Item(s) or other 
reference asset(s), the value, expected future performance and/or volatility of such Reference 
Item(s) or other reference asset(s) and any other information the Calculation Agent deems 
relevant (including, but not limited to the circumstances that resulted in the events causing such 
redemption). 
Such values, along with where the applicable Issue Terms specify “Deduction of Hedge Costs” as 
applicable with deductions for any fees, costs or commissions in connection with the issue of the Notes 
and the cost of entering into any Reference Item and/or related hedging and funding arrangements in 
respect of the Notes, are expected to have been relevant pricing factors taken into account at or around 
the trade date to enable the Issuer to determine the terms on which it can issue the Notes on the Issue 
Date and are therefore relevant factors in determining any Early Redemption Amount.

--- Page 262 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
262 
“Fallback Bond” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(g) (Interest on Inflation 
Linked Notes). 
“Final Interest Period End Date” means, for the purposes of calculating interest in respect of any 
Interest Period, the date such Interest Period ends on but excludes.  
“Finnish Payment Day” means a day which is a Helsinki Banking Day and a TARGET Business Day 
(if applicable). 
“Fixed Interest Rate” means the rate of interest applicable to Fixed Rate Notes in respect of an Interest 
Period determined in accordance with General Condition 5(b) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes). 
“Fixed Rate Notes” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(a) (Types of Interest). 
“Floating Interest Rate” means the rate of interest in respect of an Interest Period and/or any relevant 
day (including any Interest Payment Date) determined in accordance with General Condition 5(c) 
(Interest on Floating Rate Notes). 
“Floating Rate Matrix Publication Version” means the applicable version of “2021 ISDA Interest Rate 
Derivatives Definitions Floating Rate Matrix” published by ISDA on the Trade Date, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
“Floating Rate Notes” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(a) (Types of Interest). 
“Hedging Disruption” means that any Hedging Party is unable, after using commercially reasonable 
efforts to: 
(i) 
acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or 
asset(s) that the Calculation Agent deems necessary to hedge the price risk of the Issuer issuing 
and performing its obligations under the Notes; or 
(ii) 
realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
“Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event” means: 
(i) 
any action, or any announcement of the intention to take any such action, including adoption of 
any law, regulation or order or the amendment, elimination, reinterpretation or promulgation of 
an interpretation, by any regulatory, self-regulatory, legislative or judicial authority with 
competent jurisdiction (including, without limitation, as implemented by the United States 
Commodity Futures Trading Commission (“CFTC”) or any exchange or trading facility acting 
pursuant to CFTC authority) that affects the definition of “bona fide hedging” as that term is used 
in CFTC regulations adopted under Section 4a(a) of the United States Commodity Exchange Act, 
as amended (the “Commodity Exchange Act”) (as at the Trade Date 17 CFR 150.3) or that 
withdraws or limits as a matter of practice or policy any “hedge exemptions” previously granted 
by the CFTC or any such exchange or trading facility acting under authority granted pursuant to 
the Commodity Exchange Act, or affects or otherwise amends such other applicable laws of any 
jurisdiction which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in this paragraph (i); or  
(ii) 
increases the cost of the performance of the Issuer’s obligations in respect of the Notes or the cost 
of acquiring, establishing, re-establishing, substituting, maintaining, unwinding or disposing of 
any transaction(s) or asset(s) that the Calculation Agent deems necessary to hedge the price risk 
of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations under the Notes, whether individually or on 
a portfolio basis,  
in each case occurring after the Trade Date and as determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 263 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
263 
“Hedging Party” means any party which enters into any arrangement which hedges or is intended to 
hedge, individually or on a portfolio (or “book”) basis, the Notes, which party may be the Issuer and/or 
any of its Affiliates and/or any other party or parties, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Hedging Position” means any one or more of: 
(i) 
positions or contracts (as applicable) in securities, futures contracts, options contracts, cross 
currency derivative contracts, interest rate derivative contracts, asset swap derivative contracts, 
other derivative contracts or foreign exchange contracts; 
(ii) 
stock loan transactions, securities transactions or loan transactions;  
(iii) 
other instruments or arrangements (however described) entered into by a Hedging Party in order 
to hedge, individually or on a portfolio (or “book”) basis, the Notes; or 
(iv) 
positions or contracts in one or more credit derivative contracts which may be in combination 
with any of paragraph (i) or (iii) above. 
“Helsinki Banking Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks 
are generally open for business, including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits in 
Helsinki and on which Euroclear Finland and the relevant system in which the Finnish Notes are 
registered are open for business in accordance with the Euroclear Finland Rules.  
“Hong Kong” means the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of China. 
“Increased Cost of Hedging” means that any Hedging Party would incur a materially increased (as 
compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or fee (other than 
brokerage commissions) to: 
(i) 
acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or 
asset(s) that the Calculation Agent deems necessary to hedge the price risk of the Issuer issuing 
and performing its obligations under the Notes; or 
(ii) 
realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s). 
Any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the 
creditworthiness of any Hedging Party shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
“Increased Cost of Index Event” means, in respect of an Inflation Index, that the relevant Inflation 
Index Sponsor imposes on the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates increased or unexpected fees and costs 
for the use of such Inflation Index, which the Calculation Agent determines are material. 
“Inflation Index” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(g) (Interest on Inflation 
Linked Notes). 
“Inflation Index Closing Level” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(g) (Interest 
on Inflation Linked Notes). 
“Inflation Index Sponsor” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(g) (Interest on 
Inflation Linked Notes). 
“Inflation Linked Notes” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(a) (Types of 
Interest).

--- Page 264 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
264 
“Inflation Interest Rate” means the rate of interest applicable to Inflation Linked Notes in respect of 
an Interest Period determined in accordance with General Condition 5(g) (Interest on Inflation Linked 
Notes) and paragraph (ii) of the definition of “Interest Amount”. 
“Instalment Amount” means, subject as provided in the case of Credit Linked Notes in the Credit 
Linked Conditions, in respect of a Note and an Instalment Date, an amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent equal to the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or the amount determined in 
accordance with the formula or method for determining such amount specified therein. 
“Instalment Date” means, in respect of a Note, each date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Instalment Note” has the meaning given to it in General Condition 6(b) (Redemption by instalments). 
“Interest Amount” means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, the interest amount determined 
pursuant to General Conditions 5(b) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) to 5(o) (Interest on Swedish Notes) 
(as applicable).  
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. Where the Notes have more than one interest basis, an Interest 
Commencement Date will be specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of each such interest 
basis. 
“Interest Determination Date” means if the applicable Issue Terms specify: 
(i) 
“Daily Rate Determination” to be applicable, in respect of a Reference Rate for any relevant day, 
the Interest Determination Date shall be such relevant day;  
(ii) 
“Periodic Rate Determination” to be applicable, in respect of a Reference Rate for any Interest 
Period, the Interest Determination Date shall be any date specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms; or 
(iii) 
if the applicable Issue Terms specify “As specified in General Condition 1(a) (General 
Definitions)”: 
(A) 
if the Reference Rate is LIBOR (other than Sterling or Euro LIBOR), the second day on 
which commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in London prior to the start of each Interest Period; 
(B) 
if the Reference Rate is Sterling LIBOR, the first day of each Interest Period; 
(C) 
if the Reference Rate is the SONIA Floating Rate, the fifth day on which commercial 
banks are open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London prior to the end of each Interest Period; 
(D) 
if the Reference Rate is Euro LIBOR or EURIBOR, the second TARGET Business Day 
prior to the start of each Interest Period; 
(E) 
if the Reference Rate is the Stockholm interbank offered rate (STIBOR), the second day 
on which commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in Stockholm prior to the start of each Interest Period; 
(F) 
if the Reference Rate is the Norwegian interbank offered rate (NIBOR), the second day 
on which commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in Oslo prior to the start of each Interest Period;

--- Page 265 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
265 
(G) 
if the Reference Rate is the Copenhagen interbank offered rate (CIBOR), the first day of 
each Interest Period; 
(H) 
if the Reference Rate is the Tokyo interbank offered rate (TIBOR), the second day on 
which commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in Tokyo prior to the start of each Interest Period; 
(I) 
if the Reference Rate is the Hong Kong interbank offered rate (HIBOR), the first day of 
each Interest Period; 
(J) 
if the Reference Rate is the Australian Bank Bill Swap Rate (BBSW), the first day of each 
Interest Period;  
(K) 
if the Reference Rate is the New Zealand Bank Bill reference rate (BKBM), the first day 
of each Interest Period; or 
(L) 
if the Reference Rate is €STR, SARON or SOFR, the Interest Period End Date at the end 
of each Interest Period (or such other date or dates, if any, specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms), provided that if any of €STR OIS Compounding, SARON OIS 
Compounding or SOFR OIS Compounding applies, the Interest Determination Date with 
respect to the final Interest Period for €STR, SARON or SOFR (as the case may be) will 
be the €STR Rate Cut-Off Date, the SARON Rate Cut-Off Date or the SOFR Rate Cut-
Off Date, respectively; 
and, where the applicable Issue Terms specify one or more Reference Rates, as applicable for an Interest 
Period or a relevant day or different Reference Rates, as applicable for different Interest Periods or days, 
the Interest Determination Date will be construed in respect of each Reference Rate for each Interest 
Period or day. 
“Interest Observation Date” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(e) (Range 
Accrual Notes). 
“Interest Participation Rate” means, in respect of any Relevant Rate for a relevant day (including an 
Interest Payment Date) and/or for an Interest Period ending on (but excluding) an Interest Period End 
Date, the amount or percentage rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of such 
Relevant Rate for such day and/or such Interest Period, or, if a Rate Table is set out in the applicable 
Issue Terms, each amount or percentage rate specified in the Rate Table in the column entitled “Interest 
Participation Rate” in the row corresponding to such day or corresponding to the date (specified in the 
column “Interest Period End Date(s)”) on which such Interest Period End Date is scheduled to fall, 
provided that if the applicable Issue Terms specify Interest Participation Rate to be not applicable, it 
shall be deemed to be equal to one. Where the applicable Issue Terms specify more than one Interest 
Participation Rate for different Relevant Rates, the Interest Participation Rate will be construed to apply 
to each Relevant Rate for each relevant day (including an Interest Payment Date) and/or each Interest 
Period. 
“Interest Participation Rate 1” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(d) (Interest 
on CMS Rate Notes). 
“Interest Participation Rate 2” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(d) (Interest 
on CMS Rate Notes). 
“Interest Participation Rate (Spread Interest Rate)” shall have the meaning given to it in General 
Condition 5(f) (Spread Notes).

--- Page 266 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
266 
“Interest Payment Date” means:  
(i) 
if any of the following apply and “Delayed Payment” also applies: 
(A) 
“€STR Screen Rate Determination” and €STR OIS Compounding; 
(B) 
“SARON Screen Rate Determination” and SARON OIS Compounding; or 
(C) 
“SOFR Screen Rate Determination” and SOFR OIS Compounding;  
(I) the date that is the number of Delayed Interest Payment Dates falling after the relevant Interest 
Period End Date, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, or (II) if not so specified, (a) in 
respect of €STR, two TARGET Settlement Days, (b) in respect of SARON, two Zurich Banking 
Days and (c) in respect of SOFR, two U.S. Government Securities Business Days; or 
(ii) 
if “ISDA Determination” and OIS Compounding or Overnight Averaging applies and “Delayed 
Payment” also applies, the date that is the number of Delayed Interest Payment Dates falling after 
the relevant Interest Period End Date,  
provided that in respect of paragraphs (i) and (ii) above, the Interest Payment Date with respect 
to the final Interest Period will be the Maturity Date or other date for redemption of the relevant 
Notes; or 
(iii) 
otherwise, shall have the meaning given to it in the applicable Issue Terms.  
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period End Date and each successive period beginning on 
(and including) an Interest Period End Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest 
Period End Date. The final Interest Period will end on (but exclude) the date on which the Notes are 
redeemed in full. 
“Interest Period End Date” means each date specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms or, if none 
is so specified, each Interest Payment Date. 
“Interest Rate” means (i) Fixed Interest Rate, (ii) Floating Interest Rate, (iii) CMS Interest Rate, (iv) 
Accrual Interest Rate, (v) Spread Interest Rate (vi) Inflation Interest Rate or (vi) any other rate of interest 
payable from time to time in respect of the Notes and which is either specified, or calculated in 
accordance with the provisions, herein or specified in the applicable Issue Terms, and where more than 
one Interest Rate is so specified, the Interest Rate shall be the rate specified in respect of the relevant 
Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“ISDA” means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any successor organisation 
thereto). 
“ISDA Definitions” means: 
(i) 
if “ISDA Determination: 2006 ISDA Definitions” applies, the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as 
amended and updated as at the Trade Date of the first Tranche of the Notes; or  
(ii) 
if “ISDA Determination: 2021 ISDA Definitions” applies, the 2021 ISDA Definitions which will 
be deemed to refer to the 2021 ISDA Definitions Publication Version (as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms) and the Floating Rate Matrix will be deemed to refer to the Floating Rate 
Matrix Publication Version (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms).

--- Page 267 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
267 
“ISDA Rate” has the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(c)(iv) (ISDA Determination: 2006 
ISDA Definitions) or General Condition 5(c)(iv) (ISDA Determination: 2021 ISDA Definitions), as 
applicable. 
“Issue Date” means, in respect of an issue of Notes, the date specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
“Issue Price” means the price as which the Notes are issued, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Lev” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(e) (Range Accrual Notes). 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means a day on which commercial banks are open for business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London.  
“Lower Range” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(e) (Range Accrual Notes). 
“Lower Range 1” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(e) (Range Accrual Notes). 
“Lower Range 2” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(e) (Range Accrual Notes). 
“Lower Range 3” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(e) (Range Accrual Notes). 
“Manifest Error Cut-off Date” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(g) (Interest 
on Inflation Linked Notes). 
“Margin” means, in respect of any Relevant Rate for a relevant day (including an Interest Payment 
Date) and/or for an Interest Period ending on (but excluding) an Interest Period End Date, the percentage 
rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of such Relevant Rate for such day and/or 
such Interest Period, which shall be preceded with either a “+” (plus) or a “-” (minus) sign, provided that 
if: 
(i) 
the applicable Issue Terms specify Margin to be not applicable in respect of such Relevant Rate, 
it shall be deemed to be equal to zero; or  
(ii) 
if a Rate Table is set out in the applicable Issue Terms, each percentage rate specified in the Rate 
Table in the column entitled “Margin” (which shall be preceded with either a “+” (plus) or a “-” 
(minus) sign) in the row corresponding to such day or corresponding to the date (specified in the 
column “Interest Period End Date(s)”) on which such Interest Period End Date is scheduled to 
fall. 
Where the applicable Issue Terms specify more than one Margin for different Relevant Rates, the Margin 
will be construed to apply to each Relevant Rate for each relevant day (including an Interest Payment 
Date) and/or each Interest Period. 
“Margin 1” means the Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Margin 2” means the Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Margin (Spread Interest Rate)” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(f) (Spread 
Notes). 
“Maturity Date” means, subject as provided, in the case of Credit Linked Notes, in the Credit Linked 
Conditions or in the case of Index Skew Notes, in the Index Skew Conditions, the Scheduled Maturity 
Date. 
“Max” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(e) (Range Accrual Notes).

--- Page 268 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
268 
“Maximum Interest Rate” means, in respect of an Interest Period and/or any relevant day (including 
any Interest Payment Date), the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of 
such Interest Period or day, or, if a Rate Table is set out in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of each 
Interest Period ending on (but excluding) an Interest Period End Date, the amount set forth in the Rate 
Table in the column entitled “Maximum Interest Rate” in the row corresponding to such day or 
corresponding to the date (specified in the column entitled “Interest Period End Date(s)”) on which such 
Interest Period End Date is scheduled to fall. 
“Maximum Redemption Amount” means the amount (if any) specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
“Maximum Reference Rate” means, in respect of an Interest Period and/or any relevant day (including 
any Interest Payment Date), the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of 
such Interest Period or day, or, if a Rate Table is set out in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of each 
Interest Period ending on (but excluding) an Interest Period End Date, the amount set forth in the Rate 
Table in the column entitled “Maximum Reference Rate” in the row corresponding to such day or 
corresponding to the date (specified in the column entitled “Interest Period End Date”) on which such 
Interest Period End Date is scheduled to fall. 
“Method of Floating Rate Determination” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 
5(c)(i) (Interest Amount). 
“Min” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(e) (Range Accrual Notes) and General 
Condition 5(f) (Spread Notes) as applicable. 
“Minimum Interest Rate” means, in respect of an Interest Period and/or any relevant day (including 
any Interest Payment Date), the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of 
such Interest Period or day, or, if a Rate Table is set out in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of each 
Interest Period ending on (but excluding) an Interest Period End Date, the amount set forth in the Rate 
Table in the column entitled “Minimum Interest Rate” in the row corresponding to such day or 
corresponding to the date (specified in the column entitled “Interest Period End Date”) on which such 
Interest Period End Date is scheduled to fall. 
“Minimum Redemption Amount” means the amount (if any) specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
“Minimum Reference Rate” means, in respect of an Interest Period and/or any relevant day (including 
any Interest Payment Date), the amount specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of 
such Interest Period or day, or, if a Rate Table is set out in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of each 
Interest Period ending on (but excluding) an Interest Period End Date, the amount set forth in the Rate 
Table in the column entitled “Minimum Reference Rate” in the row corresponding to such day or 
corresponding to the date (specified in the column entitled “Interest Period End Date”) on which such 
Interest Period End Date is scheduled to fall. 
“Multiplier” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(f) (Spread Notes). 
“Noteholder” means the person in whose name a Registered Note is registered (as the case may be) and 
“holder” means the person in whose name a Registered Note is registered (as the case may be) save that 
for so long as such Notes or any part thereof are represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate 
held by or on behalf of one or more clearing systems, each person (other than one clearing system to the 
extent that it appears on the books of another clearing system) who is for the time being shown in the 
records of the relevant clearing system as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in 
which regard any certificate or other document issued by the relevant clearing system as to the nominal

--- Page 269 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
269 
amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all 
purposes save in the case of manifest error), shall be treated by the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor (where 
the Issuer is CGMHI), the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMFL) and the Agents as the holder 
of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the right to payment 
on such nominal amount or interest (if any) on such Notes, the right to which shall be vested, as against 
the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor (where the Issuer is CGMHI), the CGMFL Guarantor (where the Issuer 
is CGMFL) and each Agent, solely in the person in whose name the Global Registered Note Certificate 
is registered in accordance with and subject to its terms and the provisions of the relevant Global 
Registered Note Certificate and the expressions “holder” and “holder of Notes” and related expressions 
shall (where appropriate) be construed accordingly. 
“Note Valuation Date” means each Specified Note Valuation Date, as adjusted in accordance with 
adjustment provisions below and/or, as applicable, the relevant General Condition or any date deemed 
pursuant to the General Conditions to be a Note Valuation Date.  
“NY Federal Reserve” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
“NY Federal Reserve’s Website” means the website of the NY Federal Reserve at 
http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source. 
“Obligor Regulatory Event” means a determination by the Calculation Agent that, as a result of an 
enactment of, or supplement or amendment to, or a change in, law by a relevant governmental authority 
or a change in policy or interpretation, implementation or application of any relevant laws or regulations, 
including any accord, standard, official communication or recommendation of the Basel Committee on 
Banking Supervision, by any relevant governmental authority or the Issuer and/or where the Issuer is 
CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor and/or where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor (and/or, in 
each case, their respective Affiliates), in each case, on or after the Trade Date, the Issuer and/or where 
the Issuer is CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor and/or where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor 
(and/or, in each case, in respect of paragraphs (i) and (ii) below, their respective Affiliates): 
(i) 
has become subject to less favourable capital adequacy treatment with respect to the Notes;  
(ii) 
suffers or will suffer any increased costs in connection with the Notes, including any costs 
associated with hedging the Notes or costs in maintaining any applicable capital reserves in 
respect of the Notes; or 
would be materially restricted from performing any of its obligations under the Notes and/or, where the 
Issuer is CGMHI, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and/or, where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL 
Deed of Guarantee. 
“Optional Redemption Amount” means, in respect of each Note, an amount specified in, or determined 
in the manner specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Optional Redemption Date” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 6(b)(v) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer). 
“Original Entity” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 15(b) (Substitution of 
CGMFL and/or the CGMFL Guarantor). 
“Outstanding” means, in the context of Notes being outstanding, as of the date of determination all 
Notes authenticated and delivered under the General Conditions prior to such date, except: 
(i) 
Notes cancelled by the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar or delivered to the Fiscal Agent or the 
Registrar for cancellation;

--- Page 270 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
270 
(ii) 
Notes or portions thereof for whose payment or redemption money in the necessary amount has 
been deposited with the Fiscal Agent or any other Paying Agent in accordance with the Fiscal 
Agency Agreement; provided, however, that if such Notes or portions thereof are to be redeemed, 
notice of such redemption has been duly given pursuant to the General Conditions or provision 
therefor satisfactory to the Fiscal Agent has been made; and 
(iii) 
Notes in exchange for or in lieu of which other Notes have been authenticated and delivered 
pursuant to the General Conditions, other than any such Notes in respect of which there shall 
have been presented to the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar proof satisfactory to it that such Notes 
are held by a bona fide purchaser in whose hands such Notes are valid obligations of the Issuer, 
provided, however, that in determining whether the holders of the requisite principal amount or number 
of Notes Outstanding have performed any act hereunder, Notes owned by the Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor or any person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by or 
under direct or indirect common control of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor 
shall be disregarded and deemed not to be Outstanding. Notes so owned that have been pledged in good 
faith may be regarded as Outstanding if the pledgee establishes to the satisfaction of the Fiscal Agent or 
the Registrar the pledgee’s right to act with respect to such Notes and that the pledgee is not the Issuer, 
the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor or any person directly or indirectly controlling or 
controlled by or under direct or indirect common control of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the 
CGMFL Guarantor. 
“Overnight Rate Compounding/Averaging Method” means either the Overnight Rate Compounding 
Method or the Overnight Rate Averaging Method, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Page” means, in respect of a Reference Rate, such display page as may be specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms for the purpose of providing such Reference Rate, or (i) any successor display page, other 
published source, information vendor or provider that has been officially designated by the sponsor of 
the original display page or (ii) if the sponsor has not officially designated a successor display page, 
other published source, information vendor or provider (as the case may be), the successor display page, 
other published source, information vendor or provider, if any, designated by the relevant information 
vendor or provider (if different from the sponsor). 
“Payment Date” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(g) (Interest on Inflation 
Linked Notes). 
“Payment Day” means: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation; and 
(B) 
such jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Business Day Jurisdictions” in the applicable 
Issue Terms and, if “Business Day Jurisdiction” is specified to be or include “TARGET” 
or “TARGET Business Day”, Payment Day shall also be a TARGET Business Day; and 
(ii) 
either: 
(A) 
in relation to any sum payable in a Settlement Currency other than Euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Settlement Currency (which if the

--- Page 271 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
271 
Settlement Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively); or 
(B) 
in relation to any sum payable in Euro, a TARGET Business Day; and 
(iii) 
in the case of any payment in respect of a Global Registered Note Certificate denominated in a 
Settlement Currency other than U.S. dollars and registered in the name of DTC or its nominee 
and in respect of which an accountholder of DTC (with interests in such Global Registered Note 
Certificate) has elected to receive any part of such payment in U.S. dollars, a day on which 
commercial banks are not authorised or required by law or regulation to be closed in New York 
City. 
“PRC” means the People’s Republic of China excluding Hong Kong, the Macau Special Administrative 
Region of the People’s Republic of China and Taiwan. 
“Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity” means, in respect of such Calculation 
Amount, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent as its principal amount plus accrued interest 
(if any), where such accrued interest is determined as the product of the principal amount, an overnight 
interest rate or an achievable market rate of interest for the Settlement Currency and the relevant day 
and a day count fraction customary for calculation of overnight interest in respect of the Settlement 
Currency, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner and acting 
in good faith, and such Early Redemption Amount will be payable on the Maturity Date. 
“Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement” means an amount equal to the product of the total costs of the 
Issuer (for example, and without limitation, structuring costs) paid by the original Noteholder as part of 
the original issue price of the Note and the Relevant Proportion, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Published Average Rate” means: 
(i) 
if the 2006 ISDA Definitions apply, any of the following Floating Rate Options: USD-SOFR 
Average 30D, USD-SOFR Average 90D, USD-SOFR Average 180D, EUR-EuroSTR Average 
1W, EUR-EuroSTR Average 1M, EUR-EuroSTR Average 3M, EUR-EuroSTR Average 6M, 
EUR-EuroSTR Average 12M, JPY-TONA Average 30D, JPY-TONA Average 90D or JPY-TONA 
Average 190D; or 
(ii) 
if the 2021 ISDA Definitions apply, a Floating Rate Option (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions) for which “Style: Published Average Rate” is specified in the Floating Rate Matrix. 
“QIB” means a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A. 
“RA Cap” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(e) (Range Accrual Notes). 
“RA Floor” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(e) (Range Accrual Notes). 
“Range Accrual Notes” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(a) (Types of Interest). 
“Range Accrual Table” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(e) (Range Accrual 
Notes). 
“Rate” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(a) (Types of Interest). 
“Rate Table” means a table specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Rate X” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(f) (Spread Notes). 
“Rate Y” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(f) (Spread Notes).

--- Page 272 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
272 
“Rate Z” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(f) (Spread Notes). 
“Rate Closing Level” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(i) (General Provisions 
relating to all Notes linked to a Rate). 
“Rate Disrupted Day” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(i) (General Provisions 
relating to all Notes linked to a Rate). 
“Rate Scheduled Trading Day” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(i) (General 
Provisions relating to all Notes linked to a Rate). 
“Realisation Disruption Event” means the determination by the Calculation Agent: 
(i) 
either any restrictions or any taxes, charges or other deductions have been imposed by any 
applicable governmental, taxation, judicial or regulatory body on any dealing by any Hedging 
Party in its Hedging Positions such that: 
(A) 
any Hedging Party is or would be materially restricted from continuing to purchase, sell 
or otherwise deal in any Hedging Positions (or to enter into, continue or otherwise 
complete such transactions) and/or is or would be materially restricted from exercising its 
rights, or performing its obligations in respect of any Hedging Positions; 
(B) 
the Issuer is materially restricted from performing its obligations under the Notes and/or 
any Hedging Party is materially restricted from performing its obligations under any 
Hedging Positions; or 
(C) 
the Issuer will (or is likely to) incur a materially increased cost in performing its 
obligations under the Notes and/or any Hedging Party will (or is likely to) incur a 
materially increased cost in performing its obligations under any Hedging Positions; or 
(ii) 
an event has occurred or circumstances exist (including without limitation either any restrictions 
or any charges or deductions imposed by any applicable governmental, judicial or regulatory 
body): 
(A) 
that materially restricts the ability of any Hedging Party to (i) exchange or convert the 
Local Currency for any Settlement Currency or any Settlement Currency for the Local 
Currency through the customary legal channels and/or (ii) deliver any Settlement 
Currency or the Local Currency and/or (iii) transfer the proceeds of the Hedging Positions 
(or any transaction relating to a Hedging Position) (A) between, accounts in the 
jurisdiction of the Local Currency (the “Local Jurisdiction”) and any accounts in the 
jurisdiction of any Settlement Currency or (B) to or from a party that is a non-resident of 
the Local Jurisdiction and/or to a party that is a resident of the jurisdiction of any 
Settlement Currency; and/or 
(B) 
such that any Hedging Party is or would be materially restricted from transferring amounts 
payable under any Hedging Position or in respect of the Notes between (i) the Local 
Jurisdiction and the jurisdiction of a Hedging Party and/or (ii) the jurisdiction of any 
Settlement Currency and the jurisdiction of a Hedging Party; and/or 
(C) 
such that the Calculation Agent’s ability to determine a rate at which the Local Currency 
can be exchanged for any Settlement Currency (or vice versa), for any reason becomes 
restricted, or such determination is otherwise impracticable or such rate is subject to 
material charges or deductions.

--- Page 273 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
273 
The above provisions refer to “materially restricted”, “materially increased” and “material” and any 
determination in respect of “materially” or “material” in respect of any such provision shall be made by 
the Calculation Agent which shall have regard to such circumstances as it deems appropriate. 
“Redenomination Date” means (in the case of interest-bearing Notes) any date for payment of interest 
under the Notes or (in the case of non-interest-bearing Notes) any date, in each case specified by the 
Issuer in the notice given to the Noteholders pursuant to General Condition 13 (Notices) and which falls 
on or after such date as when the country of the Settlement Currency participates in the third stage of 
European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty. 
“RRE Adjustment” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 6(b)(vi)(II)(D)(Reference 
Rate Event Provisions) 
“Reference Banks” means: 
(i) 
if the applicable Issue Terms specify “As specified in General Condition 1(a) (General 
Definitions)”, (a) in the case of a determination of LIBOR, the principal London office of four 
major banks in the London interbank market; (b) in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, 
the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone interbank market; (c) in the 
case of a determination of BBSW, the financial institutions authorised to quote on the Reuters 
Screen BBSW Page; (d) in the case of a determination of BKBM, four major banks in the New 
Zealand money market; or 
(ii) 
in the case of a determination of a Reference Rate other than LIBOR, EURIBOR, BBSW or 
BKBM, the principal office in the Relevant Financial Centre of four major banks in the interbank 
market of the Relevant Financial Centre, in each case selected by the Determination Agent or as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms; or 
(iii) 
such Reference Bank as is specified in the Issue Terms.  
“Reference Currency” means, in the case of a determination of a CMS Reference Rate, the currency 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms corresponding to such CMS Reference Rate. 
“Reference Item” has the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(a) (Types of Interest). 
“Reference Observation” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(e) (Range Accrual 
Notes). 
“Reference Observation 1” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(e) (Range Accrual 
Notes). 
“Reference Observation 2” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(e) (Range Accrual 
Notes). 
“Reference Observation 3” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(e) (Range Accrual 
Notes). 
“Reference Observation Disrupted Day” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(e) 
(Range Accrual Notes). 
“Reference Observation Table” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(e) (Range 
Accrual Notes). 
“Reference Rate” means, in respect of any relevant period or day, the rate defined or specified as a 
“Reference Rate” in the General Conditions or the applicable Issue Terms for such period or day, which

--- Page 274 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
274 
may include, without limitation, any of the following: (a) where “General Screen Rate Determination” 
applies: (i) LIBOR, (ii) EURIBOR, (iii) STIBOR, (iv) NIBOR, (v) CIBOR, (vi) ROBOR, (vii) TIBOR, 
(viii) HIBOR, (ix) BBSW or (x) BKBM, in each case for the relevant period or day, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms; or (b) a Fixed Interest Rate, a Floating Interest Rate, a CMS Interest Rate, a 
CMS Reference Rate, in each case for the relevant period or day, as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, and where more than one Reference Rate is specified, “Reference Rate” shall be construed to 
refer to each rate specified or defined as such in respect of the relevant period or day as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
“Reference Rate Fallback Provision” shall have the meaning given to it in Condition 6(b)(vi)(A)(IX) 
(Regulatory Obligations). 
“Reference Rate 1” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(f) (Spread Notes). or 
General Condition 5(e) (Range Accrual Notes) as applicable. 
“Reference Rate 2” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(f) (Spread Notes). or 
General Condition 5(e) (Range Accrual Notes) as applicable.  
“Regulation S” means Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
“Regulation S Global Registered Note Certificate” means a Global Registered Note Certificate 
representing Notes sold only in offshore transactions outside the United States in reliance on Regulation 
S. 
“Relevant Authority” means: 
(i) 
any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, ministry or department 
thereof); 
(ii) 
any court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority, inter-governmental or 
supranational body; 
(iii) 
any authority or any other entity (private or public) either designated as a resolution authority or 
charged with the regulation or supervision of the jurisdiction where the RMB Settlement 
Currency is the lawful currency; or 
(iv) 
any other authority which is analogous to the entities specified in paragraph (i), (ii) or (iii) of this 
definition. 
“Relevant Clearing System” means Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC and/or such other 
relevant clearing system, as the case may be, through which interests in Notes are to be held and through 
an account at which the Notes are to be cleared, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Relevant Currency” means the currency in respect of payments, as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
“Relevant Date” has the meaning given to it in General Conditions 8(a)(iii), 8(b)(iv) or 9 (Prescription), 
as applicable. 
“Relevant Day” has the meaning given to it in General Conditions 5(c)(ii) (General Screen Rate 
Determination) or 5(c)(iii) (USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination), as applicable. 
“Relevant Due Date” means, in respect of any Note, the date on which payment in respect of it first 
becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on 
which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date seven days after that on

--- Page 275 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
275 
which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further presentation of the Note (or relevant 
Certificate) being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that 
payment is in fact made upon such presentation. 
“Relevant Financial Centre” means: 
(i) 
London, in the case of a determination of LIBOR;  
(ii) 
Brussels, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR;  
(iii) 
Stockholm, in the case of a determination of STIBOR;  
(iv) 
Oslo, in the case of a determination of NIBOR;  
(v) 
Copenhagen, in the case of a determination of CIBOR;  
(vi) 
Bucharest, in the case of a determination in ROBOR;  
(vii) 
Tokyo, in the case of a determination of TIBOR; 
(viii) Hong Kong, in the case of a determination of HIBOR; 
(ix) 
Sydney, in the case of a determination of BBSW;  
(x) 
Wellington, in the case of a determination of BKBM; or 
(xi) 
such other centre as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Relevant Proportion” means a number equal to:  
(i) 
the number of calendar days from, and excluding, the date of determination that the relevant 
Notes will be early redeemed pursuant to and in accordance with the General Conditions 
following the relevant Early Redemption Event(s) to, and including, the Maturity Date of the 
relevant Notes; divided by 
(ii) 
the number of calendar days from, and excluding, the Issue Date of the relevant Notes to, and 
including, the Maturity Date of the relevant Notes.  
“Relevant Rate” means an Interest Rate or a Reference Rate. 
“Relevant Scheduled Payment Date” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(c)(ii) 
(General Screen Rate Determination) in the case of a determination of a Reference Rate other than a 
CMS Reference Rate. In the case of a determination of a CMS Reference Rate, it shall have the meaning 
given to it in General Condition 5(d) (Interest on CMS Rate Notes). 
“Relevant Screen Page” means, in respect of €STR or SARON, where “€STR Screen Rate 
Determination” or “SARON Screen Rate Determination”, respectively, apply, the page, section or other 
part of a particular information service (including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms in relation to such Reference Rate, or other such page, section or other part as 
may replace it on that information service or such other information service, in each case, as may be 
nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of 
displaying rates or prices comparable to such Reference Rate.  
“Relevant Swap Rate” means, if the applicable Issue Terms specify: 
(i) 
“EUR Swap Rate”, the fixed rate under an annual interest rate swap for euro swap transactions 
with a floating leg of euro EURIBOR and for a period of the Designated Maturity (where 
applicable) provided by the relevant administrator;

--- Page 276 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
276 
(ii) 
“GBP Swap Rate”, the fixed rate under a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap for Sterling swap 
transactions with a floating leg of compounded SONIA and for a period of the Designated 
Maturity (where applicable) provided by the relevant administrator; 
(iii) 
“JPY 10:00 Swap Rate”, the 10:00 fixed rate under a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap for 
Yen swap transactions with a floating leg of compounded TONA (being the Tokyo Overnight 
Average Rate, known as TONA) and for a period of the Designated Maturity (where applicable) 
provided by the relevant administrator; 
(iv) 
“JPY 15:00 Swap Rate”, the 15:00 fixed rate under a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap for 
Yen swap transactions with a floating leg of compounded TONA (being the Tokyo Overnight 
Average Rate, known as TONA) and for a period of the Designated Maturity (where applicable) 
provided by the relevant administrator; 
(v) 
“USD LIBOR Swap Rate”, the fixed rate under a semi-annual interest rate swap for U.S. dollar 
swap transactions with a floating leg of U.S. dollar LIBOR and for a period of the Designated 
Maturity (where applicable) provided by the relevant administrator; 
(vi) 
“USD SOFR Swap Rate”, the fixed rate under a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap for U.S. 
dollar swap transactions with a floating leg of compounded SOFR and for a period of the 
Designated Maturity (where applicable) provided by the relevant administrator; and 
(vii) 
“Mid-Market Swap Rate”, the mid-market swap rate as determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with standard market practice."; 
“Relevant Time” means, for the purposes of a determination of a CMS Reference Rate, the time in the 
place specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms corresponding to such CMS Reference Rate. 
“RMB Currency Settlement Cut-Off Date” has the meaning given to that term in General Condition 
6(viii) (Occurrence of an Underlying RMB Currency Event). 
“RMB Determination Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business (including dealings in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) and settle payments in the relevant RMB Settlement 
Centre(s), London and the principal financial centre of the country of the RMB Relevant Currency. 
“RMB Determination Date” means the day which is two RMB Determination Business Days before 
the date of the relevant payment under the Notes. 
“RMB Relevant Currency” means U.S. dollars or such other currency as may be specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
“RMB Relevant Currency Valuation Time” means the time specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
“RMB Relevant Spot Rate Screen Page” means the screen page specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms (or any successor screen page or information provider thereto as determined by the 
Calculation Agent). 
“RMB Settlement Centre” means the financial centre(s) specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms 
in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. If no RMB Settlement Centre is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the RMB Settlement Centre shall be deemed to be Hong Kong.  
“RMB Spot Rate” means the spot CNY/Relevant Currency exchange rate for the purchase of the RMB 
Relevant Currency with Renminbi in the over-the-counter Renminbi exchange market in the relevant

--- Page 277 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
277 
RMB Settlement Centre(s) for settlement in two RMB Determination Business Days, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent at or around the RMB Relevant Currency Valuation Time on the RMB 
Determination Date by reference to the RMB Relevant Spot Rate Screen Page. If such rate is not 
available, the Calculation Agent shall determine the rate taking into consideration all available 
information which the Calculation Agent deems relevant, including pricing information obtained from 
the Renminbi non-deliverable exchange market in the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) or elsewhere 
and the CNY/Relevant Currency exchange rate in the PRC domestic foreign exchange market. All 
notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this definition by the Calculation Agent will (in the 
absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, 
the CGMFL Guarantor the Paying Agents and all Noteholders.  
“Representative Amount” means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant 
market at the relevant time. 
“Revision Cut-off Date” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(g) (Interest on 
Inflation Linked Notes). 
“Rule 144A” means Rule 144A under the Securities Act. 
“Rule 144A Global Registered Note Certificate” means a Global Registered Note Certificate 
representing Notes sold to QIBs pursuant to Rule 144A.  
“SARON”, in respect of any Zurich Banking Day, means the Swiss Average Rate Overnight rate 
administered by SIX Financial Information AG (or any successor administrator) for such Zurich Banking 
Day as provided by the administrator of such rate to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by the 
administrator of SARON or such authorised distributors, in each case at or after 6:00 p.m. (Zurich time) 
(or any amended publication time as specified by the administrator of such rate in the benchmark 
methodology) (or such other publication time as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) on the same 
Zurich Banking Day.  
“SARON Compounding with Lookback” has the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(vii)(B)(I) 
(SARON Screen Rate Determination). 
“SARON Compounding with Observation Period Shift” has the meaning given to it in General 
Condition 5(vii)(B)(I) (SARON Screen Rate Determination). 
“SARON OIS Compounding” has the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(vii)(B)(I) (SARON 
Screen Rate Determination). 
“SARON Rate Cut-Off Date” means the date that is the number of Zurich Banking Days specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms (or if none are specified, the second Zurich Banking Day) prior to the Maturity 
Date or the redemption date, as applicable. 
“Scheduled Maturity Date” means, in respect of an issue of Notes, the date specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms. 
“Scheduled Observation Date” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(e) (Range 
Accrual Notes). 
“Scheduled Trading Day” shall, in respect of Notes linked to more than one Reference Item, have the 
meaning given to it for such Reference Item(s) in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 278 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
278 
“Section 871(m) Event” means that the Issuer and/or, where the Issuer is CGMHI, the CGMHI 
Guarantor and/or where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor and/or, in each case, any Hedging 
Party is (or, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, there is a reasonable likelihood that, within 
the next 30 Business Days, the Issuer and/or, where the Issuer is CGMHI, the CGMHI Guarantor and/or, 
where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Guarantor and/or, in each case, any Hedging Party will 
become) subject to any withholding or reporting obligations pursuant to Section 871(m) of the Code 
with respect to the Notes and/or, where the Issuer is CGMHI, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and/or, 
where the Issuer is CGMFL, the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee, and/or, in each case, where the applicable 
Issue Terms specify that “Section 871(m) Event (Hedging Positions)” is applicable, any Hedging 
Positions.  
“Securities Act” means the United States Securities Act of 1933. 
“Settlement Currency” means, in respect of an issue of Notes, the currency specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms or, if none is specified, the currency in which such Notes are denominated. 
“SOFR” means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the secured overnight 
financing rate in respect of such U.S. Government Securities Day as provided by the NY Federal 
Reserve, as the administrator of such rate (or a successor administrator) on the NY Federal Reserve’s 
Website on or about 5:00 pm (New York time) on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
immediately following such U.S. Government Securities Business Day.  
“SOFR Compounding with Lookback” has the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(v)(A)(IV) 
(SOFR Screen Rate Determination). 
“SOFR Compounding with Observation Period Shift” has the meaning given to it in General 
Condition 5(v)(A)(V) (SOFR Screen Rate Determination). 
“SOFR OIS Compounding” has the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(v)(A)(III) (SOFR 
Screen Rate Determination). 
“SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date” means the date that is the second U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day prior to the Maturity Date or the redemption date, as applicable. 
“SONIA Fallback Provisions” means, collectively, the SONIA Non Index Fallback Provisions and the 
SONIA Index Fallback Provisions. 
“SONIA Floating Rate” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(c)(iv) (SONIA Screen 
Rate Determination). 
“Specified Accrual Cut-Off Date” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(e) (Range 
Accrual Notes). 
“Specified Denomination” means, in respect of a Note, the amount specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
“Specified Fixed Rate” is the percentage rate specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Specified Note Valuation Date” means each date deemed pursuant to the General Conditions to be a 
Specified Note Valuation Date or as specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Specified Time” means: 
(i) 
if the applicable Issue Terms specify “As specified in General Condition 1(a) (General 
Definitions)”

--- Page 279 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
279 
(A) 
in the case of LIBOR, 11.00 a.m.; 
(B) 
in the case of EURIBOR, 11.00 a.m.; 
(C) 
in the case of STIBOR, 11.00 a.m.; 
(D) 
in the case of NIBOR, 12.00 noon; 
(E) 
in the case of CIBOR, 11.00 a.m.; 
(F) 
in the case of ROBOR, 11.00 a.m.; 
(G) 
in the case of TIBOR, 11.00 a.m.; 
(H) 
in the case of HIBOR, 11.00 a.m.; 
(I) 
in the case of BBSW, 10.00 a.m.; 
(J) 
in the case of BKBM, 11.00 a.m., 
in each case in the Relevant Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
the time in the place specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Spread Notes” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(a) (Types of Interest). 
“Spread Cap Margin” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(f) (Spread Notes). 
“Spread Rate 1” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(f) (Spread Notes). 
“Spread Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 
5(f) (Spread Notes). 
“Spread Rate 1 Margin” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(f) (Spread Notes). 
“Spread Rate 2” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(f) (Spread Notes). 
“Spread Rate 2 Interest Participation Rate” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 
5(f) (Spread Notes). 
“Spread Rate 2 Margin” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(f) (Spread Notes). 
“Spread Rate 3” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(f) (Spread Notes). 
“Spread Rate 3 Interest Participation Rate” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 
5(f) (Spread Notes). 
“Spread Rate 3 Margin” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(f) (Spread Notes). 
“SRD Fallback Provisions” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(c) (Interest on 
Floating Rate Notes). 
“Stockholm Banking Day” means a day on which Euroclear Sweden is open for business (including 
the making of payments) in accordance with the Swedish CSD Rules. 
“Substitute” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 15(b) (Substitution of CGMFL 
and/or the CGMFL Guarantor). 
“Substitute or Successor Rate Event” has the meaning given to it in General Condition 
6(b)(vi)(A)(VII) (Adjustments).

--- Page 280 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
280 
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than Euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to Euro, one cent. 
“Swedish Notes” means any Notes governed by Swedish law; 
“Swedish Payment Day” means a day which is a Stockholm Banking Day and: 
(i) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than Euro) a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing 
in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of such 
relevant currency; or 
(ii) 
(in the case of a payment in Euro) a day which is a TARGET Business Day. 
“TARGET Business Day” means a day on which the TARGET2 System is operating. 
“Trade Date” means, in respect of an issue of Notes, the date specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms or, if none is so specified, the Issue Date. 
“Treaty” means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
“UK” means the United Kingdom. 
“Underlying Rate Fallback Provisions” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 
6(b)(vi)(A)(IV). 
“Underlying RMB Currency Event” means the occurrence of any of (i) Underlying RMB Illiquidity; 
(ii) Underlying RMB Inconvertibility and (iii) Underlying RMB Non-Transferability.  
“Underlying RMB Illiquidity” means, subject as provided in the case of Credit Linked Notes in the 
Credit Linked Conditions, the occurrence of any event or circumstance whereby (i) the general Renminbi 
exchange market outside the PRC becomes illiquid (including, without limitation, the existence of any 
significant price distortion) as a result of which the Issuer cannot obtain sufficient Renminbi in order to 
perform its obligations under the Notes (or if applicable, any party to a Hedging Position cannot obtain 
sufficient Renminbi in order to perform its obligations under such Hedging Positions); or (ii) it becomes 
impossible or impractical for the Issuer (or if applicable, any party to a Hedging Position) to obtain a 
firm quote of the exchange rate, in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner. 
“Underlying RMB Inconvertibility” means the occurrence of any event or existence of any condition 
that has the effect of it being impossible, illegal or impracticable for, or has the effect prohibiting, 
restricting or materially delaying the ability of, the Issuer (or, if applicable, any party to a Hedging 
Position) to convert any amount as may be required to be paid by the relevant party on any payment date 
in respect of the Notes or (if applicable) any Hedging Position) into RMB, other than where such 
impossibility, impracticability or illegality is due solely to the failure of the relevant party and/or any of 
their affiliates to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Relevant Authority (unless such 
law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the relevant Series and it is impossible, 
impracticable or illegal for the relevant party and/or any of their affiliates, due to an event beyond the 
control of the relevant party and/or their affiliates, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
“Underlying RMB Non-Transferability” means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible, 
impracticable or illegal for the Issuer (or if applicable, any party to a Hedging Position) and/or any of 
their affiliates to deliver RMB between accounts inside the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) or from 
an account inside the relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) to an account outside such RMB Settlement

--- Page 281 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
281 
Centre(s) (including where the RMB clearing and settlement system for participating banks in the 
relevant RMB Settlement Centre(s) is disrupted or suspended) or from an account outside the relevant 
RMB Settlement Centre(s) to an account inside such RMB Settlement Centre(s), other than where such 
impossibility, impracticability or illegality is due solely to the failure of the relevant party and/or any of 
their affiliates to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Relevant Authority (unless such 
law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue Date of the relevant Series and it is impossible, 
impracticable or illegal for the relevant party and/or any of their affiliates, due to an event beyond the 
control of the relevant party and/or any of their affiliates, as applicable), to comply with such law, rule 
or regulation).  
“Unscheduled Holiday” means, in respect of any day, that such day is not a Business Day and the 
market was not aware of such fact by means of a public announcement until after 09:00 a.m. in the 
relevant Business Centre for the purpose of such Business Day, on the day that is two Business Days 
(not including days that would have been Business Days but for that announcement) prior to that day. 
“Upper Range” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(e) (Range Accrual Notes). 
“Upper Range 1” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(e) (Range Accrual Notes). 
“Upper Range 2” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(e) (Range Accrual Notes). 
“Upper Range 3” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(e) (Range Accrual Notes). 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on 
which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income 
departments of its members be closed for the entire day for the purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities. 
“U.S. person” refers to any person who is (i) a “U.S. person” within the meaning of Regulation S or (ii) 
a “United Sates person” within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30)of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended. 
“U.S. Special Resolution Regime” means the Federal Deposit Insurance Act or Title II of the Dodd-
Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. 
“USD LIBOR SRD Fallback Provisions” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(c) 
(Interest on Floating Rate Notes). 
“Valuation Roll” means the number specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, or if no number is 
so specified, eight. 
“V%” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(f) (Spread Notes). 
“Zero Coupon Notes” shall have the meaning given to it in General Condition 5(a) (Types of Interest). 
“Zurich Banking Day” or “ZBD” means any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Zurich. 
(b) 
Interpretation 
In the Terms and Conditions, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to 
“Euro”, “euro”, “€” or “EUR” are to the single currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the 
European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European 
Union, as amended (the “Treaty”), references to “U.S. dollars”, “U.S.$”, “USD” and “$” are to the 
currency of the United States of America, references to “Yen” are to the currency of Japan, references

--- Page 282 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
282 
to “Renminbi” and “RMB” are to the currency of the PRC and references to “Sterling” and “GBP” are 
to the currency of the UK. 
In the Terms and Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, any election that is specified to 
“apply” means that such election has been specified as “Applicable” in the applicable Issue Terms. 
2. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
Subject as provided below, the Notes are issued in registered form (“Registered Notes”) and in the 
Specified Denomination(s). All Registered Notes shall have the same Specified Denomination. 
Each Registered Note Certificate represents a holding of one or more Registered Notes by the same 
holder (as defined below). The Notes may be Instalment Notes.  
Subject as provided below, title to any Registered Notes shall pass upon registration of the transfer in 
accordance with the provisions of the Fiscal Agency Agreement and as provided in General Condition 3 
(Exchanges and Transfers of Notes). Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required 
by law, the holder of any Note shall be deemed to be and may be treated as the absolute owner of such 
Notes for the purpose of receiving payment thereof or on account thereof and for all other purposes, 
whether or not such Note shall be overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership, theft or loss 
thereof or any writing thereon made by anyone but, in the case of any Global Registered Note Certificate, 
without prejudice to the provisions set out below. 
In the Conditions, “holder” and “Noteholder” means, in the case of Registered Notes, the person in 
whose name a Registered Note is registered provided that, in relation to any Notes represented by a 
Global Registered Note Certificate and in relation to Swedish Notes and Finnish Notes, it shall be 
construed as provided below and in the case of Registered Notes issued by CGMFL, “holder” shall be 
construed as provided in General Condition 3(b) (Transfer of Registered Notes). 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate held on behalf of 
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. (“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, 
Luxembourg”), each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time 
being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular 
principal amount or number of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the principal amount or number of such Notes standing to 
the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest 
error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantors and the Agents as the holder of such principal amount 
or number of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest 
(if any) on such principal amount of such Notes or the termination amount of such Notes, for which 
purpose the registered holder of the relevant Global Registered Note Certificate shall be treated by the 
Issuer, the Guarantors and each Agent as the holder of such principal amount or number of such Notes 
in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Registered Note Certificate, and the 
expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
For so long as the Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) or its nominee is the registered owner or holder 
of a Global Registered Note Certificate, DTC or such nominee, as the case may be, will be considered 
the sole owner or holder of the Notes represented by such Global Registered Note Certificate for all 
purposes under the Fiscal Agency Agreement and the Notes except to the extent that, in accordance with 
DTC’s published rules and procedures, any ownership rights may be exercised by its participants or 
beneficial owners through participants.

--- Page 283 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
283 
Interests in Notes which are represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate will be transferable 
only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of the Relevant Clearing System and 
in accordance with General Condition 3 (Exchanges and Transfers of Notes). 
In the case of Swedish Notes, the following provisions of this General Condition 2 shall apply in lieu of 
the foregoing provisions of this General Condition 2 in the event of any inconsistency: 
Swedish Notes are issued in dematerialised uncertificated book-entry form in accordance with the 
Swedish CSD Rules and in the Specified Denomination(s). 
No global or definitive Swedish Notes will be issued and the General Conditions shall be construed 
accordingly. The Swedish Notes will be transferable only in accordance with the Swedish CSD Rules. 
The person appearing in the register for the Swedish Notes kept by Euroclear Sweden on behalf of the 
Issuer (the “Swedish Notes Register”) will be treated as the “holder” of the relevant Swedish Notes in 
accordance with the Swedish CSD Rules and title to the Swedish Notes passes only by registration in 
the Swedish Notes Register. In the General Conditions, “holder”, in relation to a Swedish Note, means 
the person in whose name such Swedish Note is registered in the Swedish Notes Register. Where a 
nominee (Sw. förvaltare) is so evidenced it shall be treated as the holder of the relevant Swedish Note. 
The Issuer shall have access to the register of creditors (Sw. skuldboken) in respect of the Swedish Notes, 
unless the applicable Issue Terms specify that the Issuer shall not have such access. 
In the case of Finnish Notes, the following provisions of this General Condition 2 shall apply in lieu of 
the foregoing provisions of this General Condition 2 in the event of any inconsistency: 
Notwithstanding the above, the holder of a Finnish Note will be the person in whose name such Finnish 
Note is registered in a book-entry account in the book-entry system of Euroclear Finland (including a 
nominee account holder, as the case may be) in accordance with Finnish laws, rules, regulations, 
decisions and operating procedures applicable to, and/or issued by, Euroclear Finland (“Euroclear 
Finland Rules”) and the terms “Noteholder” and “holder of Notes” shall be construed accordingly. 
Where a nominee is so evidenced it shall be treated as the holder of the relevant Finnish Notes. 
Notwithstanding the above, the Issuer may issue Notes in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry 
form in accordance with the Finnish Act on the Book-Entry System and Clearing Operations (Fin. laki 
arvo-osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta (348/2017, as amended)) and with the Finnish Act on 
the Book-Entry Accounts (Fin. laki arvo-osuustileistä (827/1991, as amended) (“Finnish Notes”). No 
Global Registered Note Certificates representing Finnish Notes will be issued and the Conditions of such 
shall be construed accordingly. Finnish Notes will be transferable only in accordance with the provisions 
of the Finnish Act on the Book-Entry Accounts (Fin. laki arvo-osuustileistä (827/1991, as amended)), 
other applicable Finnish legislation and the rules and regulations applicable to, and/or issued by, 
Euroclear Finland. References in the Conditions to Global Registered Note Certificates shall not apply 
to Finnish Notes. 
3. 
Exchanges and Transfers of Notes 
(a) 
Exchange of Finnish Notes 
Finnish Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Finnish Notes of another 
Specified Denomination.

--- Page 284 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
284 
(b) 
Transfer of Registered Notes 
Subject to General Conditions 3(c) (Transfers of interests in Regulation S Global Registered Note 
Certificates) and 3(d) (Transfers of interests in Rule 144A Global Registered Note Certificates), if 
definitive Registered Notes are issued, one or more of such Registered Notes may be transferred upon 
the surrender of the Registered Note Certificate representing such Registered Notes to be transferred, 
together with the form of transfer endorsed on such Registered Note Certificate duly completed and 
executed, at the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent. In the case of a transfer of part 
only of a holding of Registered Notes represented by one Registered Note Certificate, a new Registered 
Note Certificate in respect of the balance not transferred will be issued to the transferor. In the case of a 
transfer of Registered Notes to a person who is already a holder of Registered Notes, a new Registered 
Note Certificate representing the enlarged holding shall only be issued against surrender of the 
Registered Note Certificate representing the existing holding. 
Each Registered Note certificate will be numbered serially with an identifying number which will be 
recorded in the Register. 
Subject to General Conditions 3(c) (Transfers of interests in Regulation S Global Registered Note 
Certificates) and 3(d) (Transfers of interests in Rule 144A Global Registered Note Certificates), transfers 
of beneficial interests in a Global Registered Note Certificate will be effected by the Relevant Clearing 
System only in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the Fiscal Agency Agreement and, 
in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, indirect participants in such Relevant Clearing Systems 
acting on behalf of beneficial transferors and transferees of such interests. A beneficial interest in a 
Global Registered Note Certificate will only be exchangeable for a definitive Registered Note Certificate 
as described in, and subject to, the provision of such Global Registered Note Certificate and only in 
accordance with the rules and operating procedures for the time being of the Relevant Clearing System 
and in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the Fiscal Agency Agreement. Transfers of 
a Global Registered Note Certificate registered in the name of a nominee for DTC shall be limited to 
transfers of such Global Registered Note Certificate, in whole but not in part, to another nominee of 
DTC or to a successor of DTC or such successor’s nominee. 
(c) 
Transfers of interests in Regulation S Global Registered Note Certificates 
Interests in a Regulation S Global Registered Note Certificate may not be sold, pledged or otherwise 
transferred at any time within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person, 
other than the Issuer or any affiliate thereof. Furthermore, interests in a Regulation S Global Registered 
Note Certificate may not be held otherwise than through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Each 
Regulation S Global Registered Note Certificate, and any Note issued upon exchange, transfer or 
replacement of such Regulation S Global Registered Note Certificate, shall bear a permanent legend 
regarding such restriction on transfer. 
(d) 
Transfers of interests in Rule 144A Global Registered Note Certificates 
Interests in a Rule 144A Global Registered Note Certificate may not be sold, pledged or otherwise 
transferred at any time other than (i) to the Issuer or any affiliate thereof or (ii) to a person the seller 
reasonably believes to be a QIB purchasing (or holding) the Notes for its own account or for the account 
of one or more QIBs in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A and in accordance with any 
applicable securities laws of any State of the United States or any other jurisdiction. Each Rule 144A 
Global Registered Note Certificate, and any Note issued upon exchange, transfer or replacement of such 
Rule 144A Global Registered Note Certificate, shall bear a permanent legend regarding such restriction 
on transfer.

--- Page 285 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
285 
(e) 
Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Notes 
In the case of a partial redemption of a holding of Registered Notes represented by a single definitive 
Registered Note Certificate, a new definitive Registered Note Certificate shall be issued to the holder to 
reflect the balance of the holding not redeemed. New Registered Note Certificates shall only be issued 
against surrender of the existing Registered Note Certificates to the Registrar or any Transfer Agent. In 
the case of a partial redemption of a holding of Registered Notes represented by a Global Registered 
Note Certificate, the Global Registered Note Certificate shall be endorsed to reflect such partial 
redemption. 
(f) 
Delivery of New Registered Note Certificates 
Each new Registered Note Certificate to be issued pursuant to General Condition 3(b) (Transfer of 
Registered Notes) or General Condition 3(e) (Partial Redemption in Respect of Registered Notes) will, 
within three business days (being a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open for 
business in the place of the specified office of the Registrar or the Transfer Agent to whom such form of 
transfer shall have been delivered) of receipt of such form of transfer, be available for delivery at the 
specified office of the Registrar or of the Transfer Agent (as the case may be) to whom such delivery 
shall have been made or, at the option of the holder making such delivery as aforesaid and as specified 
in the relevant form of transfer, be mailed at the risk of the holder entitled to the new Registered Note 
Certificate to such address as may be specified in such form of transfer. 
(g) 
Transfer Free of Charge 
In the case of Notes other than Swedish Notes, transfer and registration of Notes will be effected without 
charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Registrar or the Transfer Agents, but will be subject to the 
payment (or the giving of such indemnity as the Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent may require in 
respect thereof) of any tax or other governmental charges which may be imposed in relation to it. 
(h) 
Closed Periods 
No holder of a Note may require the transfer of a Registered Note to be registered (i) during the period 
of 15 days ending on the due date for redemption of that Note, or the due date for payment of any 
Instalment Amount in respect of that Note, (ii) during the period of 15 days prior to any date on which 
Notes may be called for redemption by the Issuer at its option pursuant to General Condition 6(b)(v) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer), (iii) after any such Note has been called for redemption in 
whole or in part or (iv) during the period of seven days ending on (and including) any Record Date (as 
defined in General Condition 7(a)(ii) (Registered Notes)). 
No holder of a Swedish Note may require the transfer of a Swedish Note to be registered during a period 
which is the equivalent to any such closed period pursuant to the Swedish CSD Rules. 
(i) 
Transfers of Finnish Notes 
Title to Finnish Notes shall pass by transfer from a Noteholder’s book-entry account to another person’s, 
whether legal or individual, book-entry account within Euroclear Finland (except where the Finnish 
Notes are nominee registered and are transferred from one account to another account with the same 
nominee). Notwithstanding any secrecy obligation, the Issuer shall be entitled to obtain information 
(including but not limited to information on Noteholders) from the register (the “Euroclear Finland 
Register”) maintained by Euroclear Finland as registrar (the “Euroclear Finland Registrar”) on behalf 
of the Issuer in accordance with the Euroclear Finland Rules, and Euroclear Finland shall be entitled to 
provide such information to the Issuer notwithstanding any secrecy obligation. Furthermore, the Issuer 
shall, subject to regulations of Euroclear Finland and applicable laws, be entitled to acquire from

--- Page 286 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
286 
Euroclear Finland a list of the holders of Finnish Notes, provided that it is technically possible for 
Euroclear Finland to maintain such a list. The Issuer shall be entitled to pass such information to the 
Finnish Notes Issuing and Paying Agent or to authorise such Agent to acquire such information from 
Euroclear Finland directly. Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, 
the Noteholder of any Finnish Note shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for 
all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest 
in it, or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable for so treating the Noteholder. 
(j) 
Transfer of Swedish Notes 
All transfers of Swedish Notes and entries in the Swedish Notes Register will be made subject to the 
legislation, rules and regulations applicable to, and/or issued by, Euroclear Sweden. Title to Swedish 
Notes will pass by transfer between accountholders of the Euroclear Sweden system, perfected in 
accordance with the Swedish CSD Rules. 
4. 
Status 
(a) 
Status of Notes 
The Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and 
will at all times rank pari passu and rateably among themselves and at least pari passu with all other 
unsecured and unsubordinated outstanding obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be 
preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general application. 
(b) 
Status of the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee in respect of Notes issued by CGMHI 
The obligations of the CGMHI Guarantor under the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee in respect of Notes 
issued by CGMHI constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
CGMHI Guarantor and rank and will at all times at least rank pari passu with all other unsecured and 
unsubordinated outstanding obligations of the CGMHI Guarantor, save for such obligations as may be 
preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general application. 
(c) 
Status of the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee in respect Notes issued by CGMFL 
The obligations of the CGMFL Guarantor under the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee in respect of Notes 
issued by CGMFL constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
CGMFL Guarantor and rank and will at all times at least rank pari passu with all other unsecured and 
unsubordinated outstanding obligations of the CGMFL Guarantor, save for such obligations as may be 
preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general application. 
5. 
Interest 
(a) 
Types of Interest 
The following types of Notes may be issued (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms), each of which 
has a different interest basis: 
(i) 
Notes which do not bear interest and are issued at a discount to their face value (“Zero Coupon 
Notes”); 
(ii) 
Notes which bear interest payable at, or calculated by reference to, one or more of the following: 
(A) 
a fixed rate (“Fixed Rate Notes”); 
(B) 
a floating rate (“Floating Rate Notes”);

--- Page 287 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
287 
(C) 
a CMS rate, which is a swap rate for swap transactions (or if specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the lower of two swap rates or the difference between two swap rates) (“CMS 
Rate Notes”); 
(D) 
a rate (which may be a rate equal, or calculated by reference, to a fixed rate, a floating rate 
or a CMS rate multiplied by an accrual rate) which is determined by reference to the 
number of days in the relevant interest period on which the accrual condition(s) are 
satisfied (“Range Accrual Notes”); 
(E) 
a rate which is to be determined by reference to a spread (“Spread Notes”); 
(F) 
a rate determined by reference to movements in an inflation index (“Inflation Linked 
Notes”); or 
(G) 
any combination of the above. 
Each rate of interest used to calculate the interest payable in respect of Floating Rate Notes, CMS Rate 
Notes, Range Accrual Notes and Spread Notes shall constitute a “Rate”. Each Rate, together with, in 
respect of Inflation Linked Notes, the relevant Inflation Index, shall constitute a “Reference Item” for 
the purpose of calculating interest, and the applicable Issue Terms shall specify which (if any) Reference 
Item applies in respect of a Series of Notes. 
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
The provisions set out in this General Condition 5(b) shall apply to Fixed Rate Notes. 
(i) 
Calculation of Interest Amount 
The calculation of the Interest Amount will depend on whether “Accrual” is specified to be 
applicable to Fixed Rate Notes in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(ii) 
If “Accrual” is applicable to Fixed Rate Notes 
A different Fixed Interest Rate may apply in respect of different Interest Periods and/or Interest 
Payment Dates, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at 
the Fixed Interest Rate(s). Interest will be payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The 
amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Interest Period ending 
on (but excluding) the Interest Period End Date falling on or about such date will be the Interest 
Amount. 
The Fixed Interest Rate for each Interest Period will be equal to the Specified Fixed Rate, plus or 
minus (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) the Margin (if applicable) and multiplied by 
the Interest Participation Rate (if applicable). 
If a Relevant Rate for any period or any relevant day is specified in any other General Condition 
or in the applicable Issue Terms to be a “Fixed Interest Rate”, the Relevant Rate will be 
determined in accordance with this General Condition 5(b)(ii). 
Interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the relevant Fixed Interest Rate 
to: 
(I) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Registered Note 
Certificate, the current aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Fixed Rate Notes 
represented by such Global Registered Note Certificate; or

--- Page 288 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
288 
(II) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, (A) multiplying such product by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and (B) 
where General Condition 5(e) (Range Accrual Notes) applies, multiplying the product calculated 
by (C) the Accrual Interest Rate, and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
relevant Settlement Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention.  
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, 
the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which 
the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further 
rounding.  
(iii) 
If “Accrual” is not applicable to Fixed Rate Notes 
If the applicable Issue Terms specify “Accrual” to be not applicable, the Interest Amount will be 
an amount payable in the Settlement Currency equal to (i) the amount specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms or, (ii) where different amounts are specified in relation to different 
Interest Payment Dates, in respect of each Interest Payment Date, the amount specified in respect 
of such Interest Payment Date or (iii) if an “Interest Table” is set out in the applicable Issue Terms, 
each amount specified in the “Interest Table” in the column entitled “Interest Amount” in the row 
corresponding to the date (specified in the column “Interest Payment Date(s)”) on which such 
Interest Payment Date is scheduled to fall. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
The provisions set out in this General Condition 5(c) shall apply to Floating Rate Notes. 
(i) 
Interest Amount 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at 
the Floating Interest Rate. 
If a Relevant Rate for any period or any relevant day is specified in any other General Condition 
or in the applicable Issue Terms to be a “Floating Interest Rate”, one of: 
(A) 
“General Screen Rate Determination”; 
(B) 
“USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination”; 
(C) 
“SONIA Screen Rate Determination”; 
(D) 
“SOFR Screen Rate Determination”; 
(E) 
“€STR Screen Rate Determination”; or 
(F) 
“SARON Screen Rate Determination”  
(G) 
“ISDA Determination”; 
will be specified as the “Method of Floating Rate Determination” in the applicable Issue Terms, 
and the Relevant Rate for each Interest Period shall be determined in accordance with General 
Condition 5(c)(ii) (General Screen Rate Determination), 5(c)(iii) (USD LIBOR Screen Rate 
Determination), 5(c)(iv) (SONIA Screen Rate Determination), 5(c)(v) (SOFR Screen 
Determination), 5(c)(vi) (€STR Screen Rate Determination), 5(c)(vii) (SARON Screen Rate

--- Page 289 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
289 
Determination), 5(c)(viii) (ISDA Determination: 2006 ISDA Definitions), or 5(c)(ix) (ISDA 
Determination: 2021 ISDA Definitions), as applicable. 
A different Floating Interest Rate may apply in respect of different Interest Periods and/or Interest 
Payment Dates, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms.  
(ii) 
General Screen Rate Determination 
Method of Floating Rate Determination 
Where “General Screen Rate Determination” is the “Method of Floating Rate Determination”, 
the Floating Interest Rate for an Interest Period or a relevant day (such day, a “Relevant Day”) 
will be the Screen Rate for such Interest Period or Relevant Day, plus or minus (as indicated in 
the applicable Issue Terms) the Margin (if applicable), and multiplied by the Interest Participation 
Rate (if applicable). 
For the purposes of this General Condition 5(c)(ii), the “Screen Rate” for any Interest Period or 
any Relevant Day will, subject as provided below, be: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations; or 
(C) 
the rate provided by the relevant administrator, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or appear, as 
the case may be, on the Page as at the Specified Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date 
in respect of such Interest Period or such Relevant Day, all as determined by the Determination 
Agent. If five or more offered quotations are available on the Page, the highest (or, if there is 
more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is 
more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the 
Determination Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided 
below) of such offered quotations. 
Subject as provided in General Condition 6(b)(vi)(A) (Hierarchy Provisions and Adjustments), if 
the Page is not available or if, in the case of (A), no offered quotation appears or, in the case of 
(B), fewer than three offered quotations appear or, in the case of (C), the Reference Rate does not 
appear on the Page and/or the Reference Rate is not provided or published by the relevant 
administrator and/or a relevant authorised distributor or a component of the Reference Rate is not 
provided or published, in each case as at the Specified Time (or by 10.30 a.m. Sydney time in the 
case of BBSW), the Screen Rate shall be determined by the Determination Agent in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner having regard to such sources as it deems appropriate 
and any alternative benchmark then available and taking into account prevailing industry 
standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market) (the “SRD 
Fallback Provisions”). For the avoidance of doubt and without limitation, the Determination 
Agent may determine the relevant Screen Rate by reference to one of the following: 
(A) 
the Reference Rate for the relevant designated maturity (where applicable) published on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date on a different screen page by another authorised 
distributor of the relevant rate; 
(B) 
a rate formally recommended for use by the administrator of the Reference Rate or the 
supervisor or competent authority (or a committee endorsed or convened by any such 
entity) responsible for supervising the Reference Rate or the administrator thereof;

--- Page 290 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
290 
(C) 
the Reference Rate for the relevant designated maturity (where applicable) last provided 
or published by the relevant administrator; or 
(D) 
the arithmetic mean of quotations provided by reference banks selected by the 
Determination Agent on a date determined by the Determination Agent for a representative 
amount (and, where relevant with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap 
market) and, if applicable, for a term equal to the designated maturity, calculated in the 
manner determined by the Determination Agent. 
In the event that the administrator of a relevant Reference Rate amends the methodology of such 
Reference Rate (including, without limitation, amendments to the time of publication of the 
relevant rate), the Determination Agent may, but shall not be required to, make any related or 
consequential changes to the Conditions not otherwise provided for in this Condition (including, 
without limitation, any technical, administrative or operational changes, changes to timing and 
frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and changes to the definition of 
Designated Maturity (where applicable)) that the Determination Agent determines to be 
appropriate in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Determination 
Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible 
or if the Determination Agent determines that no appropriate market practice exists, in such other 
manner as the Determination Agent determines is reasonably necessary). 
In the event that the Screen Rate is subsequently corrected, and the correction (the “Corrected 
Rate”) is published after the original publication but no later than the longer of (a) one hour after 
such original publication and (b) any other period for corrections specified by a relevant 
administrator in its methodology for the relevant Reference Rate, then provided that such 
Corrected Rate is published on or prior to the date falling two Business Days prior to the date on 
which a related payment is scheduled to be made under the Notes (the “Relevant Scheduled 
Payment Date”)), then such Corrected Rate shall be deemed to be the relevant Screen Rate and 
the Determination Agent shall use such Corrected Rate in determining any relevant amount 
payable in respect of the Notes. Any corrections published after the second Business Day prior 
to the Relevant Scheduled Payment Date shall be disregarded for the purposes of determining the 
relevant Screen Rate.  
If a Reference Rate to which “General Screen Rate Determination” applies is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms as being other than LIBOR, EURIBOR, STIBOR, NIBOR, CIBOR, 
ROBOR, TIBOR, HIBOR, BBSW or BKBM, the Screen Rate (and any relevant Reference Rate) 
for any Interest Period or any Relevant Day in respect of such Notes will be determined as 
provided in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If the Screen Rate is determined by the Determination Agent as provided above, the 
Determination Agent shall notify the Calculation Agent and the Issuer of any such Screen Rate 
so determined as soon as reasonably practicable but, in any event, prior to the date on which any 
relevant amount is to be determined. 
The Calculation Agent and the Determination Agent shall not be responsible to the Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor (as applicable) or to any third party as a result of 
the Calculation Agent and/or the Determination Agent (as applicable) having acted on any 
quotation given by any reference bank. 
(iii) 
USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination 
Method of USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination

--- Page 291 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
291 
Where “USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination” is the “Method of Floating Rate 
Determination”, the Floating Interest Rate for an Interest Period or a relevant day (such day, a 
“Relevant Day”) will, subject as provided below, be the Reference Rate plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Issue Terms) the Margin (if applicable), and multiplied by the relevant 
Interest Participation Rate (if applicable). For each Interest Period or each Relevant Day, the 
Reference Rate will equal the rate appearing on the relevant Page at approximately the Specified 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date in respect of such Interest Period or such 
Relevant Day, all as determined by the Determination Agent. 
Subject as provided in General Condition 6(b)(vi)(A) (Hierarchy Provisions and Adjustments), 
the following provisions (the “USD LIBOR SRD Fallback Provisions”) will apply, if the 
Reference Rate cannot be determined on any Interest Determination Date and the Determination 
Agent will determine the Reference Rate as follows: 
(A) 
The Determination Agent (after consultation with the Issuer) will select the Reference 
Banks. 
(B) 
The Determination Agent will request that the Reference Banks provide their offered 
quotations to prime banks in the London interbank market at approximately the Specified 
Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date. These quotations shall be for deposits 
in USD for the period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, 
commencing on the relevant date. Offered quotations must be based on a principal amount 
equal to at least USD 1,000,000.  
(C) 
If: 
(I) 
two or more quotations are provided, the Reference Rate for the relevant Interest 
Period or the Relevant Day will be the arithmetic average of those quotations; or 
(II) 
fewer than two quotations are provided, the Determination Agent, after 
consultation with the Issuer, will select three major banks in New York City and 
follow the steps in the two paragraphs below.  
(1) 
The Determination Agent will determine the Reference Rate for the relevant 
Interest Period or the Relevant Day as the arithmetic average of rates quoted 
by those three major banks in New York City to leading European banks at 
approximately 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date. The rates quoted will be for loans in U.S. dollars for 
the period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate 
commencing on the relevant date. Rates quoted must be based on a principal 
amount of at least USD 1,000,000. 
(2) 
If fewer than three New York City banks selected by the Determination 
Agent are quoting rates, then notwithstanding anything to the contrary in 
the Conditions, the Reference Rate for the relevant Interest Period or the 
Relevant Day will be such rate as is determined by the Determination Agent 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having regard to 
alternative benchmarks then available and taking into account prevailing 
industry standards in any related market (including, without limitation, the 
derivatives market). 
If the Reference Rate is determined by the Determination Agent as provided above, the 
Determination Agent shall notify the Calculation Agent and the Issuer of any such Reference Rate

--- Page 292 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
292 
so determined as soon as reasonably practicable, but in any event, prior to the date on which any 
relevant amount is to be determined. 
The Calculation Agent and the Determination Agent shall not be responsible to the Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as applicable or to any third party as a result of the 
Calculation Agent and/or the Determination Agent (as applicable) having acted on any quotation 
given by any Reference Bank. 
(iv) 
SONIA Screen Rate Determination  
Method of SONIA Screen Rate Determination 
(A) 
Compounded Daily SONIA  
If “SONIA Screen Rate Determination” is the “Method of Floating Rate Determination”, 
the Floating Interest Rate for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below and save 
where “Index Determination” applies, be the Compounded Daily SONIA (the “SONIA 
Floating Rate”) as determined on the relevant Interest Determination Date plus or minus 
(as indicated in the applicable Issue Terms) the Margin (if applicable) and multiplied by 
the Interest Participation Rate (if applicable). 
For the purposes of this General Condition 5(c)(iv)(A), “Compounded Daily SONIA” 
means, in respect of an Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment (with the daily Sterling overnight reference rate as reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards to 
0.0001) where: 
(I) 
if “Compounded Daily SONIA (Shift)” applies: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
365
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) −1] × 365
𝑑 
(II) 
if “Compounded Daily SONIA (Lag)” applies: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖−5𝐿𝐵𝐷× 𝑛𝑖
365
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) −1] × 365
𝑑 
In each case, for the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded 
Daily SONIA only compounds the SONIA rate in respect of any London Banking Day. 
The SONIA rate applied to a day that is not a London Banking Day will be taken by 
applying the SONIA rate for the previous London Banking Day but without compounding. 
For the purposes of the above definition, the following terms have the following meanings: 
“d” means: 
(i) 
if “Compounded Daily SONIA (Shift)” applies, the number of calendar days in the 
relevant Observation Period; and 
(ii) 
if “Compounded Daily SONIA (Lag)” applies, the number of calendar days in the 
relevant Interest Period.

--- Page 293 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
293 
“d0” means: 
(i) 
if “Compounded Daily SONIA (Shift)” applies, the number of London Banking 
Days in the relevant Observation Period; and 
(ii) 
if “Compounded Daily SONIA (Lag)” applies, the number of London Banking 
Days in the relevant Interest Period. “i” means a series of whole numbers from one 
to d0, each representing the relevant London Banking Day in chronological order: 
(i) 
if “Compounded Daily SONIA (Shift)” applies, from, and including, the 
first London Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period to, and 
including, the last London Banking Day in such Observation Period; and 
(ii) 
if “Compounded Daily SONIA (Lag)” applies, from, and including, the first 
London Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period to, and including, the 
last London Banking Day in such Interest Period. 
“ni” means, for any London Banking Day “i”, the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such London Banking Day “i” up to, but excluding, the following London 
Banking Day. 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and 
including, the date falling five London Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest 
Period and ending on, but excluding, the date falling five London Banking Days prior to 
the Interest Period End Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling five London 
Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and 
payable). 
“SONIAi” means in respect of any London Banking Day “i” in the relevant Observation 
Period, means a reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average 
(SONIA) rate (the “SONIA rate”) for such London Banking Day as provided by the 
administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the relevant 
Page or, if such Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors 
(on the London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day). 
“SONIAi-5LBD” means, in respect of any London Banking Day “i” in the relevant Interest 
Period, means a reference rate equal to the SONIA rate for the London Banking Day 
falling five London Banking Days prior to such London Banking Day “i” as provided by 
the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
relevant Page or, if such Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised 
distributors (on the London Banking Day immediately following the London Banking Day 
falling five London Banking Days prior to such London Banking Day “i”). 
∏
 
𝑛
𝑖=1  means the product of the relevant factors up to the amount of n. For example, 
[∏(1 + 𝑋𝑖
365) −1
30
𝑖=1
] 
means  
[(1 + 𝑋1 / 365 ) –  1] × [(1 + 𝑋2 / 365 ) –  1] × … × [(1 + 𝑋30 / 365 ) –  1].

--- Page 294 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
294 
(B) 
Compounded Daily SONIA – Index Determination  
If “SONIA Screen Rate Determination” is the “Method of Floating Rate Determination” 
and “Index Determination” also applies, the Floating Interest Rate for the relevant Interest 
Period will, subject as provided below, be calculated by reference to the screen rate or 
index administered by the administrator of the Sterling Overnight Index Average reference 
rate that is published or displayed by such administrator or other information service from 
time to time at the relevant time on the relevant determination dates specified below (the 
“SONIA Compounded Index”) and the following formula. Such Floating Interest Rate 
will be plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Issue Terms) the Margin (if applicable) 
and multiplied by the Interest Participation Rate (if applicable): 
Compounded Daily SONIA = 
(𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑦
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑥
−1) × 365
𝑑 
where: 
“x” denotes the value of the relevant SONIA Compounded Index determined in relation 
to the day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days prior to the first day of 
the relevant Interest Period; 
“y” denotes the value of the relevant SONIA Compounded Index determined in relation 
to the day falling the Relevant Number of London Banking Days prior to the Final Interest 
Period End Date of the relevant Interest Period; 
“d” is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to which “x” 
is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to which “y” is determined; 
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any calendar day (other than a Saturday and 
Sunday) on which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealing in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; and 
“Relevant Number” is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(C) 
Non-availability 
(I) 
Subject as provided in General Condition 6(b)(vi)(A) (Hierarchy Provisions and 
Adjustments) and save where “Index Determination” applies, the following 
provisions (the “SONIA Non Index Fallback Provisions”) will apply if, in respect 
of any relevant London Banking Day, the Calculation Agent determines that the 
SONIA rate is not available on the relevant Page or has not otherwise been 
published by the relevant authorised distributors. In such circumstances, the 
Calculation Agent will determine such SONIA rate as being: (i)(A) the Bank of 
England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at close of business on such 
day; plus (B) the mean of the spread of the SONIA rate to the Bank Rate over the 
previous five days on which a SONIA rate has been published, excluding the 
highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those 
spreads) and the lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only 
of those spreads) to the Bank Rate, or (ii) if the Bank Rate is not published by the 
Bank of England at close of business on such day, the SONIA rate published on the 
relevant Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for

--- Page 295 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
295 
the first preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA rate was published 
on such Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors). 
Notwithstanding the paragraph immediately above, in the event the Bank of 
England publishes guidance as to (i) how the SONIA rate is to be determined or 
(ii) any rate that is to replace the SONIA rate, the Calculation Agent shall, to the 
extent that it is reasonably practicable, follow such guidance in order to determine 
the SONIA rate for the purpose of the Notes for so long as the SONIA rate is not 
available or has not been published by the authorised distributors. 
(II) 
Subject as provided in General Condition 6(b)(vi)(A) (Hierarchy Provisions and 
Adjustments) and where “Index Determination” is specified as being applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms, the following provisions (the “SONIA Index Fallback 
Provisions”) will apply if in respect of any relevant determination date a SONIA 
Compounded Index value has not been provided or published by or on behalf of 
the relevant administrator (or any successor administrator) or authorised 
distributers or the relevant website is not available. In these circumstances, the 
relevant SONIA Compounded Index value shall be determined by the 
Determination Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
having regard to such sources as it deems appropriate and any alternative 
benchmark then available and taking into account prevailing industry standards in 
any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market). 
In the event that the administrator of SONIA amends the methodology of SONIA 
(including, without limitation, amendments to the time of publication of the relevant rate), 
the Determination Agent may but shall not be required to make any related or 
consequential changes to the Conditions not otherwise provided for in this Condition 
(including, without limitation, any technical, or administrative or operational changes, 
changes to timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest 
and changes to the definition of Designated Maturity (where applicable)) that the 
Determination Agent determines to be appropriate in a manner substantially consistent 
with market practice (or, if the Determination Agent decides that adoption of any portion 
of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Determination Agent 
determines that no appropriate market practice exists, in such other manner as the 
Determination Agent determines is reasonably necessary). 
(v) 
SOFR Screen Rate Determination  
Method of SOFR Screen Rate Determination 
(A) 
Compounded Daily SOFR 
If “SOFR Screen Rate Determination” is the “Method of Floating Rate Determination”, 
the Floating Interest Rate for an Interest Period will be the relevant SOFR Floating Rate 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Issue Terms) the Margin (if applicable) 
multiplied by the Interest Participation Rate (if applicable). 
The “SOFR Floating Rate” will be determined based on SOFR OIS Compounding, 
SOFR Compounding with Lookback or SOFR Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift, as follows:

--- Page 296 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
296 
(III) 
if SOFR OIS Compounding (“SOFR OIS Compounding”) applies, the SOFR 
Floating Rate for each Interest Period shall be equal to the rate of return of a daily 
compound SOFR interest investment calculated in accordance with the following 
formula (with the resulting percentage rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards 
to 0.00001): 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
]  𝑥360
𝑑 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
“d0” means, for any Interest Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from, and including, 
the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
“ni” means for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant 
Interest Period, the number of calendar days from, and including, such day “i” up 
to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (“i+1”); 
and 
“SOFRi”, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant 
Interest Period, is equal to SOFR in respect of that day.  
If SOFR OIS Compounding applies, for the purposes of calculating the SOFR 
Floating Rate with respect to the final Interest Period, the level of SOFR for each 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the period from (and including) the 
SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the redemption 
date, as applicable, shall be the level of SOFR in respect of such SOFR Rate Cut-
Off Date.  
(IV) 
if SOFR Compounding with Lookback (“SOFR Compounding with Lookback”) 
applies, the SOFR Floating Rate for each Interest Period shall be equal to the rate 
of return of a daily compound SOFR interest investment calculated in accordance 
with the following formula (with the resulting percentage rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖−𝑥𝑈𝑆𝐵𝐷 × 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
]  𝑥360
𝑑 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
“d0” means, for any Interest Period, the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Period;

--- Page 297 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
297 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from, and including, 
the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
“Lookback Days” means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
“ni” means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Interest Period, the number of calendar days from, and including, such day "i" up 
to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (“i+1”); 
“SOFRi”, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Interest Period, is equal to SOFR in respect of that day; and 
“SOFRi-xUSBD”, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the 
relevant Interest Period, is equal to SOFR in respect of the U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days falling a number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days prior to that day “i” equal to the number of Lookback Days. 
(V) 
if SOFR Compounding with Observation Period Shift (“SOFR Compounding 
with Observation Period Shift”) applies, the SOFR Floating Rate for each 
Interest Period shall be equal to the rate of return of a daily compound SOFR 
interest investment calculated in accordance with the following formula (with the 
resulting percentage rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth 
of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
]  𝑥360
𝑑 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“d0” means, for any Observation Period, the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from, and including, 
the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Observation 
Period; 
“ni” means, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “” in the relevant 
Observation Period, the number of calendar days from, and including, such day “” 
up to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
(“i+1”); 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Period, the period from, 
and including, the date falling a number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the first day of such Interest 
Period to, but excluding, the date falling a number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the Interest Period 
End Date for such Interest Period;

--- Page 298 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
298 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms; and 
“SOFRi”, for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in the relevant 
Observation Period, is equal to SOFR in respect of that day.  
If Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
for any of SOFR OIS Compounding, SOFR Compounding with Lookback or SOFR 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift, the Daily Capped Rate and the Daily 
Floored Rate are the rates specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(B) 
Compounded Daily SOFR – Index Determination  
If “SOFR Screen Rate Determination” is the “Method of Floating Rate Determination” 
and “Index Determination” also applies, the Floating Interest Rate for the relevant Interest 
Period will, subject as provided below, be calculated by reference to the following formula 
and based on the SOFR Index (as defined below) and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded if necessary to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point e.g., 
9.876541% (or .09876541) being rounded down to 9.87654% (or .0987654) and 
9.876545% (or .09876545) being rounded up to 9.87655% (or .0987655). Such Floating 
Interest Rate will be plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Issue Terms) the Margin 
(if any) and multiplied by the Interest Participation Rate (if any): 
Compounded Daily SOFR = 
( 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) × (360
𝑑𝑐
) 
where: 
“Relevant Number” is as specified in the relevant Issue Terms; 
“SOFR IndexStart” is the SOFR Index value for the day which is the Relevant Number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the first date of the relevant Interest 
Period; 
“SOFR IndexEnd” is the SOFR Index value for the day which is the Relevant Number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the relevant Final Interest Period 
End Date; 
“SOFR Index” means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the 
SOFR Index value as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the 
administrator of such index (or any successor administrator of index) as such index 
appears on the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York at 
http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website or the website of any successor 
administrator for the publication of such index at 3:00 pm New York City time; 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” or “USBD” means any day, except for a 
Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association (or any successor) recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities; and

--- Page 299 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
299 
“dc” is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation to which 
SOFR IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to which SOFR 
IndexEnd is determined. 
(C) 
Non-availability 
Subject as provided in General Condition 6(b)(vi)(A) (Hierarchy Provisions and 
Adjustments), the following provisions (the “SOFR Fallback Provisions”) will apply if 
in respect of any relevant determination date a SOFR or SOFR Index value, as applicable, 
has not been provided or published by or on behalf of the relevant administrator (or any 
successor administrator) or authorised distributers or the relevant website is not available. 
In these circumstances, the relevant SOFR or SOFR Index value, as applicable, shall be 
determined by the Determination Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner having regard to such sources as it deems appropriate and any alternative 
benchmark then available and taking into account prevailing industry standards in any 
related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market). 
In the event that the administrator of SOFR amends the methodology of SOFR (including, 
without limitation, amendments to the time of publication of the relevant rate), the 
Determination Agent may but shall not be required to make any related or consequential 
changes to the Conditions not otherwise provided for in this Condition (including, without 
limitation, any technical, administrative or operational changes, changes to timing and 
frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and changes to the 
definition of Designated Maturity (where applicable)) that the Determination Agent 
determines to be appropriate in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, 
if the Determination Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is 
not administratively feasible or if the Determination Agent determines that no appropriate 
market practice exists, in such other manner as the Determination Agent determines is 
reasonably necessary).  
(vi) 
€STR Screen Rate Determination 
Method of €STR Screen Rate Determination 
(A) 
If “€STR Screen Rate Determination” is the “Method of Floating Rate Determination”, 
the Floating Interest Rate for an Interest Period will be the relevant €STR Floating Rate 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Issue Terms) the Margin (if applicable) 
multiplied by the Interest Participation Rate (if applicable). 
(B) 
The “€STR Floating Rate” will be determined based on €STR OIS Compounding, €STR 
Compounding with Lookback or €STR Compounding with Observation Period Shift, as 
follows: 
(I) 
where €STR OIS Compounding (“€STR OIS Compounding”) applies, the €STR 
Floating Rate for each Interest Period shall be equal to the rate of return of a daily 
compound €STR interest investment calculated in accordance with the following 
formula (with the resulting percentage rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards to 0.0001): 
(∏(1 +
€STR𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) ×
360
𝑑

--- Page 300 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
300 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
“d0” means, for any Interest Period, the number of TARGET Settlement Days in 
the relevant Interest Period; 
“€STRi” for any TARGET Settlement Day “i” in the relevant Interest Period, is 
equal to €STR in respect of that day “i”; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
TARGET Settlement Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
TARGET Settlement Day in the relevant Interest Period; and 
“ni” for any TARGET Settlement Day “i” in the relevant Interest Period, means the 
number of calendar days from, and including, such day “i” up to, but excluding, 
the following TARGET Settlement Day (“i+1”). 
If €STR OIS Compounding applies, for the purposes of calculating €STR with 
respect to the final Interest Period, the level of €STR for each TARGET Settlement 
Day in the period from (and including) the €STR Rate Cut-Off Date to (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date or the redemption date, as applicable, shall be the 
level of €STR in respect of such €STR Rate Cut-Off Date. 
(II) 
if €STR Compounding with Lookback (“€STR Compounding with Lookback”) 
applies, the €STR Floating Rate for each Interest Period shall be equal to the rate 
of return of a daily compound €STR interest investment calculated in accordance 
with the following formula (with the resulting percentage rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards to 0.0001): 
(∏(1 + €STR𝑖−pTBD × 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) × 360
𝑑 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
“d0” means, for any Interest Period, the number of TARGET Settlement Days in 
the relevant Interest Period; 
“€STRi-pTBD” for any TARGET Settlement Day “i” in the relevant Interest Period, 
is equal to €STR in respect of the TARGET Settlement Day falling a number of 
TARGET Settlement Days prior to that day “i” equal to the number of Lookback 
Days; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
TARGET Settlement Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
TARGET Settlement Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
“Lookback Days” means the number of TARGET Settlement Days specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms; and

--- Page 301 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
301 
“ni” for any TARGET Settlement Day “i” in the relevant Interest Period, means the 
number of calendar days from, and including, such day “i” up to, but excluding, 
the following TARGET Settlement Day (“i+1”). 
(III) 
if €STR Compounding with Observation Period Shift (“€STR Compounding with 
Observation Period Shift”) applies, the €STR Floating Rate for each Interest 
Period shall be equal to the rate of return of a daily compound €STR interest 
investment calculated in accordance with the following formula (with the resulting 
percentage rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage 
point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards to 0.0001): 
(∏(1 +
€STR𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) ×
360
𝑑 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“d0” means, for any Observation Period, the number of TARGET Settlement Days 
in the relevant Observation Period; 
“€STRi” for any TARGET Settlement Day “i” in the relevant Observation Period, 
is equal to €STR in respect of that day “i”; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
TARGET Settlement Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
TARGET Settlement Day in the relevant Observation Period; 
“ni” means, for any TARGET Settlement Day “i” in the relevant Observation 
Period, the number of calendar days from, and including, such day “i” up to, but 
excluding, the following TARGET Settlement Day (“i+1”); 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Period, the period from, 
and including, the date falling a number of TARGET Settlement Days equal to the 
Observation Shift Days preceding the first day of such Interest Period to, but 
excluding, the date falling a number of TARGET Settlement Days equal to the 
Observation Shift Days preceding the Interest Period End Date for such Interest 
Period; and 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of TARGET Settlement Days 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
If Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
for any of SOFR OIS Compounding, SOFR Compounding with Lookback or SOFR 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift, the Daily Capped Rate and the Daily 
Floored Rate are the rates specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
For the purposes of this General Condition 5(c)(vi), if €STR in respect of any TARGET 
Settlement Day (the “Relevant TARGET Settlement Day”) is not published on the 
Relevant Screen Page or by an authorised distributor, and is not otherwise provided by the 
administrator of €STR, by either (A) the immediately following TARGET Settlement Day 
(or any amended publication day for €STR as specified by the administrator of €STR in 
the €STR benchmark methodology) or (B) such other date and time on which €STR for

--- Page 302 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
302 
the Relevant TARGET Settlement Day is required for the purpose of any determination 
pursuant to the Conditions and, in either case, subject as provided in General Condition 
6(b)(vi)(A) (Hierarchy Provisions and Adjustments) and notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in the Conditions, €STR for the Relevant TARGET Settlement Day shall be 
deemed to be the rate equal to €STR for the most recent TARGET Settlement Day in 
respect of which €STR was so published or provided. 
(vii) SARON Screen Rate Determination  
Method of SARON Screen Rate Determination 
(A) 
If “SARON Screen Rate Determination” is the “Method of Floating Rate Determination”, 
the Floating Interest Rate for an Interest Period will be the relevant SARON Floating Rate 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Issue Terms) the Margin (if applicable) and 
multiplied by the Interest Participation Rate (if applicable). 
(B) 
The “SARON Floating Rate” will be determined based on SARON OIS Compounding, 
SARON Compounding with Lookback or SARON Compounding with Observation 
Period Shift, as follows: 
(I) 
if SARON OIS Compounding (“SARON OIS Compounding”) applies, the 
SARON Floating Rate for each Interest Period shall be equal to the rate of return 
of a daily compound SARON interest investment calculated in accordance with the 
following formula (with the resulting percentage rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards to 0.0001): 
(∏(1 +
SARON𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) ×
360
𝑑 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
“d0” means, for any Interest Period, the number of Zurich Banking Days in the 
relevant Interest Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
Zurich Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Zurich 
Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
“ni” means, for any Zurich Banking Day “i” in the relevant Interest Period, the 
number of calendar days from, and including, such day "i" up to, but excluding, 
the following Zurich Banking Day (“i+1”); and 
“SARONi” for any Zurich Banking Day “i” in the relevant Interest Period, is equal 
to SARON in respect of that day “i”. 
Where “SARON OIS Compounding” applies, for the purposes of calculating 
SARON with respect to the final Interest Period, the level of SARON for each 
Zurich Banking Day in the period from (and including) the SARON Rate Cut-Off 
Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the redemption date, as applicable, 
shall be the level of SARON in respect of such SARON Rate Cut-Off Date.

--- Page 303 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
303 
(II) 
if SARON Compounding with Lookback (“SARON Compounding with 
Lookback”) applies, the SARON Floating Rate for each Interest Period shall be 
equal to the rate of return of a daily compound SARON interest investment 
calculated in accordance with the following formula (with the resulting percentage 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, 
with 0.00005 being rounded upwards to 0.0001): 
(∏(1 + SARON𝑖−xZBD × 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) × 360
𝑑 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; 
“d0” means, for any Interest Period, the number of Zurich Banking Days in the 
relevant Interest Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
Zurich Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Zurich 
Banking Day in the relevant Interest Period; 
“Lookback Days” means the number of Zurich Banking Days specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms; 
“ni” means, for any Zurich Banking Day “i” in the relevant Interest Period, the 
number of calendar days from, and including, such day “i” up to, but excluding, 
the following Zurich Banking Day (“i+1”); and 
“SARONi-xZBD ” for any Zurich Banking Day “i” in the relevant Interest Period, is 
equal to SARON in respect of the Zurich Banking Day falling a number of Zurich 
Banking Days prior to that day “i” equal to the number of Lookback Days.  
(III) 
if 
SARON 
Compounding 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
(“SARON 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift”) is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the SARON Floating Rate for each Interest Period shall be equal to the rate 
of return of a daily compound SARON interest investment calculated in accordance 
with the following formula (with the resulting percentage rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards to 0.0001): 
(∏(1 +
SARON𝑖× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
) ×
360
𝑑 
where: 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
“d0” means, for any Observation Period, the number of Zurich Banking Days in 
the relevant Observation Period; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
Zurich Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Zurich 
Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period;

--- Page 304 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
304 
“ni” means, for any Zurich Banking Day “i” in the relevant Observation Period, 
the number of calendar days from, and including, such day “i” up to, but excluding, 
the following Zurich Banking Day (“i+1”); 
“Observation Period” means, in respect of each Interest Period, the period from, 
and including, the date falling a number of Zurich Banking Days equal to the 
Observation Shift Days preceding the first day of such Interest Period to, but 
excluding, the date falling a number of Zurich Banking Days equal to the 
Observation Shift Days preceding the Interest Period End Date for such Interest 
Period; 
“Observation Shift Days” means the number of Zurich Banking Days specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms; and 
“SARONi” for any Zurich Banking Day “i” in the relevant Observation Period, is 
equal to SARON in respect of that day “i”. 
If Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate is specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
for any of SOFR OIS Compounding, SOFR Compounding with Lookback or SOFR 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift, the Daily Capped Rate and the Daily 
Floored Rate are the rates specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
For the purposes of this General Condition 5(c)(vii) (SARON Screen Rate Determination), 
if SARON in respect of any Zurich Banking Day (the “Relevant Zurich Banking Day”) 
is not published on the Relevant Screen Page or by an authorised distributor, and is not 
otherwise provided by the administrator of SARON, by either (A) that Zurich Banking 
Day (or any amended publication day for SARON as specified by the administrator of 
SARON in the SARON benchmark methodology) or (B) such other date and time on 
which SARON for the Relevant Zurich Banking Day is required for the purpose of any 
determination pursuant to the Conditions and, in either case, subject as provided in 
General Condition 6(b)(vi)(A) (Hierarchy Provisions and Adjustments) and 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, SARON for the Relevant 
Zurich Banking Day shall be deemed to be the rate equal to SARON for the most recent 
Zurich Banking Day in respect of which SARON was so published or provided. 
(viii) ISDA Determination: 2006 ISDA Definitions 
Method of ISDA Determination: 2006 ISDA Definitions 
Where “ISDA Determination: 2006 ISDA Definitions” is the “Method of Floating Rate 
Determination”, the Floating Interest Rate for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Issue Terms) the Margin (if applicable) and 
multiplied by the Interest Participation Rate (if applicable).  
For the purposes of this General Condition 5(c)(viii), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Period means 
the rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Determination Agent in respect 
of an equivalent period under an interest rate swap transaction if the Determination Agent were 
acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms (provided that if 
such rate is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, the provisions set out in General Condition 
5(c)(viii)(A) (Provisions relating to Overnight Floating Rates) below may also apply and

--- Page 305 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
305 
if such rate is an Index Floating Rate Option, the provisions set out in General Condition 
5(c)(viii)(A) (Provisions relating to Index Floating Rate Options) below may also apply);  
(b) 
the Designated Maturity (if applicable) is a period specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
(provided that Designated Maturity shall not apply to the Floating Rate Options that are 
Overnight Floating Rate Options and, for the avoidance of doubt, Designated Maturity 
may or may not apply to the other Floating Rate Options); 
(c) 
the relevant Reset Date is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms;  
(d) 
“Average Rate Fixing Day” shall be not applicable, unless the relevant Floating Rate 
Option is a Published Average Rate in which case it shall be as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms; 
(e) 
Section 8.3 (Linear Interpolation) of the 2006 ISDA Definitions shall only apply if 
Designated Maturity and “2006 ISDA Definitions Linear Interpolation” both apply 
(provided that Section 8.3 (Linear Interpolation) shall not apply to Floating Rate Options 
that are Overnight Floating Rate Options); 
(f) 
if “Floored Interest Amount” applies, then the Floating Interest Rate shall be equal to the 
higher of: 
(I) 
the ISDA Rate: 
(1) 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Issue Terms) the relevant 
Margin (if applicable); 
(2) 
multiplied by the Interest Participation Rate (if applicable); and  
(II) 
0 per cent.; and 
(g) 
if “Floored ISDA Rate” applies, then the Floating Interest Rate shall be equal to 
(I) 
the higher of (x) the ISDA Rate and (y) 0 per cent.: 
(II) 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Issue Terms) the relevant Margin (if 
applicable)); 
(III) 
multiplied by the Interest Participation Rate (if applicable). 
If the Determination Agent determines that the ISDA Rate for an Interest Period cannot be 
determined in accordance with the 2006 ISDA Definitions (before application of any provisions 
relating to an index cessation event (howsoever described) or other permanent cessation fallback 
provisions in the 2006 ISDA Definitions (including, where applicable, such fallbacks set out in 
any supplement to the 2006 Definitions and, for the avoidance of doubt, any Discontinued Rates 
Maturities provisions (as set out in the 2006 ISDA Definitions)) read with the above provisions, 
then, subject as provided in General Condition 6(b)(vi)(A) (Hierarchy Provisions and 
Adjustments) and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, the ISDA Rate for 
such Interest Period shall be such rate as is determined by the Determination Agent in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner (having regard to alternative benchmarks then available 
and taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, without 
limitation, the derivatives market). 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in this General Condition 5(c)(viii) and all terms used 
for the purpose of determining the relevant ISDA Rate have the meanings given to those terms in

--- Page 306 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
306 
the 2006 ISDA Definitions, unless otherwise specified in the Conditions, and the date on which 
any ISDA Rate is to be determined shall be an Interest Determination Date. 
(A) 
Provisions relating to Overnight Floating Rates 
This General Condition 5(c)(viii)(A) applies if (i) the Floating Rate Option is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms to be an Overnight Floating Rate Option and (ii) an Overnight 
Rate Compounding/Averaging Method also applies.  
In such case, the rate for a Reset Date will be determined using the applicable Overnight 
Floating Rate Option in accordance with such Overnight Rate Compounding/Averaging 
Method. 
(I) 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method 
If the Overnight Rate Compounding Method is specified as the applicable 
Overnight Rate Compounding/Averaging Method, one of the following options 
will be elected in the applicable Issue Terms as the applicable Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method: 
(1) 
OIS Compounding (for which purpose, “Delayed Payment” is applicable if 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms); 
(2) 
Compounding with Lookback (for which purpose, Lookback is the number 
of Applicable Business Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms); 
(3) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift (for which purpose, (a) Set-
in-Advance is applicable if specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, 
(b) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift 
Business Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms and (c) Observation 
Period Shift Additional Business Days are the days, if any, specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms); or 
(4) 
Compounding with Lockout (for which purpose, (a) Lockout is the number 
of Lockout Period Business Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
and (b) Lockout Period Business Days are the days specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms). 
If Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms for any Overnight Rate Compounding Method, the Daily Capped Rate and 
the Daily Floored Rate are the rates specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
The relevant Day Count Basis is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(II) 
Overnight Rate Averaging Method 
If Overnight Rate Averaging Method is specified as the applicable Overnight Rate 
Compounding/Averaging Method, one of the following options will be elected in 
the applicable Issue Terms as the applicable Overnight Rate Averaging Method: 
(1) 
Overnight Averaging (for which purpose, “Delayed Payment” is applicable 
if specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms); 
(2) 
Averaging with Lookback (for which purpose, Lookback is the number of 
Applicable Business Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms);

--- Page 307 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
307 
(3) 
Averaging with Observation Period Shift (for which purpose, (a) Set-in-
Advance is applicable if specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, (b) 
Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift 
Business Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms and (c) Observation 
Period Shift Additional Business Days are the days, if any, specified as such 
in the applicable Issue Terms); or 
(4) 
Averaging with Lockout (for which purpose, (a) Lockout is the number of 
Lockout Period Business Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms and 
(b) Lockout Period Business Days are the days specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms). 
If Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms for any Overnight Rate Averaging Method, the Daily Capped Rate and the 
Daily Floored Rate are the rates specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(B) 
Provisions relating to Index Floating Rate Options 
This General Condition 5(c)(viii)(B) applies if (i) the Floating Rate Option is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms to be an Index Floating Rate Option and (ii) an Index Method 
also applies. 
In such case, the rate for a Reset Date will be determined using the applicable Index 
Floating Rate Option in accordance with such Index Method, being one of the following 
methods as specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(I) 
Compounded Index Method; or 
(II) 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift (for which purpose (a) 
Set-in-Advance is applicable if specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, (b) 
Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms and (c) Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days are the days, if any, specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms); 
or 
(III) 
All-In Compounded Index Method. 
The relevant Day Count Basis is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(C) 
References in the 2006 ISDA Definitions 
In connection with any Overnight Rate Compounding/Averaging Method or Index 
Method specified in the applicable Issue Terms, references in the 2006 ISDA Definitions 
to: 
(I) 
numbers, financial centres or other items specified in the Confirmation shall be 
deemed to be references to the numbers, financial centres or other items specified 
for such purpose in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(II) 
“Business Day in the financial centres, if any, specified for such purpose in the 
Confirmation” shall be deemed to be references to Business Day; 
(III) 
“Calculation Period” shall be deemed to be references to the relevant Interest 
Period;

--- Page 308 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
308 
(IV) 
“Floating Rate Day Count Fraction” shall be deemed to be references to Day Count 
Fraction; 
(V) 
“Payment Date” shall be deemed to be references to the relevant date of payment 
of any interest to the Noteholders; 
(VI) 
“Period End Date” shall be deemed to be references to the relevant Interest Period 
End Date; 
(VII) “Termination Date” shall be deemed to be references to the Maturity Date; 
(VIII) “Effective Date” shall be deemed to be references to the Interest Commencement 
Date; and 
(IX) 
“Confirmation” shall be deemed to be references to the applicable Issue Terms. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 2006 ISDA Definitions:  
(I) 
any requirement under the 2006 ISDA Definitions for the Calculation Agent (under 
the 2006 ISDA Definitions): (i) to give notice of a determination made by it to any 
other party will be deemed to be a requirement for the Determination Agent to 
provide an equivalent notice to the Issuer; and (ii) consult with the other party or 
the parties will be deemed to be a requirement for the Determination Agent to 
consult with the Issuer. Any such notice or consultation may be given or carried 
out orally or in writing (including by electronic mail or communications). In 
addition the right of any under the 2006 ISDA Definitions to require the Calculation 
Agent (under the 2006 ISDA Definitions) to take any action or fulfil any 
responsibility will be deemed to be solely the right of the Issuer to require this of 
the Determination Agent in its discretion and no Noteholder will have any right to 
require the Issuer to do this or to direct the Determination Agent in this regard; 
(II) 
where the 2006 ISDA Definitions require agreement between the parties to the 
relevant transaction, the parties will be deemed to have been unable to reach 
agreement and the fallback applicable in such circumstances will be deemed to 
apply; and 
(III) 
in the event that the Determination Agent determines that any day on which an 
ISDA Rate is determined under the 2006 ISDA Definitions is less than two 
Business Days prior to the relevant date originally scheduled for payment, the 
Determination Agent may determine that such date for payment be delayed to a 
date falling not more than two Business Days after the relevant day. 
If any adjustment, fallback, modification, correction or replacement of a relevant rate applies 
pursuant to the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the interest rate swap transaction thereunder then, in 
relation thereto, the Determination Agent may but shall not be required to (i) if it would not 
otherwise apply in relation to the determination of the ISDA Rate in accordance with the above 
provisions, take into account any such adjustment, fallback, modification, correction or 
replacement (including by reference to the hedging arrangements for the relevant Notes, in 
determining the relevant ISDA Rate and (ii) make any related or consequential changes to the 
Conditions not otherwise provided for in this General Condition 5(c)(viii) (including, without 
limitation, any technical, administrative or operational changes, changes to the definition of 
Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and 
changes to the definition of Designated Maturity (where applicable)) that the Determination

--- Page 309 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
309 
Agent determines to be appropriate in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, 
if the Determination Agent decides that the adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the Determination Agent determines that no appropriate market 
practice exists in such other manner as the Determination Agent determines is reasonably 
necessary). 
(ix) 
ISDA Determination: 2021 ISDA Definitions 
Method of ISDA Determination: 2021 ISDA Definitions 
Where “ISDA Determination: 2021 ISDA Definitions” is the “Method of Floating Rate 
Determination”, the Floating Interest Rate for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Issue Terms) the Margin (if applicable) and 
multiplied by the Interest Participation Rate (if applicable). 
For the purposes of this General Condition 5(c)(ix), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Period means 
the rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Determination Agent in respect 
of an equivalent period under an interest rate swap transaction if the Determination Agent were 
acting as Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the 2021 ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms (provided that if 
such rate is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, the provisions set out in General Condition 
5(c)(ix)(A) (Provisions relating to Overnight Floating Rates) below may also apply and 
if such rate is an Index Floating Rate Option, the provisions set out in General Condition 
5(c)(ix)(B) (Provisions relating to Index Floating Rate Options) below may also apply);  
(b) 
the Designated Maturity (if applicable) is a period specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
(provided that Designated Maturity shall not apply to Floating Rate Options that are 
Overnight Floating Rate Options and, for the avoidance of doubt, Designated Maturity 
may or may not apply to the other Floating Rate Options); 
(c) 
the relevant Reset Date is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(d) 
the Fixing Day is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms;  
(e) 
the Fixing Time is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(f) 
“Interest Period End Date/Maturity Date adjustment for Unscheduled Holiday” will apply 
if specified in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(g) 
Successor Benchmark and Successor Benchmark Effective Date will be as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms;  
(h) 
Section 6.10 (Linear Interpolation) of the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall only apply if 
Designated Maturity and “2021 ISDA Definitions Linear Interpolation” both apply, for 
which purpose only, Non-Representative will apply if specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms (provided that Section 6.10 (Linear Interpolation) shall not apply to Floating Rate 
Options that are Overnight Floating Rate Options); 
(i) 
if “Floored Interest Amount” applies, then the Floating Interest Rate shall be equal to the 
higher of: 
(I) 
the ISDA Rate:

--- Page 310 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
310 
(1) 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Issue Terms) the relevant 
Margin (if applicable); 
(2) 
multiplied by the Interest Participation Rate (if applicable); and  
(II) 
0 per cent.; and 
(j) 
if “Floored ISDA Rate” applies, then the Floating Interest Rate shall be equal to 
(I) 
the higher of (x) the ISDA Rate and (y) 0 per cent.: 
(II) 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Issue Terms) the relevant Margin (if 
applicable)); 
(III) 
multiplied by the Interest Participation Rate (if applicable). 
If the Determination Agent determines that the ISDA Rate for an Interest Period cannot be 
determined in accordance with the 2021 ISDA Definitions (before application of any provisions 
relating to permanent cessation or an “Administrator/Benchmark Event” (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions) in the 2021 ISDA Definitions (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
Discontinued Rates Maturities provisions (as set out in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)) read with 
the above provisions, then subject as provided in General Condition 6(b)(vi)(A) (Hierarchy 
Provisions and Adjustments) and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, the 
ISDA Rate for such Interest Period shall be such rate as is determined by the Determination Agent 
in good faith and using commercially reasonable procedures (having regard to alternative 
benchmarks then available and taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related 
market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market) to produce a commercially 
reasonable result.  
All capitalised terms that are not defined in this General Condition 5(c)(ix) and all terms used for 
the purpose of determining the relevant ISDA Rate have the meanings given to those terms in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions, unless otherwise specified in the Conditions, and the date on which any 
ISDA Rate is to be determined shall be an Interest Determination Date. 
(A) 
Provisions relating to Overnight Floating Rates 
This General Condition 5(c)(ix)(A) applies if (i) the Floating Rate Option is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms to be an Overnight Floating Rate Option and (ii) an Overnight 
Rate Compounding/Averaging Method also applies. 
In such case, the rate for a Reset Date will be determined using the applicable Overnight 
Floating Rate Option in accordance with such Overnight Rate Compounding/Averaging 
Method. 
(I) 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method 
If the Overnight Rate Compounding Method is specified as the applicable 
Overnight Rate Compounding/Averaging Method, one of the following options 
will be elected in the applicable Issue Terms as the applicable Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method: 
(1) 
OIS Compounding (for which purpose, “Delayed Payment” is applicable if 
specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms);

--- Page 311 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
311 
(2) 
Compounding with Lookback (for which purpose, Lookback is the number 
of Applicable Business Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms); 
(3) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift (for which purpose, (a) Set-
in-Advance is applicable if specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, 
(b) Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift 
Business Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms and (c) Observation 
Period Shift Additional Business Days are the days, if any, specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms);  
(4) 
Compounding with Lockout (for which purpose, (a) Lockout is the number 
of Lockout Period Business Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms 
and (b) Lockout Period Business Days are the days specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms); or  
(5) 
any other compounding method specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Unless an Overnight Rate Compounding Method in General Condition 
5(c)(ix)(A)(I)(1) – (5) above is applicable, in respect of an Overnight Floating Rate 
Option in the Floating Rate Matrix, any other method of compounding an overnight 
rate that is set out in the column entitled “Category/Style” in the Floating Rate 
Matrix shall apply. 
If Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms for any Overnight Rate Compounding Method, the Daily Capped Rate and 
the Daily Floored Rate are the rates specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
The relevant Day Count Basis is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(II) 
Overnight Rate Averaging Method 
If Overnight Rate Averaging Method is specified as the applicable Overnight Rate 
Compounding/Averaging Method, one of the following options will be elected in 
the applicable Issue Terms as the applicable Overnight Rate Averaging Method: 
(1) 
Overnight Averaging (for which purpose, “Delayed Payment” is applicable 
if specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms); 
(2) 
Averaging with Lookback (for which purpose, Lookback is the number of 
Applicable Business Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms); 
(3) 
Averaging with Observation Period Shift (for which purpose, (a) Set-in-
Advance is applicable if specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, (b) 
Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift 
Business Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms and (c) Observation 
Period Shift Additional Business Days are the days, if any, specified as such 
in the applicable Issue Terms); 
(4) 
Averaging with Lockout (for which purpose, (a) Lockout is the number of 
Lockout Period Business Days specified in the applicable Issue Terms and 
(b) Lockout Period Business Days are the days specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms); or 
(5) 
any other averaging method specified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 312 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
312 
Unless an Overnight Rate Averaging Method in General Conditions 5(c)(ix)(A)(II) 
(1) – (5) above is applicable, in respect of an Overnight Floating Rate Option in 
the Floating Rate Matrix, any other method of averaging an overnight rate that is 
set out in the column entitled “Category/Style” in the Floating Rate Matrix shall 
apply. 
If Daily Capped Rate and/or Daily Floored Rate is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms for any Overnight Rate Averaging Method, the Daily Capped Rate and the 
Daily Floored Rate are the rates specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(B) 
Provisions relating to Index Floating Rate Options 
This General Condition 5(c)(ix)(B) applies if (i) the Floating Rate Option is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms to be an Index Floating Rate Option and (ii) an Index Method 
also applies. 
In such case, the rate for a Reset Date will be determined using the applicable Index 
Floating Rate Option in accordance with such Index Method, being one of the following 
methods, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms: 
(I) 
Standard Index Method; 
(II) 
Compounded Index Method;  
(III) 
Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift (for which purpose (a) 
Set-in-Advance is applicable if specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, (b) 
Observation Period Shift is the number of Observation Period Shift Business Days 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms and (c) Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days are the days, if any, specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(IV) 
All-In Compounded Index Method; or 
(V) 
any other method specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
provided that an Index Floating Rate Option for which “Style: Compounded Index” is 
specified in the Floating Rate Matrix, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the Index Method will be the Index Method specified for that Index Floating Rate 
Option in the Floating Rate Matrix. 
The relevant Day Count Basis is as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(C) 
References in the 2021 ISDA Definitions 
In connection with any Overnight Rate Compounding/Averaging Method or Index 
Method specified in the applicable Issue Terms, references in the 2021 ISDA Definitions 
to: 
(I) 
numbers, financial centres or other items specified in the Confirmation shall be 
deemed to be references to the numbers, financial centres or other items specified 
for such purpose in the applicable Issue Terms; 
(II) 
“Business Day in the financial centres, if any, specified for such purpose in the 
Confirmation” shall be deemed to be references to Business Day; 
(III) 
“Calculation Period” shall be deemed to be references to the relevant Interest 
Period;

--- Page 313 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
313 
(IV) 
“Floating Rate Day Count Fraction” shall be deemed to be references to Day Count 
Fraction; 
(V) 
“Payment Date” shall be deemed to be references to the relevant date of payment 
of any interest to the Noteholders; 
(VI) 
“Period End Date” shall be deemed to be references to the relevant Interest Period 
End Date; 
(VII) “Termination Date” shall be deemed to be references to the Maturity Date; 
(VIII) “Effective Date” shall be deemed to be references to the Interest Commencement 
Date; and 
(IX) 
“Confirmation” shall be deemed to be references to the applicable Issue Terms. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 2021 ISDA Definitions:  
(I) 
any requirement under the 2021 ISDA Definitions for the Calculation Agent (under 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions): (i) to give notice of a determination made by it to any 
other party will be deemed to be a requirement for the Determination Agent to 
provide an equivalent notice to the Issuer; and (ii) consult with the other party or 
the parties will be deemed to be a requirement for the Determination Agent to 
consult with the Issuer. Any such notice or consultation may be given or carried 
out orally or in writing (including by electronic mail or communications). In 
addition the right of any under the 2021 ISDA Definitions to require the Calculation 
Agent (under the 2021 ISDA Definitions) to take any action or fulfil any 
responsibility will be deemed to be solely the right of the Issuer to require this of 
the Determination Agent in its discretion and no Noteholder will have any right to 
require the Issuer to do this or to direct the Determination Agent in this regard; 
(II) 
where the 2021 ISDA Definitions require agreement between the parties to the 
relevant transaction, the parties will be deemed to have been unable to reach 
agreement and the fallback applicable in such circumstances will be deemed to 
apply; 
(III) 
in the event that the Determination Agent determines that any Fixing Day or other 
day on which an ISDA Rate is determined under the 2021 ISDA Definitions is less 
than two Business Days prior to the relevant date originally scheduled for payment, 
the Determination Agent may determine that such date for payment be delayed to 
a date falling not more than two Business Days after the relevant Fixing Day or 
relevant other day; and 
(IV) 
in the event that the Correction Time Period (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions) applicable to an ISDA Rate ends later than two Business Days prior to 
the relevant date for payment, any corrections published after the second Business 
Day prior to the relevant date for payment shall be disregarded for the purposes of 
determining the relevant ISDA Rate. 
If any adjustment, fallback, modification, correction or replacement of a relevant rate applies 
pursuant to the 2021 ISDA Definitions or the interest rate swap transaction thereunder then, in 
relation thereto, the Determination Agent may but shall not be required to (i) if it would not 
otherwise apply in relation to the determination of the ISDA Rate in accordance with the above 
provisions, take into account any such adjustment, fallback, modification, correction or

--- Page 314 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
314 
replacement (including by reference to the hedging arrangements for the relevant Notes, in 
determining the relevant ISDA Rate and (ii) make any related or consequential changes to the 
Conditions not otherwise provided for in this General Condition 5(c)(ix) (including, without 
limitation, any technical, administrative or operational changes, changes to the definition of 
Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and 
changes to the definition of Designated Maturity (where applicable)) that the Determination 
Agent determines to be appropriate in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, 
if the Determination Agent decides that the adoption of any portion of such market practice is not 
administratively feasible or if the Determination Agent determines that no appropriate market 
practice exists in such other manner as the Determination Agent determines is reasonably 
necessary). 
(x) 
Payments in respect of Interest on Early Redemption  
In circumstances where an Early Redemption Amount becomes payable in respect of any Floating 
Rate Notes in accordance with the Conditions on a date other than an Interest Period End Date 
and (i) separate amounts in respect of accrued interest are specified to be payable on early 
redemption and (ii) “Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) at maturity” does not apply, 
the Issuer shall pay, in lieu of any such separate amounts of interest, an amount on account of the 
unpaid interest element of the Notes being early redeemed (the “Early Redemption Interest 
Amount”) in addition to the relevant Early Redemption Amount. The Early Redemption Interest 
Amount shall be calculated as follows: 
(A) 
where the Interest Rate and/or Interest Amount applicable to the Interest Payment Date 
falling immediately after the date of early redemption can be determined prior to the 
relevant date of early redemption, the Early Redemption Interest Amount shall be 
calculated as the amount of accrued but unpaid interest payable in respect of each 
Calculation Amount determined on the basis of the Conditions, adjusted only so that the 
due date for early redemption is deemed to be the final Interest Payment Date, and 
applying the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Issue Terms, or otherwise as 
the Determination Agent determines appropriate, taking into account the period elapsed 
since the previous Interest Period End Date or (if none) the Issue Date; or 
(B) 
in all other cases, the Early Redemption Interest Amount shall be calculated as an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent as reflecting the fair market value of the unpaid 
interest element of the relevant Calculation Amount (if any) less (except in the case of any 
early redemption pursuant to General Condition 6(b)(iv) (Early Redemption following an 
occurrence of an Event of Default) the proportionate cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates 
of unwinding any underlying and/or related hedging and funding arrangements in respect 
of the Notes (including, without limitation, any options relating to any Reference Item 
hedging the Issuer's obligations under the Notes) and, for the purposes of determining the 
fair market value of such Calculation Amount for the purposes of General Condition 
6(b)(iv)(Early Redemption following an occurrence of an Event of Default), no account 
shall be taken of the financial condition of the Issuer, the CGMFL Guarantor or the 
CGMHI Guarantor (as applicable), which, in each case, shall be presumed to be able to 
perform fully their respective obligations in respect of the Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no such Early Redemption Interest Amount which is contingent upon 
any event shall be payable in respect of the Notes, unless all the relevant events have been 
satisfied.

--- Page 315 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
315 
(xi) 
Calculation of Interest Amount 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the Interest Amount payable on the Floating Rate Notes for 
the relevant Interest Period by applying the relevant Interest Rate to: 
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Registered Note 
Certificate, the current aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Notes represented 
by such Global Registered Note Certificate; or 
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, (i) multiplying such product by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and (ii) 
where General Condition 5(e) (Range Accrual Notes) applies, multiplying the product calculated 
in (i) by the Accrual Interest Rate. The resultant figure will be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of 
the relevant Settlement Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise 
in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note is a multiple of the Calculation 
Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which 
the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further 
rounding. 
The Interest Amount will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in respect of each 
Interest Period and/or the relevant Interest Payment Date. 
(d) 
Interest on CMS Rate Notes 
The provisions set out in this General Condition 5(d) shall apply to CMS Rate Notes. 
(i) 
Interest Amount 
Each CMS Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
at the CMS Interest Rate. 
Such Interest Amount will be payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the 
Interest Period ending on (but excluding) the Interest Period End Date falling on or about such 
Interest Payment Date.  
If a Relevant Rate for any period or any relevant day (including any Interest Payment Date) is 
specified in any other General Condition or in the applicable Issue Terms to be a “CMS Interest 
Rate”, the Relevant Rate will be determined in accordance with this General Condition 5(d)(i). 
A different CMS Interest Rate may apply in respect of different Interest Periods and/or Interest 
Payment Dates, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(ii) 
Single CMS Interest Rate 
If the CMS Interest Rate is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be “Single CMS Interest 
Rate”, the CMS Interest Rate in respect of an Interest Period or any relevant day will be equal to 
the CMS Reference Rate, plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) the Margin 
(if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such CMS Reference Rate), and 
multiplied by the Interest Participation Rate (if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in 
relation to such CMS Reference Rate), all as determined by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 316 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
316 
(iii) 
Worse of CMS Interest Rates 
If the CMS Interest Rate is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be “Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates”, the CMS Interest Rate in respect of an Interest Period or any relevant day will be equal 
to the lesser of: (1) CMS Reference Rate 1 plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms) Margin 1 (if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such CMS 
Reference Rate 1), and multiplied by Interest Participation Rate 1 (if any is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms in relation to such CMS Reference Rate 1), and (2) CMS Reference Rate 
2, plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) Margin 2 (if any is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms in relation to such CMS Reference Rate 2), and multiplied by Interest 
Participation Rate 2 (if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such CMS 
Reference Rate 2). Where (1) and (2) are the same value, then such value will be the relevant 
CMS Interest Rate. 
(iv) 
CMS Spread Interest Rate 
If the CMS Interest Rate is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be “CMS Spread Interest 
Rate”, the CMS Interest Rate in respect of an Interest Period or any relevant day will be equal to 
the difference between (1) CMS Reference Rate 1, plus or minus (as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms) Margin 1 (if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such CMS 
Reference Rate 1), and multiplied by Interest Participation Rate 1 (if any is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms in relation to such CMS Reference Rate 1), minus (2) CMS Reference 
Rate 2, plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) Margin 2 (if any is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such CMS Reference Rate 2), and multiplied by Interest 
Participation Rate 2 (if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to such CMS 
Reference Rate 2). 
(v) 
CMS Reference Rate Fallback Provisions  
In respect of a CMS Reference Rate and the Relevant Swap Rate (used to determine such CMS 
Reference Rate), subject as provided in General Condition 6(b)(vi)(A) (Hierarchy Provisions and 
Adjustments), if a Page for such Relevant Swap Rate is not available or the Relevant Swap Rate 
does not appear on the Page or the Relevant Swap Rate is not provided or published by the 
relevant administrator and/or a relevant authorised distributor or a component of the Relevant 
Swap Rate is not provided or published, in each case as at approximately the Relevant Time on 
the Interest Determination Date in question, the Relevant Swap Rate shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner having regard to such sources as it deems appropriate and any alternative 
benchmark then available and taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related 
market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market). For the avoidance of doubt and 
without limitation, the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) may determine 
the Relevant Swap Rate by reference to one of the following: 
(A) 
the Relevant Swap Rate for the relevant designated maturity (where applicable) published 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date on a different screen page by another 
authorised distributor of the relevant rate; 
(B) 
a rate formally recommended for use by the administrator of the Relevant Swap Rate or 
the supervisor or competent authority (or a committee endorsed or convened by any such 
entity) responsible for supervising the Relevant Swap Rate or the administrator thereof; 
or

--- Page 317 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
317 
(C) 
the Relevant Swap Rate for the relevant designated maturity (where applicable) last 
provided or published by the relevant administrator as at the day on which the Relevant 
Swap Rate was originally required to be determined; or 
(D) 
the arithmetic mean of quotations provided by reference banks selected by the Calculation 
Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) on a date determined by the Calculation 
Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) for a representative amount (and, where 
relevant, with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market) and, if 
applicable, for a term equal to the designated maturity, calculated in the manner 
determined by the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable). 
In the event that the administrator of a Relevant Swap Rate amends the methodology of such 
Relevant Swap Rate (including, without limitation, amendments to the time of publication of the 
relevant rate), the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) may but shall not be 
required to make any related or consequential changes to the General Conditions not otherwise 
provided for in this General Condition 5(d)(v) (including, without limitation, any technical, 
administrative or operational changes, changes to timing and frequency of determining rates and 
making payments of interest and changes to the definition of Designated Maturity (where 
applicable)) that the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) determines to be 
appropriate in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Calculation Agent 
or Determination Agent (as applicable) decides that adoption of any portion of such market 
practice is not administratively feasible or if the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as 
applicable) determines that no appropriate market practice exists, in such other manner as the 
Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) determines is reasonably necessary). 
In the event that the Relevant Swap Rate is subsequently corrected, and the correction (the 
“Corrected Rate”) is published after the original publication but no later than the longer of (a) 
one hour after such original publication and (b) any other period for corrections specified by a 
relevant administrator in its methodology for the Relevant Swap Rate, then provided that such 
Corrected Rate is published on or prior to the date falling two Business Days prior to the date on 
which a related payment is scheduled to be made under the Notes (the “Relevant Scheduled 
Payment Date”)), then such Corrected Rate shall be deemed to be the Relevant Swap Rate and 
the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) shall use such Corrected Rate in 
determining any relevant amount payable in respect of the Notes. Any corrections published after 
the second Business Day prior to the Relevant Scheduled Payment Date shall be disregarded for 
the purposes of determining the Relevant Swap Rate.  
If the Relevant Swap Rate is determined by the Determination Agent as provided above, the 
Determination Agent shall notify the Calculation Agent and the Issuer of any such Relevant Swap 
Rate so determined as soon as reasonably practicable, but in any event, prior to the date on which 
any relevant amount is to be determined.  
The Calculation Agent or Determination Agent (as applicable) shall not be responsible to the 
Issuer, Guarantor or to any third party as a result of the Calculation Agent or Determination Agent 
(as applicable) having acted on any quotation given by any reference bank.  
(vi) 
Calculation of Interest Amount 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the Interest Amount payable on the CMS Rate Notes for the 
relevant Interest Period by applying the relevant Interest Rate to:

--- Page 318 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
318 
(A) 
in the case of CMS Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Registered Note 
Certificate, the current aggregate principal amount of the Outstanding Notes represented 
by such Global Registered Note Certificate; or 
(B) 
in the case of CMS Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount, 
and, in each case, (i) multiplying such product by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and (ii) 
where General Condition 5(e) (Range Accrual Notes) applies, multiplying the product calculated 
in (i) by the Accrual Interest Rate. The resultant figure will be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of 
the relevant Settlement Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise 
in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a CMS Rate Note is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, 
the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which 
the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further 
rounding. 
(vii) Additional Definitions Relating to CMS Rate Notes 
The following terms shall have the meanings set out below (and terms not defined in this General 
Condition 5(d)(vii) shall have the meanings given to such terms in General Condition 1 
(Definitions and Interpretation)): 
“CMS Reference Rate 1” means the CMS Reference Rate specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms and the terms “Relevant Swap Rate”, “Reference Currency”, “Designated Maturity”, 
“Page”, “Relevant Time” and “Interest Determination Date” and any other relevant term will each 
be specified in the applicable Issue Terms under the heading “CMS Reference Rate 1”. 
“CMS Reference Rate 2” means the CMS Reference Rate specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms and the terms “Relevant Swap Rate”, “Reference Currency”, “Designated Maturity”, 
“Page”, “Relevant Time” and “Interest Determination Date” and any other relevant term will each 
be specified in the applicable Issue Terms under the heading “CMS Reference Rate 2”. 
“Interest Participation Rate 1” means, in respect of CMS Reference Rate 1, an Interest 
Participation Rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms corresponding to CMS 
Reference Rate 1. 
“Interest Participation Rate 2” means, in respect of CMS Reference Rate 2, an Interest 
Participation Rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms corresponding to CMS 
Reference Rate 2. 
(e) 
Range Accrual Notes 
The provisions set out in this General Condition 5(e) shall apply to Range Accrual Notes. A Range 
Accrual Note will have a Fixed Interest Rate, a Floating Interest Rate or a CMS Interest Rate, as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(i) 
Accrual Interest Rate 
The “Accrual Interest Rate” for each Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date is a 
percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Min [Max (Lev x {RA Factor – Adj}; RA Floor); RA Cap]

--- Page 319 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
319 
For the purposes of the above: 
“Accrual Factor” means an amount expressed as a percentage determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
days accrued
days observed 
“RA Factor” means a percentage determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
following: 
(A) 
where the applicable Issue Terms specify that the “Protected Range Accrual Provisions” 
apply: 
(I) 
where the Accrual Factor is greater than the Protection Level, 100 per cent.; or 
(II) 
where the Accrual Factor is less than or equal to the Protection Level, the Accrual 
Factor; or 
(B) 
where the applicable Issue Terms specify that the “Protected Range Accrual Provisions” 
do not apply, the Accrual Factor. 
(ii) 
Determination of Accrual Condition 
“Accrual Condition” means (and shall be deemed to be satisfied) on any Interest Observation 
Date if the Reference Observation on such Interest Observation Date is: 
(A) 
if “Greater than the Barrier” is specified under Barrier Reference in the applicable Issue 
Terms, greater than the Barrier; 
(B) 
if “Greater than or equal to the Barrier” is specified under Barrier Reference in the 
applicable Issue Terms, greater than or equal to the Barrier; 
(C) 
if “Less than the Barrier” is specified under Barrier Reference in the applicable Issue 
Terms, less than the Barrier; 
(D) 
if “Less than or equal to the Barrier” is specified under Barrier Reference in the applicable 
Issue Terms, less than or equal to the Barrier; or 
(E) 
if a “Lower Range” and an “Upper Range” are specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
and: 
(I) 
if the “Lower Range Option” specified in the applicable Issue Terms is: 
(1) 
“Greater than the Lower Range”, greater than the Lower Range; or 
(2) 
“Greater than or equal to the Lower Range”, greater than or equal to the 
Lower Range; and 
(II) 
if the “Upper Range Option” specified in the applicable Issue Terms is: 
(1) 
“Less than the Upper Range”, less than the Upper Range; or 
(2) 
“Less than or equal to the Upper Range”, less than or equal to the Upper 
Range, 
in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the relevant 
Interest Observation Date, subject as provided herein.

--- Page 320 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
320 
(iii) 
Determination of Reference Observation 
The “Reference Observation” shall be specified in the applicable Issue Terms and may be 
expressed as: 
(A) 
Reference Rate 1 minus Reference Rate 2; or 
(B) 
the sum of each Reference Rate 1 minus the sum of each the Reference Rate 2; or 
(C) 
one Reference Rate or a basket of two or more Reference Rates, 
in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to or in respect of the relevant 
Interest Observation Date, subject as provided herein. 
If the Reference Observation is specified as a basket of two or more Reference Rates, then a 
“Reference Observation” on any Interest Observation Date shall be construed as: 
(I) 
if “Any” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, “any Reference Rate” or 
(II) 
if “All” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, “each of the Reference Rates”, 
in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the relevant Interest 
Observation Date, subject as provided herein. 
(iv) 
Determination of Reference Rate 
For the purposes of the General Conditions and in particular General Conditions 5(b) (Interest on 
Fixed Rate Notes), 5(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) and 5(d) (Interest on CMS Rate Notes), 
Reference Rate 1 and Reference Rate 2 are each a “Reference Rate” and the applicable Issue 
Terms will specify whether each Reference Rate is (i) a Fixed Interest Rate, (ii) a Floating Interest 
Rate and whether “General Screen Rate Determination” or “ISDA Determination” will apply, or 
(iii) a CMS Interest Rate, or (iv) a Spread Interest Rate, (v) a Relevant Spread Rate or (vi) a 
Spread Reference Rate. 
In relation to each Reference Rate, depending on which one of (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v) or (vi) above 
is specified in relation to such Reference Rate, the applicable Issue Terms will specify in relation 
to such Reference Rate, all the relevant terms for such Reference Rate, including any Interest 
Determination Date, any Margin, any Interest Participation Rate, any of General Condition 5(f) 
(Spread Notes), any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any Maximum Reference Rate, in each 
case in accordance with the relevant provisions for a Fixed Interest Rate, Floating Interest Rate, 
CMS Interest Rate, Spread Interest Rate, Relevant Spread Rate or Spread Reference Rate, in each 
case as contained in the General Conditions and Issue Terms. 
For the purposes of the General Conditions, each Reference Rate shall also be a “Rate” as defined 
in General Condition 5(i) (General Provisions relating to all Notes linked to a Rate). 
A different Reference Rate and/or different Reference Observations may apply in respect of 
different Interest Periods and Interest Payment Dates, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(v) 
Barrier, Upper Range and Lower Range 
(A) 
Barrier 
As specified in the applicable Issue Terms, a Barrier may apply to specified Interest 
Periods and/or Interest Payment Dates only and may vary between different Interest 
Periods and/or Interest Payment Dates, all as specified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 321 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
321 
(B) 
Lower Range and/or Upper Range 
As specified in the applicable Issue Terms, a Lower Range and/or Upper Range may apply 
to specified Interest Periods and/or Interest Payment Dates only and may vary between 
different Interest Periods and/or Interest Payment Dates, all as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
(C) 
Interest Observation Date 
In respect of an Interest Period, any Reference Observation and each Accrual Day falling 
during such Interest Period, the relevant “Interest Observation Date” shall be such 
Accrual Day or, if such day is not a Scheduled Observation Date or is a Reference 
Observation Disrupted Day, the immediately preceding Scheduled Observation Date for 
such Reference Observation which is not a Reference Observation Disrupted Day for such 
Reference Observation, provided that the Interest Observation Date for each Accrual Day 
from (and including) the Accrual Cut-Off Date to but (excluding) the Interest Period End 
Date falling at the end of such Interest Period shall be the Interest Observation Date for 
the Accrual Cut-Off Date. 
An Interest Observation Date for one Accrual Day may therefore fall on the same day as 
the Interest Observation Date for another Accrual Day. 
(vi) 
Interest Rate 
A different Interest Rate may apply in respect of different Interest Periods and Interest Payment 
Dates, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Range Accrual Notes will bear interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at 
the Fixed Interest Rate, Floating Interest Rate or CMS Interest Rate, as specified on the applicable 
Issue Terms. Such Interest Amount will be payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date in 
respect of the Interest Period ending on (but excluding) the Interest Period End Date falling on or 
about such Interest Payment Date. 
(A) 
Fixed Rate Note provisions applicable to Range Accrual Notes 
If the Interest Rate applicable to any Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date is 
specified to be a Fixed Interest Rate, the provisions set out in General Condition 5(b) 
(Interest on Fixed Rate Notes) are deemed to apply and each Range Accrual Note will also 
be a Fixed Rate Note. Interest payable on each Range Accrual Note will be determined 
and calculated in accordance with General Condition 5(b)(ii) (If “Accrual” is applicable 
to Fixed Rate Notes) as though the applicable Issue Terms specified “Accrual” to be 
applicable. 
(B) 
Floating Rate Note provisions applicable to Range Accrual Notes 
If the Interest Rate applicable to any Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date is 
specified to be a Floating Interest Rate, the provisions set out in General Condition 5(c) 
(Interest on Floating Rate Notes) are deemed to apply and each Range Accrual Note will 
also be a Floating Rate Note. The Interest Amount payable on each Range Accrual Note 
will be determined and calculated in accordance with General Condition 5(c)(i) (Interest 
Amount). 
(C) 
CMS Rate Note provisions applicable to Range Accrual Notes

--- Page 322 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
322 
If the Interest Rate applicable to any Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date is 
specified to be a CMS Interest Rate, the provisions set out in General Condition 5(d) 
(Interest on CMS Rate Notes) are deemed to apply and each Range Accrual Note will also 
be a CMS Rate Note. The Interest Amount payable on each Range Accrual Note will be 
determined and calculated in accordance with General Condition 5(d)(i) (Interest 
Amount). 
(vii) 
Maximum/Minimum Interest Amount 
If any Maximum Interest Amount or Minimum Interest Amount (or both) is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms in respect of an Interest Payment Date, then if the Interest Amount for 
such Interest Payment Date is (1) greater than such Maximum Interest Amount, the Interest 
Amount shall be such Maximum Interest Amount, the Maximum Interest Amount shall be subject 
to the usury limits permitted by the law of the State of New York, or (2) less than such Minimum 
Interest Amount, the Interest Amount shall be such Minimum Interest Amount. 
If more than one Maximum Interest Amount or Minimum Interest Amount (or both) is specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms for different Interest Payment Dates, then if the Interest Amount for 
an Interest Payment Date is (1) greater than the Maximum Interest Amount specified for such 
Interest Payment Date, the Interest Amount shall be such Maximum Interest Amount, or (2) is 
less than such Minimum Interest Amount specified for such Interest Payment Date, the Interest 
Amount shall be such Minimum Interest Amount. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Issue Terms, the Minimum Interest Amount shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
(viii) Range Accrual Table 
If a Range Accrual Table is set out in the applicable Issue Terms, in respect of each Interest Period 
ending on (but excluding) an Interest Period End Date: 
(A) 
the Barrier will be each amount specified in the Range Accrual Table in the column 
entitled “Barrier”; 
(B) 
the Lower Range will be each amount specified in the Range Accrual Table in the column 
entitled “Lower Range”; 
(C) 
the Upper Range will be each amount specified in the Range Accrual Table in the column 
entitled “Upper Range”; 
(D) 
the relevant Reference Observation will be specified in the Range Accrual Table in the 
column entitled “Reference Observation” and if the Reference Observation is not 
expressed as a single Reference Rate, any Reference Rate, Reference Rate 1 or Reference 
Rate 2 will be specified in the Reference Observation Table in the column entitled 
“Reference Rate(s)” (or if applicable, the columns entitled “Reference Rate 1” and 
“Reference Rate 2”); 
(E) 
the relevant Interest Rate for such Interest Period will be specified in the Range Accrual 
Table in the column entitled “Interest Rate”; and 
(F) 
the relevant “Lev”, “Adj”, “RA Cap”, “RA Floor” and “Protection Level” for such Interest 
Period will be specified in the Range Accrual Table in the applicable column,

--- Page 323 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
323 
in each case, in the row corresponding to the date (specified in the column “Interest Period End 
Date(s)”) on which such Interest Period End Date is scheduled to fall. 
(ix) 
Additional Definitions Relating to Range Accrual Notes 
The following terms shall have the meanings set out below (and terms not defined in this General 
Condition 5(e)(ix) shall have the meanings given to such terms in General Condition 1 
(Definitions and Interpretation)): 
“Accrual Business Day” means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in each “Accrual Business Day Centre” specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, and if “Accrual Business Day Centre” is specified to be or to include: (i) “U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day”, then “Accrual Business Day” shall also be any day except 
a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for 
the purposes of trading in U.S. government securities; or (ii) “TARGET”, then “Accrual Business 
Day” shall also be a day on which the TARGET2 System is open. 
“Accrual Condition” has the meaning given in Condition 5(e)(ii) (Determination of Accrual 
Condition). 
“Accrual Condition 1” means an Accrual Condition specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms, determined in accordance with General Condition 5(e)(ii) (Determination of Accrual 
Condition) as though each reference therein to: (a) “Accrual Condition” was a reference to 
“Accrual Condition 1”, (b) “Reference Observation” was a reference to “Reference Observation 
1”, (c) “Barrier” was a reference to “Barrier 1”, (d) “Lower Range” was a reference to “Lower 
Range 1”, and (e) “Upper Range” was a reference to “Upper Range 1”. 
“Accrual Condition 2” means an Accrual Condition specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms, determined in accordance with General Condition 5(e)(ii) (Determination of Accrual 
Condition) as though each reference therein to: (a) “Accrual Condition” was a reference to 
“Accrual Condition 2”, (b) “Reference Observation” was a reference to “Reference Observation 
2”, (c) “Barrier” was a reference to “Barrier 2”, (d) “Lower Range” was a reference to “Lower 
Range 2”, and (e) “Upper Range” was a reference to “Upper Range 2”. 
“Accrual Condition 3” means an Accrual Condition specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms, determined in accordance with General Condition 5(e)(ii) (Determination of Accrual 
Condition) as though each reference therein to: (a) “Accrual Condition” was a reference to 
“Accrual Condition 3”, (b) “Reference Observation” was a reference to “Reference Observation 
3”, (c) “Barrier” was a reference to “Barrier 3”, (d) “Lower Range” was a reference to “Lower 
Range 3”, and (e) “Upper Range” was a reference to “Upper Range 3”. 
“Accrual Cut-Off Date” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the day falling on the Specified 
Accrual Cut-Off Date (or if “Default Accrual Cut-Off Date” is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, the fifth Accrual Day) immediately preceding the Interest Period End Date falling at the 
end of such Interest Period. 
“Accrual Days” means calendar days or Business Days specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms (each an “Accrual Day”). 
“Adj” means the adjustment factor specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms provided that 
if the applicable Issue Terms specify that Adj is Not Applicable, Adj shall be zero.

--- Page 324 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
324 
“Barrier” has the meaning given in General Condition 5(e)(v) (Barrier, Upper Range and Lower 
Range). 
“Barrier 1” means the Barrier specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, and each reference 
in General Conditions 5(e)(v) (Barrier, Upper Range and Lower Range) and 5(e)(viii) (Range 
Accrual Table) to “Barrier” shall be construed as a reference to “Barrier 1”. 
“Barrier 2” means the Barrier specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, and each reference 
in General Conditions 5(e)(v) (Barrier, Upper Range and Lower Range) and 5(e)(viii) (Range 
Accrual Table) to “Barrier” shall be construed as a reference to “Barrier 2”. 
“Barrier 3” means the Barrier specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, and each reference 
in General Conditions 5(e)(v) (Barrier, Upper Range and Lower Range) and 5(e)(viii) (Range 
Accrual Table) to “Barrier” shall be construed as a reference to “Barrier 3”. 
“days accrued” means: 
(A) 
if the applicable Issue Terms specify “Single Reference Observation” to be applicable, the 
number of Accrual Days in the relevant Interest Period in respect of which the Accrual 
Condition is satisfied on the related Interest Observation Date; 
(B) 
if the applicable Issue Terms specify “Dual Reference Observation” to be applicable, the 
number of Accrual Days in the relevant Interest Period in respect of which Accrual 
Condition 1 and Accrual Condition 2 are both satisfied on the related Interest Observation 
Date; and 
(C) 
if the applicable Issue Terms specify “Triple Reference Observation” to be applicable, the 
number of Accrual Days in the relevant Interest Period in respect of which Accrual 
Condition 1, Accrual Condition 2 and Accrual Condition 3 are all satisfied on the related 
Interest Observation Date. 
“days observed” means the actual number of Accrual Days in the relevant Interest Period. 
“Interest Observation Date” has the meaning given in General Condition 5(e)(v) (Barrier, 
Upper Range and Lower Range). 
“Lev” means the leverage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms provided that if the 
applicable Issue Terms specify that Lev is Not Applicable, Lev shall be 100 per cent. 
“Lower Range” has the meaning given in General Condition 5(e)(v) (Barrier, Upper Range and 
Lower Range). 
“Lower Range 1” means the Lower Range specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, and 
each reference in General Conditions 5(e)(v) (Barrier, Upper Range and Lower Range) and 
5(e)(viii) (Range Accrual Table) to “Lower Range” shall be construed as a reference to “Lower 
Range 1”. 
“Lower Range 2” means the Lower Range specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, and 
each reference in General Conditions 5(e)(v) (Barrier, Upper Range and Lower Range) and 
5(e)(viii) (Range Accrual Table) to “Lower Range” shall be construed as a reference to “Lower 
Range 2”. 
“Lower Range 3” means the Lower Range specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, and 
each reference in General Conditions 5(e)(v) (Barrier, Upper Range and Lower Range) and

--- Page 325 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
325 
5(e)(viii) (Range Accrual Table) to “Lower Range” shall be construed as a reference to “Lower 
Range 3”. 
“Max” means, when followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, whichever is the greater of 
the amounts separated by a semi-colon inside those brackets. 
“Min” means, when followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, whichever is the lesser of 
the amounts separated by a semi-colon inside those brackets. 
“RA Cap” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms provided that if 
the applicable Issue Terms specify that the RA Cap is Not Applicable, the RA Cap shall be infinity. 
“RA Floor” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms provided that 
if the applicable Issue Terms specify that the RA Floor is Not Applicable, the RA Floor shall be 
zero. 
“Range Accrual Table” means the table specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Reference Observation” has the meaning given in General Condition 5(e)(iii) (Determination 
of Reference Observation). 
“Reference Observation 1” means the Reference Observation specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms, determined in accordance with General Condition 5(e)(iii) (Determination of 
Reference Observation) as though each reference therein to “Reference Observation” was a 
reference to “Reference Observation 1”. 
“Reference Observation 2” means the Reference Observation specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms, determined in accordance with General Condition 5(e)(iii) (Determination of 
Reference Observation) as though each reference therein to “Reference Observation” was a 
reference to “Reference Observation 2”. 
“Reference Observation 3” means the Reference Observation specified as such in the applicable 
Issue Terms, determined in accordance with General Condition 5(e)(iii) (Determination of 
Reference Observation) as though each reference therein to “Reference Observation” was a 
reference to “Reference Observation 3”. 
“Reference Observation Disrupted Day” means, in respect of a Reference Observation, where 
the relevant Reference Observation is comprised of one or more Reference Rates, a Rate 
Disrupted Day (as defined in General Condition 5(i) (General Provisions relating to all Notes 
linked to a Rate) for any of the Reference Rates comprising such Reference Observation. 
“Reference Observation Table” means the table specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Scheduled Observation Date” means, in respect of a Reference Observation where the relevant 
Reference Observation is comprised of one or more Reference Rates, a Rate Scheduled Trading 
Day (as defined in General Condition 5(i) (General Provisions relating to all Notes linked to a 
Rate)) for all the Reference Rates comprising such Reference Observation. 
“Specified Accrual Cut-Off Date” means such number of calendar days or Accrual Business 
Days as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Upper Range” has the meaning given in General Conditions 5(e)(v) (Barrier, Upper Range and 
Lower Range).

--- Page 326 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
326 
“Upper Range 1” means the Upper Range specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, and 
each reference in General Conditions 5(e)(v) (Barrier, Upper Range and Lower Range) and 
5(e)(viii) (Range Accrual Table) to “Upper Range” shall be construed as a reference to “Upper 
Range 1”. 
“Upper Range 2” means the Upper Range specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, and 
each reference in General Conditions 5(e)(v) (Barrier, Upper Range and Lower Range) and 
5(e)(viii) (Range Accrual Table) to “Upper Range” shall be construed as a reference to “Upper 
Range 2”. 
“Upper Range 3” means the Upper Range specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, and 
each reference in General Conditions 5(e)(v) (Barrier, Upper Range and Lower Range) and 
5(e)(viii) (Range Accrual Table) to “Upper Range” shall be construed as a reference to “Upper 
Range 3”. 
(f) 
Spread Notes 
The provisions set out in this General Condition 5(f) shall apply to Spread Notes. 
(i) 
Interest Rate for Spread Notes 
The “Spread Interest Rate” in respect of each Interest Period will be the Relevant Spread Rate 
in respect of such Interest Period, plus or minus (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms) the 
Margin (Spread Interest Rate) (if any is specified in the applicable Issue Terms), and multiplied 
by the Interest Participation Rate (Spread Interest Rate) (if any is specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
The “Relevant Spread Rate” in respect of each Interest Period will be: 
(A) 
if “Option One” applies, an amount equal to (i) one (1), minus (ii) the result of Spread 
Rate 1 minus Spread Rate 2; or 
(B) 
if “No Option One” applies, an amount equal to (i) Spread Rate 1, minus (ii) Spread Rate 
2; or 
(C) 
if “Spread Cap” applies, an amount determined in accordance with the following formula: 
Min[(Rate X ± Spread Cap Margin); (V% + {Multiplier × [Rate Y −Rate Z]})] 
If any Reference Rate is specified herein or in the applicable Issue Terms to be a “Spread Interest 
Rate”, “Relevant Spread Rate” or “Spread Reference Rate”, the relevant Reference Rate will be 
determined in accordance with the provisions set out in this General Condition 5(f), as though 
each reference to “Interest Rate” were a reference to “Reference Rate”. 
(ii) 
Determination of Spread Reference Rate 
The “Spread Reference Rate” shall be the rate specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms, 
and may be expressed as: 
(A) 
a single Reference Rate; 
(B) 
the sum of two or more Reference Rates (as specified in the applicable Issue Terms); or 
(C) 
Reference Rate 1 minus Reference Rate 2.

--- Page 327 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
327 
A different Spread Reference Rate(s) (and, if applicable, calculated from different Reference 
Rates) may apply in respect of different Interest Periods, as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
(iii) 
Determination of Reference Rate 
In relation to a Reference Rate, the applicable Issue Terms will specify whether it is (i) a Fixed 
Interest Rate; (ii) a Floating Interest Rate and the relevant “Method of Determination” that will 
apply or (iii) a CMS Interest Rate. 
In relation to each Reference Rate, depending on which one of General Condition 5(f)(i), (ii) or 
(iii) above is specified in relation to such Reference Rate, the applicable Issue Terms will specify 
in relation to such Reference Rate, all the relevant terms for such Reference Rate, including any 
Interest Determination Date, any Margin, any Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or Maximum Reference Rate, in each case, in accordance with the relevant 
provisions for Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes or CMS Rate Notes, in each case, as 
contained in the General Conditions and, in the case of Notes that are not Exempt Notes, in the 
applicable Final Terms or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where a Reference Rate is determined by reference to any of General 
Condition 5(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) or General Condition 5(d) (Interest on CMS Rate 
Notes), as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, all back up provisions relating to a Floating 
Interest Rate, CMS Interest Rate, as applicable, as contained in the General Conditions shall also 
apply in relation to the determination of such rate(s), as applicable. 
A different Reference Rate(s) may apply in respect of different Interest Periods, as specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms. 
(iv) 
Fixed Rate Note provisions applicable to Spread Notes 
Each Spread Note will also be a Fixed Rate Note and interest payable on Spread Notes will be 
determined and calculated as provided in General Condition 5(b)(ii) (If “Accrual” is applicable 
to Fixed Rate Notes) as though the applicable Issue Terms specified “Accrual” to be applicable 
and the Spread Interest Rate was a Fixed Interest Rate. As with all Fixed Rate Notes, Spread 
Notes will bear interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the Interest 
Rate (determined in accordance with General Condition 5(f)(i) (Interest Rate for Spread Notes)) 
and, where interest is due in accordance with this General Condition and the applicable Issue 
Terms, such interest (being an “Interest Amount”) will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Issue Terms. Such Interest Amount will 
be payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) the Interest Period End Date falling on or about such Interest Payment Date. 
(v) 
Additional Definitions Relating to Spread Notes 
The following terms shall have the respective meanings set out below (and terms not defined in 
this General Condition 5(f)(v) shall have the meanings given to such terms in General Condition 1 
(Definitions and Interpretation): 
“Interest Participation Rate (Spread Interest Rate)” means, in respect of a Relevant Spread 
Rate for an Interest Period, an Interest Participation Rate specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms corresponding to such Relevant Spread Rate.

--- Page 328 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
328 
“Margin (Spread Interest Rate)” means, in respect of a Relevant Spread Rate for an Interest 
Period, a Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms corresponding to such Relevant 
Spread Rate. 
“Min” means, when followed by a series of amounts inside brackets, whichever is the lesser of 
the amounts separated by a semi-colon inside those brackets. 
“Multiplier” means an amount specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Rate X” means any of Spread Rate 1, Spread Rate 2 or Spread Rate 3, specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms provided that, where the applicable Issue Terms provides that such rate is 
Not Applicable, such rate shall not apply to the Notes and the “Spread Cap” formula shall be 
deemed amended accordingly. 
“Rate Y” means any of Spread Rate 1, Spread Rate 2 or Spread Rate 3, specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms provided that, where the applicable Issue Terms provides that such rate is 
Not Applicable, such rate shall not apply to the Notes and the “Spread Cap” formula shall be 
deemed amended accordingly. 
“Rate Z” means any of Spread Rate 1, Spread Rate 2 or Spread Rate 3, specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms provided that, where the applicable Issue Terms provides that such rate is 
Not Applicable, such rate shall not apply to the Notes and the “Spread Cap” formula shall be 
deemed amended accordingly. 
“Reference Rate 1” means, in respect of an Interest Period, a Reference Rate specified as such 
in the applicable Issue Terms and determined in accordance with General Condition 5(e)(iii) 
(Determination of Reference Observation). 
“Reference Rate 2” means, in respect of an Interest Period, a Reference Rate specified as such 
in the applicable Issue Terms and determined in accordance with General Condition 5(e)(iii) 
(Determination of Reference Observation). 
“Spread Cap Margin” means, in respect of a Relevant Spread Rate for an Interest Period, the 
Margin specified as such for such Interest Period and/or Interest Payment Date in the applicable 
Issue Terms, provided that if: (i) the Spread Cap Margin is a percentage rate per annum preceded 
by a “+” (plus) sign, the reference to “± Spread Cap Margin” in the formula set out in paragraph 
(C) of the definition of “Relevant Spread Rate” above shall be construed as “+ Spread Cap 
Margin”, and (ii) the Spread Cap Margin is a percentage rate per annum preceded by a “‒” (minus) 
sign, the reference to “± Spread Cap Margin” in the formula set out in paragraph (C) of the 
definition of “Relevant Spread Rate” above shall be construed as “‒ Spread Cap Margin”. 
“Spread Rate 1” means, in respect of an Interest Period, a Spread Reference Rate specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms, plus or minus any Spread Rate 1 Margin, and multiplied by 
any Spread Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate. 
“Spread Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate” means an Interest Participation Rate specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Spread Rate 1 Margin” means a Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Spread Rate 2” means, in respect of an Interest Period, a Spread Reference Rate specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms, plus or minus any Spread Rate 2 Margin, and multiplied by 
any Spread Rate 2 Interest Participation Rate.

--- Page 329 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
329 
“Spread Rate 2 Interest Participation Rate” means an Interest Participation Rate specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Spread Rate 2 Margin” means a Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Spread Rate 3” means, in respect of an Interest Period, a Spread Reference Rate specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms, plus or minus any Spread Rate 3 Margin, and multiplied by 
any Spread Rate 3 Interest Participation Rate. 
“Spread Rate 3 Interest Participation Rate” means an Interest Participation Rate specified as 
such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Spread Rate 3 Margin” means a Margin specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“V%” means an amount (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) specified as such in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
(g) 
Interest on Inflation Linked Notes 
The provisions set out in this General Condition 5(g) shall apply to Inflation Linked Notes. 
(i) 
Interest Amount 
The “Interest Amount” shall be determined in respect of each Calculation Amount by reference 
to either:  
(A) 
where an Interest Participation Rate is not specified in respect of such Interest Payment 
Date in the applicable Issue Terms, the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × ([
UCL Relevant Months Prior
UCL 12 + Relevant Months Prior −1] ± Margin)
× Day Count Fraction 
(B) 
where an Interest Participation Rate is specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date 
in the applicable Issue Terms, the following formula: 
Calculation Amount × ([
UCL Relevant Months Prior
UCL 12 + Relevant Months Prior −1] ± Margin)
× Day Count Fraction × IPR 
provided however, in the case of each of General Conditions 5(g)(i)(A) and (B) above, that if (x) 
a Maximum Interest Amount is specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then such Interest Amount is subject to such maximum amount (a cap); 
(y) a Minimum Interest Amount is specified in respect of such Interest Payment Date in the 
applicable Issue Terms, then such Interest Amount is subject to such minimum amount (a floor); 
or (z) a Maximum Interest Amount and a Minimum Interest Amount is specified in respect of 
such Interest Payment Date in the applicable Issue Terms, then such Interest Amount is subject 
to such maximum amount and a minimum amount (a collar). 
(ii) 
Determination of Interest Amount  
The Calculation Agent will determine the Interest Amount for the relevant Interest Period. The 
Interest Amounts so determined may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under General Condition 6 
(Redemption and Purchase), the interest payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless

--- Page 330 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
330 
continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this General Condition but no 
publication of the Interest Amount so calculated need be made. 
(iii) 
Disruptions to Valuation 
(A) 
Determination of the Inflation Index Closing Level of an Inflation Index on a Note 
Valuation Date 
For the avoidance of doubt, any Specified Note Valuation Date shall (unless the 
Calculation Agent otherwise determines) not be adjusted in relation to an Inflation Index 
and the Substitute Index Level provisions set out below shall apply instead. 
(B) 
Substitute Index Level 
If an Inflation Index Closing Level for a Reference Month has not been published or 
announced by the Cut-off Date for the relevant Payment Date, then the Calculation Agent 
shall, subject to any provisions specified in the applicable Issue Terms, determine a 
substitute index level (the “Substitute Index Level”) by using the following 
methodology: 
(1) 
if “Fallback Bond” applies, the Calculation Agent will take the same action to 
determine the Substitute Index Level for the affected Reference Month as that taken 
by the relevant calculation agent pursuant to the terms and conditions of any 
relevant Fallback Bond; and 
(2) 
if there is no Fallback Bond or General Condition 5(g)(iii)(B)(1) does not result in 
a Substitute Index Level for the relevant Reference Month for any reason, then the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Substitute Index Level in accordance with the 
formula set out below: 
Substitute Index Level = Base Level x (
Latest Level
Reference Level) 
Where: 
“Base Level” means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the level of such Inflation 
Index (excluding any “flash” estimate) published or announced by the relevant 
Inflation Index Sponsor in respect of the month which is 12 calendar months prior 
to the Reference Month for which the Substitute Index Level is being determined; 
“Latest Level” means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the latest level of such 
Inflation Index (excluding any “flash” estimate) published or announced by the 
relevant Inflation Index Sponsor prior to the Reference Month in respect of which 
the Substitute Index Level is being determined; 
“Reference Level” means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the level of such 
Inflation Index (excluding any “flash” estimate) published or announced by the 
relevant Inflation Index Sponsor in respect of the month which is 12 calendar 
months prior to the Reference Month referred to in the definition for “Latest Level” 
above; and 
(3) 
if the Inflation Index Closing Level of an Inflation Index for a Reference Month is 
published or announced at any time after the Cut-off Date for the relevant Payment 
Date, then such Inflation Index Closing Level will not be used in any calculation. 
The Substitute Index Level determined pursuant to this General Condition 5(g)(iii)

--- Page 331 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
331 
will be the Inflation Index Closing Level in respect of the relevant Reference 
Month. 
(iv) 
Adjustment Events 
If in the determination of the Calculation Agent any Adjustment Event occurs in respect of an 
Inflation Index or the Inflation Linked Notes (as relevant), then the Calculation Agent shall: 
(A) 
make such adjustment to the terms of the Notes as the Calculation Agent determines 
necessary or appropriate to account for the effect of such Adjustment Event subject to the 
provisions (if any) of such General Condition; and 
(B) 
determine the effective date of each such adjustment. 
Any adjustment(s) made by the Calculation Agent in response to an Adjustment Event may 
include a substitution of the relevant Inflation Index and the Calculation Agent may make such 
other adjustments to the terms of the Inflation Linked Notes as it deems necessary or appropriate 
in relation to such substitution. 
If an “Increased Cost of Hedging” occurs, the Calculation Agent may make such adjustment to 
the terms of the Notes as it determines necessary or appropriate to pass onto Noteholders the 
relevant increased cost of hedging, which adjustment may include, but are not limited to, reducing 
any of the amounts which would otherwise be payable under the Notes. 
If “Early Redemption following Adjustment Event” applies, if no adjustment can be reasonably 
made to the above, an Early Redemption Event shall be deemed to have occurred and the 
provisions set out in General Condition 6(b) (Early Redemption of the Notes) shall apply.  
(v) 
Additional Provisions 
(A) 
Revision of the level of an Inflation Index 
The operation of this General Condition 5(g)(v)(A) is subject as provided in General 
Condition 5(g)(v)(B) (Correction of a manifest error in the level of an Inflation Index) 
below.  
If “Revision” is specified as applicable for an Inflation Index in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the first publication and announcement of an Inflation Index Closing Level of such 
Inflation Index, or any revision to such Inflation Index Closing Level made no later than 
the relevant Revision Cut-off Date, shall be final and conclusive. 
If “No Revision” is specified as applicable for an Inflation Index in the applicable Issue 
Terms, then the first publication and announcement of an Inflation Index Closing Level of 
such Inflation Index shall be final and conclusive, and any later revision to such Inflation 
Index Closing Level will not be used in any calculation. 
If neither “Revision” nor “No Revision” is elected in the applicable Issue Terms, then “No 
Revision” shall be deemed to apply. 
(B) 
Correction of a manifest error in the level of an Inflation Index 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Inflation Index Sponsor of an Inflation Index 
has corrected an Inflation Index Closing Level for such Inflation Index to correct a 
manifest error no later than the earlier to occur of (i) the relevant Manifest Error Cut-off 
Date; and (ii) 30 calendar days following the first publication and announcement of such

--- Page 332 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
332 
Inflation Index Closing Level, then the Calculation Agent may use such corrected Inflation 
Index Closing Level for the purposes of any calculation in respect of any relevant Note 
Valuation Date. Any correction to an Inflation Index Closing Level of such Inflation Index 
published after the relevant Manifest Error Cut-off Date will not be used in any calculation 
in respect of any relevant Note Valuation Date. In the event of any inconsistency (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) between this General Condition 5(g)(v)(B) and 
General Condition 5(g)(v)(A) (Revision of the level of an Inflation Index), the provisions 
of this General Condition 5(g)(v)(B) shall prevail. 
(C) 
Substitution of an Inflation Index 
If the Calculation Agent determines that either (1) a level for an Inflation Index has not 
been published or announced for two consecutive months; and/or (2) the Inflation Index 
Sponsor announces that it will no longer continue to publish or announce such Inflation 
Index; and/or (3) the Inflation Index Sponsor cancels such Inflation Index, then the 
Calculation Agent may replace such Inflation Index with a successor index (a “Successor 
Index”) by using the following methodology: 
(1) 
if at any time a successor index has been designated in respect of an Inflation Index 
by the calculation agent under any relevant Fallback Bond pursuant to the terms 
and conditions of such Fallback Bond, then such successor index may be 
designated a “Successor Index” for such Inflation Index for the purposes of all 
subsequent Note Valuation Dates, notwithstanding that any other Successor Index 
may previously have been determined under General Condition 5(g)(v)(C)(2) or 
(3); 
(2) 
if a Successor Index has not been determined under General Condition 
5(g)(v)(C)(1)and a notice has been given or an announcement has been made by 
the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor, specifying that such Inflation Index will be 
superseded by a replacement inflation index specified by the relevant Inflation 
Index Sponsor, and the Calculation Agent determines that such replacement 
inflation index is calculated using the same or substantially similar formula or 
method of calculation as used in the calculation of the previously applicable 
Inflation Index, then such replacement index shall be such Inflation Index for the 
purposes of the Notes from the date that such replacement Inflation Index comes 
into effect; 
(3) 
if no Successor Index has been determined under General Condition 5(g)(v)(C)(1) 
or (2) by the fifth Business Day prior to the Cut-off Date in respect of the next 
following Payment Date, then the Calculation Agent will determine an appropriate 
alternative index and such index will be deemed a “Successor Index”. 
If a Successor Index is determined in accordance with the above, the Calculation Agent 
may make such adjustment(s) to the General Conditions as the Calculation Agent 
determines necessary or appropriate to account for such replacement and determine the 
effective date(s) of the adjustment(s) to the Notes. 
If no Successor Index can be determined pursuant to the above, an Early Redemption 
Event shall be deemed to have occurred and the provisions set out in General Condition 
6(b) (Early Redemption of the Notes) shall apply.

--- Page 333 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
333 
(D) 
Modification of an Inflation Index 
If, on or prior to any Cut-off Date in respect of a Payment Date, an Inflation Index Sponsor 
announces that it will make a material change to an Inflation Index, then the Calculation 
Agent shall make such adjustments to the General Conditions: 
(1) 
if a Fallback Bond is specified for the relevant Inflation Index, as are consistent 
with any adjustment made to the relevant Fallback Bond; or 
(2) 
if no Fallback Bond is specified for the relevant Inflation Index, as are necessary 
for such modified Inflation Index to continue as an Inflation Index. 
If no such adjustment can reasonably be made pursuant to the above, an Early Redemption 
Event shall be deemed to have occurred and the provisions set out in General Condition 
6(b) (Early Redemption of the Notes) shall apply. 
(E) 
Rebasing of the Inflation Index 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Inflation Index has been or will be rebased at 
any time, then the Inflation Index as so rebased (the “Rebased Index”) will be used for 
the purposes of determining any Inflation Index Closing Level of such Inflation Index 
from the date of such rebasing. 
If a Fallback Bond is specified for the relevant Inflation Index, then the Calculation Agent 
shall make such adjustments to the levels of such Rebased Index as are made pursuant to 
the terms and conditions of the relevant Fallback Bond, so that the levels of such Rebased 
Index reflect the same rate of inflation as the relevant Inflation Index before it was rebased. 
If no Fallback Bond is specified for the relevant Inflation Index, then the Calculation 
Agent shall make such adjustments to the levels of such Rebased Index, so that the levels 
of such Rebased Index reflect the same rate of inflation as the relevant Inflation Index 
before it was rebased. 
In each case, the Calculation Agent may make such adjustment(s) to the terms of the Notes 
as the Calculation Agent determines necessary or appropriate to account for such rebasing 
and determine the effective date(s) of the adjustment(s) to the Notes. 
Any such rebasing shall not affect any prior payments made under the Notes. 
(vi) 
Notifications 
The Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer and each Paying Agent of any determination made 
by it in accordance with this General Condition 5(g)(vi) and the action that it proposes to take in 
respect of any such determination. The Issuer shall notify the Noteholders thereof as soon as 
reasonably practicable thereafter in accordance with General Condition 13 (Notices). Failure by 
the Calculation Agent to notify the Issuer or any Paying Agent or failure by the Issuer to notify 
the Noteholders of any such determination will not affect the validity of any such determination. 
(vii) 
Additional Definitions relating to Inflation Linked Notes 
“Cut-off Date” means, in respect of a Payment Date, the day which is five Business Days prior 
to such Payment Date. 
“Fallback Bond” means, in respect of an Inflation Index, if “Fallback Bond” applies:  
(A) 
the bond specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms; or

--- Page 334 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
334 
(B) 
if no such bond is specified, a bond selected by the Calculation Agent and issued by the 
government of the country to whose level of inflation such Inflation Index relates and 
which pays a coupon or redemption amount which is calculated by reference to such 
Inflation Index, with a scheduled maturity date which falls on: 
(I) 
the same day as the Maturity Date; 
(II) 
the next longest maturity after the Maturity Date if there is no such bond maturing 
on the Maturity Date; or 
(III) 
the next shortest maturity before the Maturity Date if no bond described in sub-
paragraph (I) or (II) above is selected by the Calculation Agent. 
If the Inflation Index relates to the level of inflation across the European Monetary Union 
(“EMU”), then the Calculation Agent will select an inflation-linked bond which is a debt 
obligation of one of the governments (but not any government agency) of France, Italy, Germany 
or Spain and which pays interest or redemption amount which is calculated by reference to the 
level of inflation in the EMU. In each case, the Calculation Agent will select the Fallback Bond 
from those inflation-linked bonds issued on or before the Issue Date and, if there is more than 
one inflation-linked bond maturing on the same date, then the Fallback Bond shall be selected by 
the Calculation Agent from those bonds. If the Fallback Bond in respect of an Inflation Index 
redeems, then the Calculation Agent will select a new Fallback Bond on the same basis, but 
selected from all eligible bonds in issue at the time the original Fallback Bond redeems (including 
any bond for which the redeemed bond is exchanged). 
“Inflation Index” has the meaning given to it in applicable Issue Terms or any Successor Index. 
“Inflation Index Closing Level” means, in respect of an Inflation Index, a Note Valuation Date 
and a related Reference Month, the level of such Inflation Index in respect of such Reference 
Month, as displayed on the applicable Electronic Page. 
“Inflation Index Sponsor” means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the corporation or other entity 
which: 
(A) 
is responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and methods of 
calculation and adjustments, if any, related to such Inflation Index; and 
(B) 
announces (directly or through an agent) the level of such Inflation Index. 
“Interest Participation Rate” or “IPR” means, in respect of an Interest Payment Date, the 
amount or percentage rate specified for such Interest Payment Date under the heading “Interest 
Participation Rate” in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Manifest Error Cut-off Date” means, in respect of a Payment Date, two Business Days prior 
to such Payment Date, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Payment Date” means, in respect of a Note Valuation Date, the Interest Payment Date, the 
Maturity Date or other date to which such Note Valuation Date relates. 
“Reference Month” means, in respect of an Inflation Index and a Note Valuation Date, each 
month specified as such for such Note Valuation Date in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Revision Cut-off Date” means, in respect of a Payment Date, two Business Days prior to such 
Payment Date, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 335 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
335 
“UCL Relevant Months Prior” means the Inflation Index Closing Level of the Inflation Index 
on the date falling the number of calendar months prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. Such date shall be deemed to be a Specified Note 
Valuation Date for the purpose of, and subject to adjustment as provided in, the General 
Conditions. 
“UCL 12 + Relevant Months Prior” means the Inflation Index Closing Level of the Inflation 
Index on the date falling the number of calendar months prior to the relevant Interest Payment 
Date as specified in the applicable Issue Terms and which shall be the month falling 12 months 
prior to the UCL Relevant Months Prior. Such date shall be deemed to be a Specified Note 
Valuation Date for the purpose of, and subject to adjustment as provided in, the General 
Conditions. 
(h) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
If the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, then the Early Redemption Amount in respect of each Note will, 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, be the Amortised Face Amount. 
(i) 
General Provisions relating to all Notes linked to a Rate 
The provisions set out in this General Condition 5(i) shall apply to all Notes linked to a Rate. 
(i) 
Note Valuation 
The provisions applicable to valuing a Rate and/or to making any adjustment to Note Valuation 
Dates or following Adjustment Events are specified in this General Condition 5(i), as amended 
and supplemented (where relevant) by the applicable Issue Terms. 
(ii) 
Adjustments to Note Valuation Dates (Rate Scheduled Trading Days) 
Any Specified Note Valuation Date(s) specified in the applicable Issue Terms shall be adjusted 
in accordance with the following provisions: 
(A) 
If any Specified Note Valuation Date(s) is not a Rate Scheduled Trading Day then, if 
neither “Preceding Rate Scheduled Trading Day” nor “Modified Following Rate 
Scheduled Trading Day” is specified in respect of such Rate in the applicable Issue Terms, 
then the Note Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding day immediately following such 
Specified Note Valuation Date which is a Rate Scheduled Trading Day, unless in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent such day is a Rate Disrupted Day, which case General 
Condition 5(i)(iii) (Determination of the Rate Closing Level on a Rate Disrupted Day) 
shall apply; or 
(B) 
if “Preceding Rate Scheduled Trading Day” is specified for such Rate in the applicable 
Issue Terms, the Note Valuation Date shall be the first Rate Scheduled Trading Day 
preceding such Specified Note Valuation Date, unless such day is a Rate Disrupted Day, 
in which case which case General Condition 5(i)(iii) (Determination of the Rate Closing 
Level on a Rate Disrupted Day) shall apply; or 
(C) 
if “Modified Following Rate Scheduled Trading Day” is specified for such Rate in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Note Valuation Date shall be the Rate Scheduled Trading Day 
following first succeeding such Specified Note Valuation Date, unless such day would fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event the Note Valuation Date shall be the Rate 
Scheduled Trading Day falling first preceding such Specified Note Valuation Date, unless,

--- Page 336 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
336 
in either such case, such day is a Rate Disrupted Day, in which case General Condition 
5(i)(iii) (Determination of the Rate Closing Level on a Rate Disrupted Day) shall apply. 
Where “Move In Block” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to adjustments to 
Scheduled Trading Days and “Preceding Scheduled Trading Day” or “Modified Following 
Scheduled Trading Day” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in respect of a Rate, then, 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 5(j)(i)(A) (Adjustments to Note 
Valuation Dates (Scheduled Training days)), the adjustment specified above in General Condition 
5(i)(ii)(B) or (C) shall prevail.  
(iii) 
Determination of the Rate Closing Level on a Rate Disrupted Day 
If any Specified Note Valuation Date(s) (if applicable, adjusted in accordance with General 
Condition 5(i)(ii) (Adjustments to Note Valuation Dates (Rate Scheduled Trading Days)) above) 
is a Rate Disrupted Day, then subject as provided in General Condition 6(b)(iv)(A) (Hierarchy 
and Adjustment Provisions) and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, the 
Calculation Agent shall determine the Rate Closing Level of such Rate for the Note Valuation 
Date at such time as it deems appropriate and in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, having regard to such sources as it deems appropriate and any alternative benchmark 
then available and taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related market 
(including, without limitation, the derivatives market). For the avoidance of doubt and without 
limitation, the Calculation Agent may determine the relevant Rate Closing Level for such Note 
Valuation Date by reference to one of the following: 
(A) 
the Rate for the relevant designated maturity (where applicable) published on the relevant 
Rate Scheduled Trading Day on a different screen page by another authorised distributor 
of the relevant Rate; 
(B) 
a rate formally recommended for use by the administrator of the relevant Rate or the 
supervisor or competent authority (or a committee endorsed or convened by any such 
entity) responsible for supervising the relevant Rate or the administrator thereof; or 
(C) 
the Rate for the relevant designated maturity (where applicable) last provided or published 
by the relevant administrator; or 
(D) 
the arithmetic mean of quotations provided by reference banks selected by the Calculation 
Agent on a date determined by the Calculation Agent for a representative amount (and, 
where relevant with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market) and, if 
applicable, for a term equal to the designated maturity, calculated in the manner 
determined by the Calculation Agent.  
Where “Move In Block” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms in relation to adjustments to 
Disrupted Days, then the adjustment provisions above prevail. 
(iv) 
Cut-off Note Valuation Date 
If the Note Valuation Date for a Rate determined as provided above would otherwise fall on a 
day falling after the second Rate Scheduled Trading Day for such Rate prior to the date on which 
a relevant payment is scheduled to be made under the Notes (the “Cut-off Note Valuation 
Date”), such Valuation Date shall be deemed to be the Cut-off Note Valuation Date 
(notwithstanding that such date either (i) is not a Rate Scheduled Trading Day for such Rate; or 
(ii) is a Rate Disrupted Day) and General Condition 5(i)(v) (Adjustments to Note Valuation Dates 
(Calculation Agent’s determination of Rate Closing Levels) shall apply in respect thereof.

--- Page 337 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
337 
(v) 
Adjustments to Note Valuation Dates (Calculation Agent’s determination of Rate Closing Levels) 
If the Note Valuation Date for any Rate (as determined in accordance with General Condition 
5(i)(iv) (Cut-off Note Valuation Date) above) is determined to occur on the Cut-off Note Valuation 
Date for such Rate, then the Calculation Agent shall determine the Rate Closing Level of such 
Rate on such Cut-off Note Valuation Date using its good faith estimate of the Rate Closing Level 
of such Rate at the Rate Valuation Time (where relevant) on or for such day. 
(vi) 
Adjustment Events 
If, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, any Adjustment Event occurs in respect of a 
Rate or the Notes (as relevant), then (subject to the provisions of the General Condition applicable 
to such Rate) the Calculation Agent shall: 
(A) 
make such adjustment to the terms of the Notes as the Calculation Agent determines 
necessary or appropriate to account for the effect of such Adjustment Event subject to the 
provisions (if any) of such General Condition; and 
(B) 
determine the effective date of each such adjustment. 
Any adjustment(s) made by the Calculation Agent in response to an Adjustment Event may 
include a substitution of the relevant Rate and the Calculation Agent may make such other 
adjustments to the terms of the Notes as it deems necessary or appropriate in relation to such 
substitution. 
If an “Increased Cost of Hedging” occurs, the Calculation Agent may make such adjustment to 
the terms of the Notes as it determines necessary or appropriate to pass on to Noteholders the 
relevant increased cost of hedging, which adjustment may include, but is not limited to, reducing 
any of the amounts which would otherwise be payable under the Notes. 
If “Early Redemption following Adjustment Event” applies, if no adjustment can be reasonably 
made to the above, an Early Redemption Event shall be deemed to have occurred and the 
provisions set out in General Condition 6(b) (Early Redemption of the Notes) shall apply.  
(vii) 
Correction of published or announced prices or levels 
Where “Correction Provisions” apply, then: 
(A) 
in the event that any level, price, rate or value (as applicable) of a Rate for any time on 
any day which is published or announced by or on behalf of the person or entity 
responsible for such publication or announcement and which is used for any calculation 
or determination made in respect of the Notes is subsequently corrected, and the correction 
(the “Rate Corrected Level”) is published by or on behalf of such person or entity within 
the relevant Correction Period after the original publication (and at least two Business 
Days prior to the relevant date on which a payment is scheduled to be made under the 
Notes (the “Rate Relevant Scheduled Payment Date”)), then such Rate Corrected Level 
shall be deemed to be the level, price, rate or value for the relevant Rate for the relevant 
time on the relevant day and the Calculation Agent shall use such Rate Corrected Level in 
determining any amounts payable in respect of the Notes. 
(B) 
corrections published after the day which is two Business Days prior to the Rate Relevant 
Scheduled Payment Date shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes 
of determining any such amounts payable under the Notes.

--- Page 338 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
338 
(viii) Notifications 
The Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer and each Paying Agent of any determination made 
by it in accordance with this General Condition 5(i)(viii) and the action that it proposes to take in 
respect of any such determination. The Issuer shall notify the Noteholders thereof as soon as 
reasonably practicable thereafter in accordance with General Condition 13 (Notices). Failure by 
the Calculation Agent to notify the Issuer or any Paying Agent or failure by the Issuer to notify 
the Noteholders of any such determination will not affect the validity of any such determination. 
(ix) 
Additional Definitions relating to Notes linked to a Rate 
“Rate Closing Level” means, in respect of a Rate and a Note Valuation Date, the percentage rate 
of such Rate for such Note Valuation Date, which appears on the applicable Electronic Page as 
of the Rate Valuation Time. For the avoidance of doubt, a Rate will be determined as of the Rate 
Valuation Time which may not be the “closing time” and a Rate may only be determined once on 
any Rate Scheduled Trading Day. 
“Rate Disrupted Day” means, in respect of a Rate, any Rate Scheduled Trading Day for such 
Rate on which the percentage rate of such Rate for such Rate Scheduled Trading Day does not 
appear on the Electronic Page. 
“Rate Scheduled Trading Day” shall, in respect of a Rate, have the meaning given to it for such 
Rate in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Rate Valuation Time” means, in respect of a Rate, the time specified for such Rate in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
(j) 
Reference Item Valuation Provisions for Notes linked to more than one Reference Item 
The following sub-paragraphs shall apply to Notes linked to more than one Reference Item. 
(i) 
Adjustments to Note Valuation Dates (Scheduled Trading Days) 
(A) 
If “Move In Block” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Subject to General Condition 5(i) (General Provisions relating to all Notes linked to a 
Rate), if a Specified Note Valuation Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for any 
Reference Item, then the Note Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding day 
immediately following such Specified Note Valuation Date which is a Scheduled Trading 
Day for all of the Reference Items, unless in the opinion of the Calculation Agent such 
day is a Disrupted Day for any of the Reference Items, the provisions relating to 
adjustment to Note Valuation Dates for Disrupted Days set out in the Condition(s) 
applicable to the relevant Reference Item(s), shall apply. 
(B) 
If “Value What You Can” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If a Specified Note Valuation Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day for any Reference Item, 
then: 
(1) 
the Note Valuation Date for each Reference Item for which such Specified Note 
Valuation Date is a Scheduled Trading Day shall be such Specified Note Valuation 
Date, unless in the opinion of the Calculation Agent such day is a Disrupted Day 
for such Reference Item, in which case the provisions relating to adjustment to 
Note Valuation Dates for Disrupted Days set out in the Condition(s) applicable to 
the relevant Reference Item(s), shall apply; and

--- Page 339 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
339 
(2) 
the Note Valuation Date for each Reference Item for which such Specified Note 
Valuation Date is not a Scheduled Trading Day shall be the first succeeding day 
immediately following such Specified Note Valuation Date which is a Scheduled 
Trading Day for such affected Reference Item, unless in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent such day is a Disrupted Day for such Reference Item, in which 
case the provisions relating to adjustment to Note Valuation Dates for Disrupted 
Days set out in the Condition(s) applicable to the relevant Reference Item(s), shall 
apply. 
(ii) 
Adjustments to Note Valuation Dates (Disrupted Days) 
(A) 
If “Move In Block” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If such Specified Note Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day for any Reference Item, then the 
Note Valuation Date shall be the earlier of: (I) the first succeeding day immediately 
following such Specified Note Valuation Date which is a Scheduled Trading Day for all 
the Reference Items and which is not a Disrupted Day for all of the Reference Items; and 
(II) the Scheduled Trading Day for all the Reference Items which is the Valuation Roll 
number of Scheduled Trading Days for all the Reference Items immediately following 
such Specified Note Valuation Date. 
(B) 
If “Value What You Can” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If such Specified Note Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day for any Reference Item, then: 
(1) 
if such Specified Note Valuation Date is not a Disrupted Day for a Reference Item, 
then the Note Valuation Date for such Reference Item shall be such Specified Note 
Valuation Date; and 
(2) 
if such Specified Note Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day for a Reference Item, 
then the Note Valuation Date for such Reference Item shall be the earlier of: (1) the 
first succeeding day immediately following such Specified Note Valuation Date 
which is a Scheduled Trading Day for such Reference Item and which is not a 
Disrupted Day for such Reference Item; and (2) the Scheduled Trading Day which 
is the Valuation Roll number of Scheduled Trading Days for such Reference Item 
immediately following such Specified Note Valuation Date.  
(k) 
Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates and Maximum/Minimum Reference Rates 
(i) 
Maximum/Minimum Interest Rates 
If a Maximum Interest Rate or Minimum Interest Rate (or both) is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms for an Interest Rate in respect of an Interest Period and/or any relevant day (including 
any Interest Payment Date), then if the Interest Rate for such Interest Period and/or such day 
calculated in accordance with the other terms of this General Condition 5(k)(i) would otherwise 
be (1) greater than such Maximum Interest Rate, the Interest Rate shall be such Maximum Interest 
Rate, or (2) less than such Minimum Interest Rate, the Interest Rate shall be such Minimum 
Interest Rate. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Issue Terms, the Minimum Interest Rate for each Interest 
Period shall be deemed to be zero.

--- Page 340 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
340 
(ii) 
Maximum/Minimum Reference Rates 
If a Maximum Reference Rate or Minimum Reference Rate (or both) is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms for a Reference Rate in respect of an Interest Period and/or any relevant day 
(including any Interest Payment Date), then if the Reference Rate for such Interest Period and/or 
such day calculated in accordance with the other terms of this General Condition 5(k)(ii) would 
otherwise be (1) greater than such Maximum Reference Rate, the Reference Rate shall be such 
Maximum Reference Rate, or (2) less than such Minimum Reference Rate, the Interest Rate shall 
be such Minimum Reference Rate. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Issue Terms, the Minimum Reference Rate in respect of 
any Reference Rate for an Interest Period or any relevant day (as applicable) shall be deemed to 
be zero. 
(l) 
Determination and Publication of Interest Rates and Interest Amounts 
As soon as practicable after each Interest Determination Date or, as applicable, all the Interest 
Determination Dates relevant for the determination of the relevant Interest Rate, the Calculation Agent 
will determine the Interest Rate and calculate the Interest Amounts in respect of each Specified 
Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. The Interest Amounts and the Interest Rate so published 
may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) 
without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due 
and payable under General Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase), the interest (if any) and the Interest 
Rate payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in 
accordance with this General Condition 5(l) but no publication of the Interest Rate or the Interest Amount 
so calculated need be made. 
(m) 
Notification of Interest Rate and Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Interest Rate and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and 
the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and any stock exchange 
on which the relevant Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance 
with General Condition 13 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later 
than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. For the purposes of this General Condition 5(m), the 
expression “London Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks 
and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London. 
(n) 
Linear Interpolation 
(i) 
Applicability 
Where “Linear Interpolation” applies in respect of an Interest Period, the Interest Rate for such 
Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation 
by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (or the relevant Floating Rate 
Option, one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time 
for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the 
other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for 
which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, provided that 
if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, 
then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources 
as it determines appropriate.

--- Page 341 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
341 
(ii) 
Floating Rate Options 
In respect of a Floating Rate Option to which “ISDA Determination: 2006 ISDA Definitions” or 
“ISDA Determination: 2021 ISDA Definitions” applies, if “2006 ISDA Definitions Linear 
Interpolation” or “2021 ISDA Definitions Linear Interpolation”, as applicable, also applies in 
respect of an Interest Period, then “Linear Interpolation” shall be deemed to be not applicable.  
(o) 
Interest on Swedish Notes 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, interest on Swedish Notes for which 
“Accrual” applies in the applicable Issue Terms shall be calculated from (but excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date to (and including) the Interest Payment Date. 
6. 
Redemption and Purchase 
All references to the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee in the General 
Conditions including but not limited to this General Condition 6 shall be ignored in relation to 
Notes issued by CGMFL and all references to the CGMFL Guarantor and the CGMFL Deed of 
Guarantee in the General Conditions including but not limited to this General Condition 6 shall 
be ignored in relation to Notes issued by CGMHI. 
(a) 
Final Redemption or Termination 
Unless otherwise provided in the Conditions, or unless previously redeemed, terminated or purchased 
and cancelled as provided in General Condition 6(c) (Early Redemption of the Notes), if “Redemption 
at Maturity” applies, each Note will be redeemed or terminated (as applicable) in the Settlement 
Currency at the amount (the “Redemption Amount”) specified in, or determined in the manner specified 
in the Issue Terms on the Maturity Date or, in the case of a Note to which General Condition 6(b) 
(Redemption by instalments) applies, its final Instalment Amount.  
(b) 
Redemption by instalments 
Unless otherwise provided in the Conditions, or unless previously redeemed in full, terminated or 
purchased and cancelled as provided in General Condition 6(c) (Early Redemption of the Notes), if 
“Redemption by Instalments” applies, such Note (an “Instalment Note”) shall be partially redeemed on 
each Instalment Date at the related Instalment Amount. The outstanding nominal amount of each such 
Note shall be reduced by the relevant Instalment Amount (or, if such Instalment Amount is calculated 
by reference to a proportion of the nominal amount of such Note, such proportion) for all purposes with 
effect from the related Instalment Date, unless payment of the Instalment Amount is improperly withheld 
or refused, in which case, such amount shall remain outstanding until the Relevant Due Date relating to 
such Instalment Amount. 
(c) 
Early Redemption of the Notes 
The Notes may (where applicable) be redeemed prior to their Maturity Date upon the occurrence of any 
of the events set out in General Conditions 6(b)(i) to (viii) below. 
Upon payment of the Early Redemption Amount in respect of a Note, all obligations of the Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor in respect of such Note shall be discharged. 
(i) 
Early Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
The Notes may, if “Redemption for Taxation Reasons” is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, be redeemed at the option of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the 
CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, at any time, on giving not less than 30 or more than 60

--- Page 342 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
342 
days’ notice in accordance with General Condition 13 (Notices) (which notice shall be 
irrevocable). 
If the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, elects to 
redeem the Notes early, each Note shall be redeemed on the Early Redemption Date by payment 
of its Early Redemption Amount, if the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, 
as the case may be, has or will become obligated to pay additional interest on such Notes pursuant 
to General Condition 8 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws (or any 
regulations or rulings promulgated thereunder) of Luxembourg (where the Issuer is CGMFL) or 
the United States (where the Issuer is CGMHI) or England and Wales (where the Issuer is 
CGMFL) or, in any such case any political subdivisions or taxing authorities thereof or therein, 
or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws, regulations or rulings, 
which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which any person 
(including any person acting as underwriter, broker or dealer) agrees to purchase the first Tranche 
of any of such Notes pursuant to the original issuance of such first Tranche, and such obligation 
cannot be avoided by the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case 
may be, taking reasonable measures available to it; provided that no such notice of redemption 
shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, would be obligated to pay such 
additional interest were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this General Condition 6(b)(i), 
the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, shall deliver to 
the Fiscal Agent or the Swedish Notes Issuing and Paying Agent in the case of Swedish Notes or 
the Finnish Notes Issuing and Paying Agent in the case of Finnish Notes (i) a certificate signed 
by an officer of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, 
stating that the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, is 
entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the 
conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, 
as the case may be, so to redeem have occurred and (ii) a legal opinion, from lawyers of 
recognised standing in Luxembourg, the United States or the UK, as applicable, to the effect that 
the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, has or will 
become obligated to pay such additional interest as a result of such change or amendment. 
(ii) 
Early Redemption following the occurrence of an Illegality 
If “Early Redemption following the occurrence of an Illegality” is specified as being applicable 
in the applicable Issue Terms and: 
(A) 
the Issuer determines that the performance of its obligations under the Notes; and/or 
(B) 
the CGMHI Guarantor determines that the performance of its obligations under the 
CGMHI Deed of Guarantee or the CGMFL Guarantor determines that the performance of 
its obligations under the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee, as the case may be, 
has or will become unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part for any reason, 
the Issuer may, by giving notice to Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13 
(Notices), redeem each Note on the Early Redemption Date by payment of an amount per Note 
equal to its Early Redemption Amount. 
(iii) 
Early Redemption following the occurrence of an Early Redemption Event 
If, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, an Early Redemption Event occurs, then:

--- Page 343 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
343 
(A) 
the Issuer shall redeem, in the case of “Early Redemption following Adjustment Event” 
all (but not some only) of the Notes; 
(B) 
the Issuer may redeem, in the case of a Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event, all 
(but not some only) of the Notes; 
(C) 
the Issuer may redeem, in the case of or a Section 871(m) Event, all (but not some only) 
of the Notes; 
(D) 
the Issuer shall redeem, in the case of Inflation Linked Notes, in respect of which the 
Calculation Agent has determined that no Successor Index can be determined under 
General Condition 5(g)(v)(C) (Substitution of an Inflation Index) or no adjustment can 
reasonably be made under General Condition 5(g)(v)(D) (Modification of an Inflation 
Index), all (but not some only) of the Notes; or 
(E) 
the Issuer may redeem, in the case of an Obligor Regulatory Event, all or some of the 
Notes, 
in each case on the Early Redemption Date by payment of an amount in respect of each Note 
equal to its Early Redemption Amount.  
(iv) 
Early Redemption following the occurrence of an Event of Default 
If an Event of Default with respect to any Outstanding Notes occurs and is continuing, then in 
every such case the holders of not less than 25 per cent. in principal amount or number of the 
Outstanding Notes may declare the Notes, by a notice in writing to the Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor and the Fiscal Agent, to be immediately due and payable, 
following which each Note shall become due and repayable at its Early Redemption Amount. 
(v) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
If, in respect of Notes other than Swedish Notes, “Issuer Call” applies, the Issuer may, having 
given the number of days’ notice specified in the applicable Issue Terms or, if none is so specified: 
(A) 
not less than, five nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
General Condition 13(a) (Notices); and 
(B) 
not less than five days’ notice to the Registrar, 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption (such date, the 
“Optional Redemption Date”)), redeem all or some only of the Outstanding Notes on the 
Optional Redemption Date and, in respect of each Note at the relevant Optional Redemption 
Amount. Any such redemption must be of a principal amount or number not less than the 
Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each 
case as may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
If, in respect of Swedish Notes, “Issuer Call” applies, the Issuer may, having given: 
(A) 
not less than five nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
General Condition 13 (Notices); and 
(B) 
not less than five days’ notice to the Swedish Notes Issuing and Paying Agent and 
Euroclear Sweden, respectively, 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption and shall 
specify the Notes or the amount of the Notes as well as the closed period), redeem all of the

--- Page 344 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
344 
Outstanding Notes on the Optional Redemption Date in respect of each Note at the relevant 
Optional Redemption Amount. Any such redemption must be of a principal amount or number 
not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption 
Amount in each case as may be specified in the applicable Issue Terms. The redemption 
procedures for Swedish Notes will be subject to the Swedish CSD Rules. 
(vi) 
Redemption or adjustment for benchmark events 
(A) 
Hierarchy Provisions and Adjustments 
In relation to any event or circumstance affecting an interest rate, the fallback provisions 
described below must be applied in the order shown below, in each case where applicable 
for the relevant interest rate and the event or circumstance. If the first applicable option 
shown does not apply to the relevant interest rate and the relevant event or circumstance 
then the next option set out below which does should be applied. Without limitation, the 
fallback provisions below may be applied in accordance with their terms in relation to any 
relevant interest rate which itself has been previously determined pursuant to these 
fallback provisions 
(I) 
USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions 
The USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions set out in General Condition 6(b)(vi)(C) 
(USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions) shall apply where the applicable Issue Terms 
specify USD LIBOR (howsoever described and as amended from time to time 
pursuant to the provisions of the USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions) to be applicable 
in respect of the Notes. 
(II) 
Reference Rate Event Provisions 
The Reference Rate Event Provisions set out in General Condition 6(b)(vi)(D) 
(Reference Rate Event Provisions) shall apply where the applicable Issue Terms 
specify any Impacted Rate to be applicable in respect of the Notes provided that 
the USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions set out in General Condition 6(b)(vi)(C) 
(USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions) do not apply to the relevant Impacted Rate as a 
result of the relevant event or circumstance. 
For the purposes hereof and of the Reference Rate Event Provisions and 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions: 
“Impacted Rate” means any interest rate (howsoever described in the Conditions 
and as amended from time to time pursuant to the provisions of the Reference Rate 
Event Provisions), which may include, without limitation, (i) any floating rate 
determined by reference to (a) “General Screen Rate Determination”, (b) “USD 
LIBOR Screen Rate Determination”, (c) “ISDA Determination”, (d) “SONIA 
Screen Rate Determination” or (e) “SOFR Screen Rate Determination”, or (ii) any 
swap rate, or (iii) any Reference Item which is a Rate and, in each case will, where 
appropriate and without limitation, include any related component or underlying 
rate (including, for the purposes of the 2021 ISDA Definitions, any Underlying 
Benchmark, as defined therein), tenor or index rate. 
(III) 
Administrator/Benchmark Event Provisions 
The Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions set out in General Condition 
6(b)(vi)(B) (Administrator/Benchmark Event) shall apply where the applicable

--- Page 345 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
345 
Issue Terms specify any Benchmark to be applicable in respect of the Notes, 
provided that the USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions set out in General Condition 
6(b)(vi)(C) (USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions) and the Reference Rate Event 
Provisions set out in General Condition 6(b)(vi)(D) (Reference Rate Event 
Provisions) do not apply to the relevant Benchmark as a result of the relevant event 
or circumstance. 
(IV) 
Notes linked to a Rate 
In respect of Reference Items which are Rates, the provisions in these Terms and 
Conditions relating to the determination of the Rate Closing Level on any Rate 
Scheduled Trading Day in the event of the occurrence of any Rate Disrupted Day, 
the provisions relating to the consequences of any such Rate Disrupted Day set out 
in General Condition 5(i) (General Provisions relating to all Notes linked to a Rate) 
(the “Underlying Rate Fallback Provisions”) shall apply to any such Rate, 
provided that none of the USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions set out in General 
Condition 6(b)(vi)(C) (USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions), the Reference Rate 
Event Provisions set out in General Condition 6(b)(vi)(D) (Reference Rate Event 
Provisions) and the Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions set out in General 
Condition 6(b)(vi)(B) (Administrator/Benchmark Event) apply to the relevant rate 
as a result of a relevant event or circumstance. 
(V) 
“General Screen Rate Determination”, “USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination” 
and “ISDA Determination” 
The provisions relating to the determination of relevant floating rates set out in the 
SRD Fallback Provisions in General Condition 5(c)(ii) (General Screen Rate 
Determination), the USD LIBOR SRD Fallback Provisions in General Condition 
5(c)(iii) (USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination) and the “ISDA Determination” 
provisions in General Condition 5(c)(viii) (ISDA Determination: 2006 ISDA 
Definitions) or 5(c)(ix) (ISDA Determination: 2021 ISDA Definitions) shall apply 
where “Screen Rate Determination”, “USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination” 
and/or “ISDA Determination” respectively are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Issue Terms, provided that none of the USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions 
set out in General Condition 6(b)(vi)(C) (USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions), the 
Reference Rate Event Provisions set out in General Condition 6(b)(vi)(D) 
(Reference Rate Event Provisions), the Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions 
set out in General Condition 6(b)(vi)(B) (Administrator/Benchmark Event) and the 
provisions in respect of relevant Notes linked to a Rate apply to the relevant 
floating rate as a result of a relevant event or circumstance. 
(VI) 
SONIA Screen Rate Determination and SOFR Screen Rate Determination 
The provisions relating to the determination of relevant floating rates set out in the 
SONIA Fallback Provisions in General Condition 5(c)(iv) (SONIA Screen Rate 
Determination) and the SOFR Fallback Provisions in General Condition 5(c)(v) 
(SOFR Screen Rate Determination), shall apply where “SONIA Screen Rate 
Determination” and/or “SOFR Screen Rate Determination” (respectively) are 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms, provided that none of the Reference Rate 
Event Provisions set out in General Condition 6(b)(vi)(D) (Reference Rate Event 
Provisions) and the Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions set out in General

--- Page 346 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
346 
Condition 6(b)(vi)(B) (Administrator/Benchmark Event) apply to the relevant 
floating rate as a result of a relevant event or circumstance. 
(VII) Adjustments 
Any adjustments to the Conditions (including the determination of any adjustment 
spread or factor, however defined) which the Determination Agent determines are 
necessary or appropriate pursuant to the provisions of the USD LIBOR Fallback 
Provisions set out General Condition 6(b)(vi)(C) (USD LIBOR Fallback 
Provisions), the Reference Rate Event Provisions set out in General Condition 
6(b)(vi)(D) (Reference Rate Event Provisions) and the Administrator/Benchmark 
Event provisions set out General Condition 6(b)(vi)(B) (Administrator/Benchmark 
Event): 
(i) 
shall be made to the extent reasonably practicable, but also taking into 
account prevailing industry standards in any related market (including, 
without limitation, the derivatives market);  
(ii) 
may include, where applicable and without limitation, (A) technical, 
administrative or operational changes (including without limitation, 
changes to determination dates, timing and frequency of determining rates 
and making payments, rounding of amounts or tenors, the introduction of 
any time delay or lag between the calculation or observation period of a rate 
and the related payment dates and other administrative matters) that the 
Determination Agent decides are appropriate, (B) the application of any 
adjustment factor or adjustment spread (whether or not expressly referenced 
in the relevant provision and which may be positive or negative) and (C) 
adjustments to reflect any increased costs to the Issuer of providing 
exposure to the replacement or successor rate(s) and/or benchmark(s); and  
(iii) 
may be applied on more than one occasion, may be made as of one or more 
effective dates, may but does not have to involve the selection of a successor 
or replacement rate which is determined on a backwards-looking 
compounding basis by reference to a “risk-free rate” and which, unless the 
context otherwise requires or it is inappropriate, will be the relevant rate in 
relation to the then current and all future determination days. 
Notwithstanding the provisions of (and all provisions referred to in) this General 
Condition 6(b)(vi)(A) (Hierarchy Provisions and Adjustments), the Determination 
Agent is not obliged to make any adjustment or make any determination in relation 
to the Conditions if the effective date(s) of the relevant adjustment or determination 
would fall after the earlier of (i) the date the affected interest rate is no longer used 
as an interest rate for purposes of the Notes and (ii) the maturity of the Notes. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the provisions of (and all provisions 
referred to in) this General Condition 6(b)(vi)(A) (Hierarchy Provisions and 
Adjustments), the Issuer and/or the Determination Agent may make all 
determinations and/or adjustments and take all actions in respect of the Notes as 
are provided for in connection with a Benchmark Transition Event, Reference Rate 
Event, or Administrator/Benchmark Event, or the occurrence of an event that 
causes the provisions in respect of relevant Notes linked to a Rate to apply (a 
“Substitute or Successor Rate Event”), as applicable, notwithstanding that such

--- Page 347 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
347 
Benchmark Transition Event, Reference Rate Event, or Administrator/Benchmark 
Event or Substitute or Successor Rate Event, as applicable, may have occurred 
before the Issue Date of the Notes. 
(VIII) No duty to monitor  
In relation to any relevant rate and for the purposes of applying the provisions 
referred to in any of General Conditions 6(b)(vi)(A)(I) to (VII) above, inclusive, 
neither the Issuer nor the Determination Agent will have any duty to monitor or 
enquire as to whether any relevant event or circumstance in respect of any such 
rate has occurred to which such provisions might apply. 
(IX) 
Regulatory Obligations 
If:  
(i) 
it is or would be unlawful or prohibited under any applicable law or 
regulation to determine and calculate a replacement interest rate or make 
any other determination or adjustment in accordance with the USD LIBOR 
Fallback Provisions set out in General Condition 6(b)(vi)(C) (USD LIBOR 
Fallback Provisions) below, the Reference Rate Event Provisions set out in 
General Condition 6(b)(vi)(II)(D) (Reference Rate Event Provisions), the 
Underlying Rate Fallback Provisions set out in General Condition 5(i) 
(General Provisions relating to all Notes linked to a Rate), the 
Administrator/Benchmark Event provisions set out in General Condition 
(6)(b)(vi)(II)(B) (Administrator/Benchmark Event), the SRD Fallback 
Provisions set out in General Condition 5(c)(ii) (General Screen Rate 
Determination), the USD LIBOR SRD Fallback Provisions set out in 
General Condition 5(c)(iii) (USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination) and 
the “ISDA Determination” provisions set out in General Condition 5(c)(viii) 
(ISDA Determination: 2006 ISDA Definitions) or 5(c)(ix) (ISDA 
Determination: 2021 ISDA Definitions), as applicable, the SOFR Fallback 
Provisions set out in General Condition 5(c)(v) (SOFR Screen Rate 
Determination) or the SONIA Fallback Provisions as set out in General 
Condition 5(c)(iv) (SONIA Screen Rate Determination) (each a “Reference 
Rate Fallback Provision”) or it would be unlawful were a determination 
to be made at that time; or  
(ii) 
it would contravene any applicable licensing requirements to determine a 
replacement interest rate or make any other determination or adjustment in 
accordance with any applicable Reference Rate Fallback Provision (or it 
would contravene those licensing requirements were a determination to be 
made at that time); or  
(iii) 
the Determination Agent determines that an adjustment spread (however 
described in the Reference Rate Fallback Provisions) is or, would be a 
benchmark, index or other price source whose production, publication, 
methodology or governance would subject the Determination Agent to 
material additional regulatory obligations which it is unwilling to undertake,

--- Page 348 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
348 
then the Determination Agent shall not be obliged to make the relevant 
determination or adjustment and may instead take any alternative action under the 
Conditions as it determines appropriate. 
(B) 
Administrator/Benchmark Event 
This General Condition 6(b)(vi)(B) shall apply in the circumstances specified in General 
Condition 6(b)(vi)(A) (Hierarchy Provisions and Adjustments). 
If an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs: 
(I) 
the Determination Agent may make such adjustment(s) to the terms of the Notes 
as the Determination Agent determines necessary or appropriate to account for the 
effect of the relevant event or circumstance and, without limitation, such 
adjustments may (a) consist of one or more amendments and/or be made on one or 
more dates (b) be determined by reference to any adjustment(s) in respect of the 
relevant event or circumstance made in relation to any hedging arrangements in 
respect of the Notes and (c) include selecting a successor benchmark(s) and making 
related adjustments to the terms of the Notes, and, in the case of more than one 
successor benchmark, making provision for allocation of exposure as between the 
successor benchmarks; or 
(II) 
the Issuer may (if so specified in the applicable Issue Terms and at its option) 
redeem the Notes on a day selected by the Issuer, in which case each Note shall be 
redeemed by payment of an amount equal to its Early Redemption Amount. 
Provided that the Determination Agent has fully determined any adjustment(s) as provided 
above to the terms of the Notes, the Determination Agent shall notify the Issuer of such 
determination made by it and the action that it proposes to take in respect of any such 
determination as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event prior to the earliest 
relevant effective date. The Issuer shall notify the Noteholders thereof or of any election 
to redeem the Notes as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter in accordance with 
General Condition 13(a) (Notices). Failure by the Determination Agent to notify the Issuer 
or failure by the Issuer to notify the Noteholders of any such determination or election will 
not affect the validity of any such determination or election. 
(C) 
USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions 
This General Condition 6(b)(vi)(C) (the “USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions”) shall apply 
in the circumstances specified in General Condition 6(b)(vi)(A) (Hierarchy Provisions 
and Adjustments). 
(I) 
USD LIBOR Benchmark Transition Event 
Notwithstanding any other provision to the contrary in the Conditions, if the 
Determination Agent determines on or prior to any relevant Interest Determination 
Date or other date on which a USD Benchmark is required to be determined that a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date (each, 
as defined below) have occurred with respect to a USD Benchmark, then (subject 
as provided in General Condition 6(b)(vi)(C)(III) (Interim Adjustments))) the 
provisions set forth in General Condition 6(b)(vi)(C)(II) (Effect of Benchmark 
Transition Event) (the “Benchmark Transition Provisions”) will apply.

--- Page 349 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
349 
(II) 
Effect of Benchmark Transition Event 
Benchmark Replacement: If the Determination Agent determines that a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior 
to the Reference Time in respect of any determination of the USD Benchmark on 
any date, then, subject as provided in General Condition 6(b)(vi)(C)(III) (Interim 
Adjustments) below, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current 
USD Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of such 
determination on such date and all determinations on all subsequent dates 
(including without limitation, the determination of any Interest Rate or amount 
payable or deliverable in respect of the Notes determined by reference to the then 
current USD Benchmark). 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes: In connection with the 
implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Determination Agent will have 
the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time. 
Decisions and Determinations: Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 
Conditions, any determination, decision or election that may be made by the 
Determination Agent pursuant to the Benchmark Transition Provisions described 
herein, including, without limitation, any determination with respect to tenor, rate 
or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or 
date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, will be made in the 
Determination Agent’s sole discretion, and, notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in the Conditions, shall become effective without consent from the 
Noteholders or any other party. 
Notification to Noteholders: Provided that the Determination Agent has fully 
determined the Benchmark Replacement and the Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes for purposes of the Notes, the Determination Agent shall 
notify the Issuer of any determination made by it in accordance with the above and 
the action that it proposes to take in respect of any such determination, decision or 
election as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event prior to the relevant 
Benchmark Replacement Date. The Issuer shall notify the Noteholders thereof as 
soon as reasonably practicable thereafter in accordance with General Condition 
13(a) (Notices). Failure by the Determination Agent to notify the Issuer or failure 
by the Issuer to notify the Noteholders of any such determination will not affect 
the validity of any such determination. 
(III) 
Interim Adjustments 
If, following a Benchmark Transition Event but prior to any replacement or 
adjustments having occurred pursuant to General Condition 6(b)(vi)(C)(I) (USD 
LIBOR Benchmark Transition Event) and (II) (Effect of Benchmark Transition 
Event), a USD Benchmark is required for any determination in respect of the Notes 
and, at the time of the relevant determination, a Benchmark Replacement and any 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment have not been determined and relevant 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes have not been made in accordance 
with General Conditions 6(b)(vi)(C)(I) (USD LIBOR Benchmark Transition Event) 
and (II) (Effect of Benchmark Transition Event) and:

--- Page 350 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
350 
(1) 
if such USD Benchmark is still available, and it is still permitted under 
applicable law or regulation for the Notes to reference such USD 
Benchmark and for the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent or the 
Determination Agent, as applicable, to use such USD Benchmark to 
perform its or their respective obligations under the Notes, such USD 
Benchmark shall be determined pursuant to the terms that would apply to 
the determination of such USD Benchmark as if no Benchmark Transition 
Event had occurred; or 
(2) 
if such USD Benchmark is no longer available or it is no longer permitted 
under applicable law or regulation applicable to the Issuer and/or the 
Calculation Agent or the Determination Agent, as applicable, for the Notes 
to reference such USD Benchmark or for any such entity to use such USD 
Benchmark to perform its or their respective obligations under the Notes, 
such USD Benchmark shall be determined by the Determination Agent in 
its sole and absolute discretion (notwithstanding anything to the contrary in 
the Conditions), after consulting any source it deems to be reasonable, as 
(a) a substitute or successor rate that it has determined is the industry-
accepted (in the derivatives market) substitute or successor rate for USD 
LIBOR of the relevant tenor or (b) if it determines there is no such industry-
accepted (in the derivatives market) substitute or successor rate, a substitute 
or successor rate that it determines is a commercially reasonable alternative 
to such USD Benchmark, taking into account prevailing industry standards 
in any related market (including, without limitation, the derivatives market). 
If such USD Benchmark is determined as any such substituted or successor 
rate, the Determination Agent may make such other amendments to the 
Notes which it considers are necessary and/or appropriate to reflect the 
adoption of such substituted or successor rate.  
If the Determination Agent determines such USD Benchmark in accordance with 
General Condition 6(b)(vi)(C)(III)(2) above only, the Determination Agent shall 
notify the Issuer of such determination made by it and the action that it proposes to 
take in respect of any such determination. The Issuer shall notify the Noteholders 
thereof as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter in accordance with General 
Condition 13(a) (Notices). Failure by the Determination Agent to notify the Issuer 
or failure by the Issuer to notify the Noteholders of any such determination will not 
affect the validity of any such determination. 
For the purposes of this General Condition 6(b)(vi)(C): 
“Benchmark Replacement” means the Interpolated Benchmark with respect to the then-
current USD Benchmark, plus the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment for such USD 
Benchmark; provided that if the Determination Agent cannot determine the Interpolated 
Benchmark as of the Benchmark Replacement Date, then “Benchmark Replacement” 
means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the 
Determination Agent as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(i) 
the sum of (x) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (y) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment;  
(ii) 
the sum of (x) Term SOFR and (y) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;

--- Page 351 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
351 
(iii) 
the sum of (x) Compounded SOFR and (y) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; 
(iv) 
the sum of (x) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended 
by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current USD 
Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor and (y) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; or 
(v) 
the sum of (x) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the 
Determination Agent as the replacement for the then-current USD Benchmark for 
the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted rate of interest as a replacement for the then-current USD Benchmark for 
U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate securities at such time and (y) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment. 
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Determination Agent as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date: 
(i) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, then the ISDA Fallback Adjustment;  
(ii) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; or 
(iii) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has 
been selected by the Determination Agent giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current USD Benchmark with the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated 
floating rate securities at such time. 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including 
without limitation, changes to the determination dates, timing and frequency of 
determining rates and making payments, rounding of amounts or tenors, the introduction 
of any time delay or lag between the calculation or observation period of a rate and the 
related payment dates and other administrative matters) that the Determination Agent 
decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a 
manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Determination Agent 
decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively 
feasible or if the Determination Agent determines that no market practice for use of the 
Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Determination Agent 
determines is reasonably necessary). 
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the following events with 
respect to the then-current USD Benchmark: 
(i) 
in the case of paragraph (i) or (ii) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition 
Event”, the later of (x) the date of the public statement or publication of information

--- Page 352 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
352 
referenced therein and (y) the date on which the administrator of the USD 
Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the USD Benchmark; or 
(ii) 
in the case of paragraph (II) of the definition of “Benchmark Transition Event”, the 
later of (x) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein and (y) the date on which the USD Benchmark ceases to be representative 
by reference to the most recent public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein or, if earlier, the date the USD Benchmark is no longer provided. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date 
occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior 
to the Reference Time for such determination. 
“Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events with respect to the then-current USD Benchmark: 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator 
of the USD Benchmark announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease 
to provide the USD Benchmark, permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide the USD Benchmark; 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the USD Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of the 
USD Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for 
the USD Benchmark, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator 
for the USD Benchmark or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator for the USD Benchmark, which states that the 
administrator of the USD Benchmark has ceased or will cease to provide the USD 
Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement 
or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
USD Benchmark; or 
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the USD Benchmark announcing that the USD Benchmark is 
no longer representative, or as of a specified future date will no longer be capable 
of being representative, of any relevant underlying market(s) or economic reality 
that such USD Benchmark is intended to measure. 
“Compounded SOFR” means the compounded average of SOFRs for the applicable 
Corresponding Tenor, with the rate, or methodology for this rate, and conventions for this 
rate being established by the Determination Agent in accordance with: 
(i) 
the rate, or methodology for this rate, and conventions for this rate selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for determining compounded 
SOFR; provided that: 
(ii) 
if, and to the extent that, the Determination Agent determines that Compounded 
SOFR cannot be determined in accordance with the previous paragraph then the 
rate, or methodology for this rate, and conventions for this rate that have been 
selected by the Determination Agent giving due consideration to any industry-

--- Page 353 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
353 
accepted market practice for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate securities at 
such time. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the calculation of Compounded SOFR shall exclude the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
“Corresponding Tenor” with respect to a Benchmark Replacement means a tenor 
(including overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding business day 
adjustment) as the applicable tenor for the then-current USD Benchmark. 
“Interpolated Benchmark” means, with respect to the USD Benchmark, the rate 
determined for the Corresponding Tenor by interpolating on a linear basis between (x) the 
USD Benchmark for the longest period (for which the USD Benchmark is available) that 
is shorter than the Corresponding Tenor and (y) the USD Benchmark for the shortest 
period (for which the USD Benchmark is available) that is longer than the Corresponding 
Tenor.  
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the 
Relevant ISDA Definitions to be determined in relation to the occurrence of an index 
cessation event with respect to the USD Benchmark for the applicable tenor. 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the Relevant ISDA Definitions to be effective in relation to the occurrence of 
an index cessation event with respect to the USD Benchmark for the applicable tenor 
excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment. 
“NY Federal Reserve” means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
“NY Federal Reserve’s Website” means the website of the NY Federal Reserve at 
http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source. 
“Reference Time” means, with respect to any determination of the USD Benchmark: (x) 
if the USD Benchmark is USD LIBOR, 11:00 a.m. (London time) on the date of such 
determination, and (y) if the USD Benchmark is not USD LIBOR, the time determined by 
the Determination Agent in accordance with the Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes. 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the NY 
Federal Reserve, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve 
Board and/or the NY Federal Reserve or any successor thereto. 
“Relevant ISDA Definitions” means any of (i) the 2006 ISDA Definitions or (ii) the 2021 
ISDA Definitions or (iii) any successor definitional booklet to the 2006 ISDA Definitions 
or the 2021 ISDA Definitions, in each case, as selected by the Determination Agent as 
most appropriate at the relevant time by reference to the hedging arrangements for the 
Notes. Where relevant, the Determination Agent may also, but is not required to, 
determine by reference to such hedging arrangements that one or more supplements, 
amendments or updates for interest rate derivatives in respect of the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions or the 2021 ISDA Definitions, as applicable, applies as an integral part of the 
Relevant ISDA Definitions.

--- Page 354 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
354 
“SOFR” means, with respect to any day, the secured overnight financing rate published 
for such day by the NY Federal Reserve, as the administrator of such rate, (or a successor 
administrator), on the NY Federal Reserve’s Website. 
“Term SOFR” means the forward-looking term rate for the applicable Corresponding 
Tenor based on SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant 
Governmental Body. 
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark Replacement excluding 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
“USD Benchmark” means, initially, USD LIBOR of the appropriate tenor; provided that 
if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to USD LIBOR or the then-current USD Benchmark, then “USD 
Benchmark” means the applicable Benchmark Replacement. 
(D) 
Reference Rate Event Provisions 
This General Condition 6(b)(vi)(II)(D) (the “Reference Rate Event Provisions”) shall 
apply in the circumstances specified in General Condition 6(b)(vi)(A) (Hierarchy 
Provisions and Adjustments). 
(I) 
Reference Rate Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, if the Determination 
Agent determines that a Reference Rate Event has occurred in respect of an 
Impacted Rate, the Determination Agent will: 
(1) 
seek to identify a Replacement Reference Rate in respect of such Impacted 
Rate; and  
(2) 
if it identifies a Replacement Reference Rate in respect of the Impacted 
Rate: 
(I) 
calculate an Adjustment Spread that will be applied to the 
Replacement Reference Rate; and 
(II) 
determine such other amendments to the Notes which it 
considers are necessary and/or appropriate in order to account for 
the effect of the replacement of the Impacted Rate with the 
Replacement Reference Rate (as adjusted by the Adjustment 
Spread); and  
(3) 
determine the timing for when the Replacement Reference Rate, 
Adjustment Spread and such other adjustments will become effective in 
relation to the Notes, 
provided that, as an alternative to the procedure described in General Condition 
6(b)(vi)(D)(I)(1), (2) and (3) above, the Determination Agent may instead: (i) 
determine that no Replacement Reference Rate or other amendments to the terms 
of the Notes are required as a result of such Reference Rate Event (such 
determination being a “No Adjustment Determination”); or (ii) make such 
adjustment(s) to the terms of the Notes as it determines necessary or appropriate to 
account for the effect of such Reference Rate Event (the “RRE Adjustments”).

--- Page 355 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
355 
Provided that the Determination Agent has fully determined for purposes of the 
Notes, as applicable, (i) a Replacement Reference Rate and the related timing and 
amendments to the Notes or (ii) the relevant RRE Adjustments, the Determination 
Agent shall notify the Issuer of such determination made by it and the action that 
it proposes to take in respect of any such determination as soon as reasonably 
practicable and in any event prior to the earliest effective date for the relevant 
replacement and amendments or the relevant adjustments, as applicable. The Issuer 
shall notify the Noteholders thereof as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter in 
accordance with General Condition 13(a) (Notices). Failure by the Determination 
Agent to notify the Issuer or failure by the Issuer to notify the Noteholders of any 
such determination will not affect the validity of any such determination. Where 
“Reference Rate Early Redemption” is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Issue Terms and if:  
(1) 
the Determination Agent has not made a No Adjustment Determination and 
the Determination Agent determines that it is not possible or commercially 
reasonable to determine any RRE Adjustments; or 
(2) 
the Determination Agent determines that it is not possible or commercially 
reasonable to identify a Replacement Reference Rate; or 
(3) 
the Determination Agent determines that it is not possible or commercially 
reasonable to calculate an Adjustment Spread,  
the Issuer may redeem the Notes on a day selected by the Issuer, in which case each 
Note shall be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount and the Issuer shall notify 
the Noteholders thereof as soon as reasonably practicable in accordance with 
General Condition 13(a) (Notices). 
(II) 
Interim Adjustments 
If, following a Reference Rate Event but prior to any replacement or amendment 
having become effective pursuant to General Condition 6(b)(vi)(D)(I) (Reference 
Rate Event), the relevant Impacted Rate is required for any determination in respect 
of the Notes and at that time, no replacement or amendments have occurred in 
accordance with General Condition 6(b)(vi)(D)(I) (Reference Rate Event) and: 
(1) 
if the Impacted Rate is still available, and it is still permitted under 
applicable law or regulation for the Notes to reference the Impacted Rate 
and for the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent or the Determination Agent, 
as applicable, to use the Impacted Rate to perform its or their respective 
obligations under the Notes, the level of the Impacted Rate shall be 
determined pursuant to the terms that would apply to the determination of 
the Impacted Rate as if no Reference Rate Event had occurred; or 
(2) 
if the Impacted Rate is no longer available or it is no longer permitted under 
applicable law or regulation applicable to the Issuer and/or the Calculation 
Agent or the Determination Agent, as applicable, for the Notes to reference 
the Impacted Rate or for any such entity to use the Impacted Rate to perform 
its or their respective obligations under the Notes, the level of the Impacted 
Rate shall be determined by the Determination Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion (notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions),

--- Page 356 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
356 
after consulting any source it deems to be reasonable, as (a) a substitute or 
successor rate that it has determined is the industry-accepted (in the 
derivatives market) substitute or successor rate for the relevant Impacted 
Rate (including any temporary substitute or successor rate) or the rate 
published at the relevant time on the last day on which the Impacted Rate 
was published or was permitted to be used in accordance with applicable 
law or regulation (the “Last Permitted Rate”) or (b) if it determines there 
is no such industry-accepted (in the derivatives market) substitute or 
successor rate or the use of the Last Permitted Rate would not produce a 
commercially reasonable result, a substitute or successor rate that it 
determines is a commercially reasonable alternative to the Impacted Rate, 
taking into account prevailing industry standards in any related market 
(including, without limitation, the derivatives market). If such Impacted 
Rate is determined as any such substituted or successor rate, the 
Determination Agent may determine such other amendments to the Notes 
which it considers are necessary and/or appropriate in order to reflect the 
replacement of the Impacted Rate with such substituted or successor rate. 
(III) 
If the Determination Agent determines the Impacted Rate in accordance with 
General Condition 6(b)(vi)(D)(II)(2) above only, the Determination Agent shall 
notify the Issuer of such determination made by it and the action that it proposes to 
take in respect of any such determination. The Issuer shall notify the Noteholders 
thereof as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter in accordance with General 
Condition 13(a) (Notices). Failure by the Determination Agent to notify the Issuer 
or failure by the Issuer to notify the Noteholders of any such determination will not 
affect the validity of any such determination. For the purposes of this General 
Condition 6(b)(vi)(D): 
“Adjustment Spread” means the adjustment, if any, to a Replacement Reference 
Rate that the Determination Agent determines is required in order to reduce any 
transfer of economic value from (i) the Issuer to the Noteholders or (ii) the 
Noteholders to the Issuer, in each case that would otherwise arise as a result of the 
replacement of the Impacted Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate. Any such 
adjustment may be an adjustment spread that would be applied for over-the-counter 
derivatives transactions referencing the relevant Impacted Rate in relation to the 
occurrence of an index cessation event or administrator/benchmark event in respect 
of such Impacted Rate (howsoever described under the terms of the relevant 
transaction) and/or take account of, without limitation, any anticipated transfer of 
economic value as a result of any difference in the term structure or tenor of the 
Replacement Reference Rate by comparison to the Impacted Rate. The Adjustment 
Spread may be positive, negative or zero and/or determined pursuant to a formula 
or methodology. 
“Corresponding Tenor” means, with respect to a Replacement Reference Rate, a 
tenor (including overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding 
business day adjustment) as the applicable tenor for the then-current Impacted 
Rate. 
“Interpolated Reference Rate” means, with respect to the Impacted Rate, the rate 
determined for the Corresponding Tenor by interpolating on a linear basis between:

--- Page 357 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
357 
(1) the Impacted Rate for the longest period for which the Impacted Rate is 
available that is shorter than the Corresponding Tenor and (2) the Impacted Rate 
for the shortest period for which the Impacted Rate is available that is longer than 
the Corresponding Tenor. 
“Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate” means, in respect of the relevant 
Impacted Rate, the first of the indices, benchmarks or other price sources or rates 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms that is not subject to a Reference Rate 
Event. 
“Reference Rate Event” means:  
(i) 
the Determination Agent determines that (a) a material change in the 
relevant Impacted Rate has occurred or will occur, or (b) the permanent or 
indefinite cancellation or cessation in the provision of such Impacted Rate 
has occurred or will occur and there is no successor administrator or 
provider that will continue to provide the Impacted Rate, or (c) a regulator 
or other official sector entity has prohibited or will prohibit the use of or it 
is otherwise not permitted to use such Impacted Rate in respect of the Notes 
or any related hedging arrangements in respect of the Notes which are 
derivative transactions that reference the relevant Impacted Rate;  
(ii) 
the Determination Agent determines that any authorisation, registration, 
recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in 
any official register in respect of the relevant Impacted Rate or the 
administrator or sponsor of the relevant Impacted Rate has not been, or will 
not be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or 
withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or other relevant official 
body, in each case with the effect that the Issuer or the Determination Agent 
or any other entity is not, or will not be, permitted under any applicable law 
or regulation to use the relevant Impacted Rate to perform its or their 
respective obligations under the Notes; 
(iii) 
save where the relevant Issue Terms specify that “Reference Rate Event 
(Limb (iii))” is not applicable, the Determination Agent determines that it is 
not commercially reasonable to continue the use of the relevant Impacted 
Rate in connection with the Notes as a result of any applicable licensing 
restrictions or changes in the cost of obtaining or maintaining any relevant 
licence (including, without limitation, where the Issuer, the Determination 
Agent or any other entity is required to hold a valid licence in order to issue 
or perform its obligations in respect of the Notes and for any reason such 
licence is either not obtained, not renewed or is revoked or there is a material 
change in the cost of obtaining or renewing such licence);  
(iv) 
the Determination Agent determines that there has been a public statement 
or publication of information by the administrator or sponsor of the relevant 
Impacted Rate, any national, regional or other supervisory or regulatory 
authority which is responsible for either (a) supervising the administrator or 
sponsor of the Impacted Rate or (b) regulating the Impacted Rate, the central 
bank for the currency of the Impacted Rate or another official body with 
applicable responsibility announcing that such Impacted Rate is no longer,

--- Page 358 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
358 
or as of a specified future date will no longer be representative, of any 
underlying market and economic reality that such Impacted Rate is intended 
to measure and that representativeness will not be restored; or 
(v) 
the relevant Impacted Rate is the subject of any market-wide development 
in the over-the-counter derivatives market (which may be in the form of a 
protocol, publication of standard terms or otherwise by ISDA) pursuant to 
which such Impacted Rate is or will be replaced with a replacement rate 
with respect to over-the-counter derivatives transactions which reference 
such Impacted Rate.  
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of an Impacted Rate: (i) the 
central bank for the currency in which the Impacted Rate is denominated or any 
central bank or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either the 
Impacted Rate or the administrator of the Impacted Rate; or (ii) any working group 
or committee officially endorsed or convened by (a) the central bank for the 
currency in which the Impacted Rate is denominated, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisor which is responsible for supervising either the Impacted Rate or the 
administrator of the Impacted Rate, (c) a group of those central banks or other 
supervisors, or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
“Replacement Reference Rate” means, in respect of an Impacted Rate, an index, 
benchmark or other price source or rate that the Determination Agent determines 
to be a commercially reasonable alternative for such Impacted Rate, provided that 
the Replacement Reference Rate must be any one of the following: 
(i) 
where applicable, the Interpolated Reference Rate with respect to the then-
current Impacted Rate; or 
(ii) 
a Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate; or 
(iii) 
an index, benchmark, other price source or rate or fall-back rate or 
methodology for calculating an index, benchmark or other price source, rate 
or fall-back rate (which may be formally designated, nominated or 
recommended by (a) any Relevant Nominating Body or (b) the 
administrator or sponsor of the Impacted Rate, or (c) ISDA or any other 
relevant trade association, working group, task-force or committee to 
replace the Impacted Rate) which is recognised or acknowledged as being 
an industry standard replacement for over-the-counter derivative 
transactions which reference such Impacted Rate (which recognition or 
acknowledgment may be in the form of (a) a publication by the relevant 
trade association, working group, task-force or committee, or (b) a press 
release, a member announcement, member advice, letter, protocol, 
publication of standard terms or otherwise by ISDA) (a “Post-nominated 
Replacement Reference Rate”); or 
(iv) 
an index, benchmark, other price source, rate or fallback that the 
Determination Agent determines to be a commercially reasonable 
alternative for the Impacted Rate.

--- Page 359 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
359 
(vii) 
Realisation Disruption Event 
If, in respect of a Series of Notes, “Realisation Disruption Event” applies and a Realisation 
Disruption Event occurs, then the Issuer may either: 
(A) 
direct the Calculation Agent to make such consequential adjustments to any of the terms 
of the Notes (including any payment obligations) as it determines appropriate in order to 
reflect the economic effect of the particular Realisation Disruption Event; or 
(B) 
redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes on a day selected by the Issuer, each Note 
being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to its Early Redemption Amount. 
Any such adjustments by the Calculation Agent may include (but are not limited to) (I) payments 
under the Notes being made in the currency (the “Local Currency”) in which the Hedging 
Positions are denominated or payable rather than the Settlement Currency, (II) deduction of an 
amount equal to the applicable tax, charge or deduction from the relevant payment otherwise due 
under the relevant Notes resulting in reduced amounts paid in respect of the Notes, (III) non-
payment of the relevant payment otherwise due under the relevant Notes until the relevant 
restrictions (including but not limited to all exchange and/or conversion and/or cross-border 
transfer restrictions) are lifted and/or (IV) determination of any relevant exchange rate by the 
Calculation Agent taking into consideration all available information that it deems relevant which 
may result in a different rate to that which would have applied had the Realisation Disruption 
Event not occurred. Any such adjustments will be effective as of the date determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
(viii) Occurrence of an Underlying RMB Currency Event 
If, in respect of a Series of Notes (other than Index Skew Notes), “Underlying RMB Currency 
Event” applies and an Underlying RMB Currency Event occurs, then the Calculation Agent may 
direct the Issuer to: 
(A) 
postpone the Issuer’s obligation to make a payment in RMB under the terms of the Notes 
to the 10th Business Day following the date on which the Underlying RMB Currency 
Event, as determined by the Issuer, ceases to exist (such date of payment by the Issuer, the 
“RMB Currency Settlement Cut-Off Date”); or 
(B) 
pay any amount that is due to be paid in RMB under the terms of the Notes in the RMB 
Relevant Currency instead converted using the RMB Spot Rate for the relevant RMB 
Determination Date. 
Alternatively, the Issuer may redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes on a day selected by 
the Issuer, each Note being redeemed by payment of an amount equal to its Early Redemption 
Amount and the Issuer shall notify the Noteholders thereof as soon as reasonably practicable in 
accordance with General Condition 13 (Notices). 
(d) 
Cancellation 
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor may 
be surrendered for cancellation, if the Notes are Registered Notes, by surrendering the Note representing 
such Notes to the Registrar and, if so surrendered, will, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, 
be cancelled forthwith. Any Notes surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold and the 
obligations of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor in respect of any such Notes 
shall be discharged.

--- Page 360 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
360 
(e) 
Purchases 
The Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor or any of their respective subsidiaries or 
Affiliates may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise at any price. Any Notes so 
purchased may be held or resold or surrendered for cancellation. 
(f) 
Redemption of some (but not all) of the Notes 
In the case of a redemption of some only of the Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (“Redeemed Notes”) 
will be selected, subject to mandatory provisions of Luxembourg law, individually by lot not more than 
30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive 
Notes, and in accordance with the rules of the Relevant Clearing System (in the case of Notes cleared 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) 
in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate. In the case of 
Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes 
will be published in accordance with General Condition 13 (Notices) not less than five days prior to the 
date fixed for redemption. 
7. 
Payments 
All references to the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee in the Conditions 
including but not limited to this General Condition 7 shall be ignored in relation to Notes issued 
by CGMFL. All references to the CGMFL Guarantor and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee in the 
Conditions including but not limited to this General Condition 7 shall be ignored in relation to 
Notes issued by CGMHI. 
(a) 
Registered Notes 
(i) 
Payments of principal (which for the purposes of this General Condition 7(a)(i) shall include final 
Instalment Amounts but not other Instalment Amounts) in respect of Registered Notes (whether 
or not in global form) will be made, where applicable, against presentation and surrender of the 
relevant Note at the specified office of any of the Paying Agents or of the Registrar and in the 
manner provided in General Condition 7(a)(ii) below. 
(ii) 
Payments of interest (which for the purposes of this General Condition 7(a)(ii) shall include all 
Instalment Amounts other than final Instalment Amounts) on Registered Notes will be paid to the 
person shown on the Register: 
(A) 
where such Notes are in global form, at the close of the business day (being for this 
purpose, a day on which the Relevant Clearing System is open for business) before the 
due date for payment thereof; and 
(B) 
where such Notes are in definitive form, at the close of business on the fifteenth day before 
the due date for payment thereof (the “Record Date”). 
Such payments will be made by credit or transfer to an account in the relevant currency designated 
by the holder with a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of that currency or, if the 
currency is Euro, into a Euro account (or any other account to which Euro may be credited or 
transferred) notified to the Registrar by such holder. 
All amounts payable to DTC or its nominee as registered holder of a Global Registered Note Certificate 
in respect of Notes denominated in a Settlement Currency other than U.S. dollars shall be paid by transfer 
by the Fiscal Agent to an account in the Settlement Currency of the Exchange Agent on behalf of DTC

--- Page 361 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
361 
or its nominee for conversion into and payment in U.S. dollars in accordance with the provisions of the 
Fiscal Agency Agreement unless a holder has elected to receive payment in the relevant Settlement 
Currency in accordance with applicable DTC practice. 
(b) 
Payments subject to law, etc. 
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives, 
but without prejudice to the provisions of General Condition 8 (Taxation). No commission or expenses 
shall be charged to the holders of Notes in respect of such payments. 
The holder of a Global Registered Note Certificate shall be the only person entitled to receive payments 
in respect of Notes represented by such Global Registered Note Certificate and the Issuer or, as the case 
may be, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor will be discharged by payment to, or to the 
order of, the holder of such Global Registered Note Certificate in respect of each amount so paid. Each 
of the persons shown in the records of the Relevant Clearing System as the beneficial holder of a 
particular principal amount or number of Notes represented by such Global Registered Note Certificate 
must look solely to the Relevant Clearing System for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer 
or, as the case may be, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor to, or to the order of, the holder 
of such Global Registered Note Certificate. 
(c) 
Payments in respect of Swedish Notes 
General Condition 7(a) (Registered Notes) shall not apply to Swedish Notes. Payments in respect of 
Swedish Notes will be made on the due date for payments to the persons registered as holders in the 
Swedish Notes Register on the fifth Stockholm Banking Day (or such other date in accordance with the 
Swedish CSD Rules) prior to the due date for such payment. 
(d) 
Payments in respect of Finnish Notes 
General Condition 7(a) (Registered Notes) shall not apply to Finnish Notes. Payments in respect of 
Finnish Notes will be made on the due date for payment to the persons registered as holders recorded in 
the Euroclear Finland Register on the first Helsinki Banking Day (or such other date in accordance with 
the rules and procedures applied by Euroclear Finland from time to time) prior to the due date for such 
payment. 
In respect of each Series of Finnish Notes, the Issuer shall at all times maintain a registrar which shall 
be the duly authorised Finnish central securities depository under the Finnish Act on the Book-Entry 
System and Clearing Operations (Fin. laki arvo-osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta (348/2017, 
as amended)) and a Finnish Notes Issuing and Paying Agent duly authorised as an account operator (Fin. 
tilinhoitaja) under the Finnish Act on Book-Entry System and Clearing (Fin. laki arvo-
osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta (348/2017, as amended)). 
A Finnish Notes Issuing and Paying Agent will be appointed by the Issuer and identified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
In relation to Finnish Notes, Euroclear Finland will act as the central securities depositary and clearing 
institution and the Issuer will appoint a Finnish Notes Issuing and Paying Agent for Finnish purposes as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of the relevant central securities depositary 
and clearing institution or the Finnish Notes Issuing and Paying Agent, provided that the Issuer will 
appoint another central securities depositary and clearing institution or Finnish Notes Issuing and Paying 
Agent, each of them to be duly authorised under the Finnish Act on the Book-Entry System and Clearing

--- Page 362 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
362 
Operations (Fin. laki arvo-osuusjärjestelmästä ja selvitystoiminnasta (348/2017, as amended)). Each of 
Euroclear Finland and the Finnish Notes Issuing and Paying Agent acts solely as agent of the Issuer and 
does not assume any obligation to, or relationship or agency or trust with, the Noteholders. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents 
As applicable, the Fiscal Agent, each Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Exchange Agent, each Transfer 
Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Determination Agent, the Swedish Notes Issuing and Paying Agent in 
the case of Swedish Notes or the Finnish Notes Issuing and Paying Agent in the case of Finnish Notes 
initially appointed by the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor and their respective 
specified offices are listed below or in the applicable Issue Terms. The Fiscal Agent, each Paying Agent, 
the Registrar, the Exchange Agent, each Transfer Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Determination Agent, 
the Swedish Notes Issuing and Paying Agent in the case of Swedish Notes or the Finnish Notes Issuing 
and Paying Agent in the case of Finnish Notes act solely as agents or, as the case may be, registrars of 
the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor and do not assume any obligation or 
relationship of agency or trust for or with any holder. The Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL 
Guarantor reserve the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any 
other Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Determination Agent, the Registrar, the Exchange Agent, 
any Transfer Agent, the Swedish Notes Issuing and Paying Agent in the case of Swedish Notes or the 
Finnish Notes Issuing and Paying Agent in the case of Finnish Notes and to appoint additional or other 
agents (any of which may be the Issuer, an Affiliate of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, an affiliate of 
the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor or an Affiliate of the CGMFL Guarantor) provided that 
the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor will at all times maintain: 
(i) 
a Fiscal Agent; 
(ii) 
at any time at which any Registered Note is Outstanding, a Registrar; 
(iii) 
at any time at which any Registered Note cleared through DTC is Outstanding, an Exchange 
Agent in relation thereto; 
(iv) 
at any time at which any Registered Note is Outstanding, a Transfer Agent in relation thereto; 
(v) 
a Calculation Agent; 
(vi) 
a Determination Agent; 
(vii) 
a Paying Agent having a specified office in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated; 
(viii) at any time while any Swedish Note is Outstanding, a Swedish Notes Issuing and Paying Agent 
authorised to act as an issuing agent (Sw. emissionsinstitut) with Euroclear Sweden; 
(ix) 
at any time while any Finnish Note is Outstanding, a Finnish Notes Issuing and Paying Agent 
authorised to act both as an account operator (Fin. tilinhoitaja) and issuer agent (Fin. 
liikkeeseenlaskijan asiamies) with Euroclear Finland; and 
(x) 
such other agents as may be required by the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes may 
be listed. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying 
Agent, any Transfer Agent or the Registrar will promptly be given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
General Condition 13 (Notices).

--- Page 363 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
363 
(f) 
Payment Days 
If, in respect of Notes other than Swedish Notes, any date for payment in respect of any Note is not a 
Payment Day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day nor to 
any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. 
If, in respect of Swedish Notes, any date for payment is not a Swedish Payment Day, the holder shall 
not be entitled to payment until the next following Swedish Payment Day nor to any interest or other 
sum in respect of such postponed payment. 
If, in respect of Finnish Notes, any date for payment in respect of any Finnish Notes is not a Finnish 
Payment Day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Finnish Payment Day 
nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. 
(g) 
Business Day Convention 
(i) 
Application 
If any date referred to in the General Conditions is specified in the applicable Issue Terms to be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with a business day convention (a “Business Day 
Convention”) and (x) such day would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day or (y) 
there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar months in which such date should 
occur, then, subject to Condition 7(g)(ii) (Unscheduled Holidays), if the Business Day 
Convention specified in the applicable Issue Terms is: 
(A) 
the “Floating Rate Convention”, (1) in the case of (x) above such date shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event (A) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day and (B) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day 
of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment 
or (2) in the case of (y) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant 
month and the provisions of (B) above shall apply mutatis mutandis;  
(B) 
the “Following Business Day Convention”, such date shall be postponed to the next day 
which is a Business Day; 
(C) 
the “Modified Following Business Day Convention”, such date shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day; or  
(D) 
the “Preceding Business Day Convention”, such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day. 
(ii) 
Unscheduled Holidays 
If “ISDA Determination: 2021 ISDA Definitions” and Unscheduled Holiday both apply, then in 
the case where Floating Rate Convention, Modified Following Business Day Convention or 
Preceding Business Day Convention apply to a particular date and that date would otherwise fall 
on a day that is not a Business Day as a result of an Unscheduled Holiday: 
(A) 
in respect of any date for payment of interest under the Notes, unless otherwise specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms; or

--- Page 364 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
364 
(B) 
in respect of any Interest Period End Date or Maturity Date, if “Interest Period End 
Date/Maturity Date adjustment for Unscheduled Holiday” applies,  
then, notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 7(g)(i)(A), (C) and (D), such day will instead 
fall on the first following day that is a Business Day.  
For the avoidance of doubt, Noteholders will not be entitled to any additional payment of default 
interest for any delayed payment of interest as a result of an Unscheduled Holiday.  
8. 
Taxation 
All references to the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee in the General 
Conditions including but not limited to this General Condition 8 shall be ignored in relation to 
Notes issued by CGMFL. All references to the CGMFL Guarantor and the CGMFL Deed of 
Guarantee in the General Conditions including but not limited to this General Condition 8 shall 
be ignored in relation to Notes issued by CGMHI. 
(a) 
The provisions of this General Condition 8(a) apply only where CGMHI is the Issuer 
The Issuer and the CGMHI Guarantor will, subject to the exceptions and limitations set forth below, pay 
as additional interest to the holder of any Note or entitled person under the CGMHI Deed of Covenant 
or the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee such amounts as may be necessary so that every net payment on such 
Note or the CGMHI Deed of Covenant or the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee, after deduction or withholding 
for or on account of any present or future tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed upon 
or as a result of such payment by the United States (or any political subdivision or taxing authority 
thereof or therein) will not be less than the amount provided in such Note, the CGMHI Deed of Covenant 
or the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee to be then due and payable. However, the Issuer and the CGMHI 
Guarantor will not be required to make any such payment of additional interest for or on account of: 
(i) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed but for (A) 
the existence of any present or former connection between such holder or beneficial owner or 
entitled person (or between a fiduciary, settlor or beneficiary of, or a person holding a power over, 
such holder or beneficial owner or entitled person, if such holder or beneficial owner or entitled 
person is an estate or a trust, or a member or shareholder of such holder or beneficial owner or 
entitled person, if such holder or beneficial owner or entitled person is a partnership or 
corporation) and the United States, including, without limitation, such holder or beneficial owner 
or entitled person (or such fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, person holding a power, member or 
shareholder) being or having been a citizen or resident thereof or being or having been engaged 
in trade or business or present therein or having or having had a permanent establishment therein 
or (B) such holder’s or beneficial owner’s or entitled person’s past or present status as a personal 
holding company or private foundation or other tax-exempt organisation with respect to the 
United States or as a corporation that accumulates earnings to avoid United States federal income 
tax; 
(ii) 
any estate, inheritance, gift, sales, transfer or personal property tax or any similar tax, assessment 
or other governmental charge; 
(iii) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed but for the 
presentation for payment or demand for payment, as the case may be, by the holder or beneficial 
owner or entitled person of a Note, under the CGMHI Deed of Covenant or under the CGMHI 
Deed of Guarantee more than 15 days after the date on which such payment became due and 
payable or on which payment thereof was duly provided for, whichever occurs later (the 
“Relevant Date”); or

--- Page 365 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
365 
(iv) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that is payable otherwise than by deduction or 
withholding from a payment on a Note, under the CGMHI Deed of Covenant or under the 
CGMHI Deed of Guarantee; 
(v) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge required to be deducted or withheld by any 
Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, from a payment on a Note, under the CGMHI 
Deed of Covenant or under the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee if such payment can be made without 
such deduction or withholding by any other Paying Agent or the Registrar (if applicable); 
(vi) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed but for a 
failure to comply with applicable certification, documentation, information or other reporting 
requirement concerning the nationality, residence, identity or connection with the United States 
of the holder or beneficial owner of or entitled person under a Note, the CGMHI Deed of 
Covenant or the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee if, without regard to any tax treaty, such compliance 
is required by statute or regulation of the United States as a precondition to relief or exemption 
from such tax, assessment or other governmental charge; 
(vii) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed on a holder or beneficial owner or 
entitled person that actually or constructively owns 10 per cent. or more of the combined voting 
power of all classes of stock of the Issuer as described in Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code, that 
is a bank receiving interest described in Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, that receives 
contingent interest described in Section 871(h)(4) of the Code or that is a controlled foreign 
corporation related to the Issuer through stock ownership as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of 
the Code; 
(viii) a payment on a Note, the CGMHI Deed of Covenant or the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee to a 
holder or entitled person that is a fiduciary or partnership or other than the sole beneficial owner 
of such payment to the extent a beneficiary or settlor with respect to such fiduciary or a member 
of such partnership or a beneficial owner would not have been entitled to the additional interest 
had such beneficiary, settlor, member or beneficial owner been the holder or entitled person of or 
under such Note, the CGMHI Deed of Covenant or the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee; 
(ix) 
taxes imposed under Sections 871(m) or 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations 
promulgated thereunder or official interpretations thereof, or any agreement entered into pursuant 
to such legislation or legislation enacted to comply with such agreement; or 
(x) 
any tax, assessment or governmental charge imposed in respect of any Note that the Issuer 
indicates in the applicable Issue Terms it will not treat as a debt for United States federal income 
tax purposes. 
(b) 
The provisions of this General Condition 8(b) apply only where CGMFL is the Issuer 
The Issuer and the CGMFL Guarantor will, subject to the exceptions and limitations set forth below, pay 
as additional interest to the holder of any Note or entitled person under the CGMFL Deed of Covenant 
or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee such amounts as may be necessary so that every net payment on such 
Note, the CGMFL Deed of Covenant or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee, after deduction or withholding 
for or on account of any present or future tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed upon 
or as a result of such payment by Luxembourg (in the case of payments by CGMFL) or the UK (in the 
case of payments by the CGMFL Guarantor) or, in either case, any political subdivision or taxing 
authority thereof or therein, will not be less than the amount provided in such Note, the CGMFL Deed 
of Covenant or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee to be then due and payable. However, neither the Issuer

--- Page 366 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
366 
nor the CGMFL Guarantor will be required to make any such payment of additional interest for or on 
account of: 
(i) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that would not have been imposed but for the 
existence of any present or future connection between such holder or beneficial owner or entitled 
person and Luxembourg, (in the case of payments by CGMFL) or the UK (in the case of payments 
by the CGMFL Guarantor) other than the mere holding of the Note or being entitled under the 
CGMFL Deed of Covenant or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee; or 
(ii) 
any Note, the CGMFL Deed of Covenant or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee presented for 
payment in Luxembourg; or 
(iii) 
any tax, assessment or other governmental charge to which such holder or beneficial owner or 
entitled person would not be liable or subject by making a declaration of non-residence or other 
similar claim for exemption to the relevant tax authority; or 
(iv) 
any tax, assessment or governmental charge that would not have been imposed but for the 
presentation for payment or demand for payment, as the case may be, by the holder or beneficial 
owner or entitled person of a Note or under the CGMFL Deed of Covenant or the CGMFL Deed 
of Guarantee more than 15 days after the date on which such payment became due and payable 
or on which payment thereof was duly provided for, whichever occurs later (the “Relevant 
Date”); or 
(v) 
taxes imposed under Sections 871(m) or 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations 
promulgated thereunder or official interpretations thereof, or any agreement entered into pursuant 
to such legislation, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
(c) 
The provisions of this General Condition 8(c) apply to all Notes, regardless of the Issuer 
References in the General Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any premium payable 
in respect of the Notes, any Redemption Amount, any Instalment Amount, any Early Redemption 
Amount, any Optional Redemption Amount and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable 
pursuant to General Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase), and in the case of Credit Linked Notes, 
the Credit Linked Conditions or in the case of Index Skew Notes, the Index Skew Conditions and, in 
each case, the provisions of the applicable Issue Terms, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include any 
Interest Amount and all other amounts in the nature of interest payable pursuant to General Condition 5 
(Interest) and the General Conditions and, in the case of Credit Linked Notes, the Credit Linked 
Conditions or in the case of Index Skew Notes, the Index Skew Conditions and, in each case, the 
provisions of the applicable Issue Terms and (c) in any context, the payment of the principal of (or 
premium, if any) or interest on any Note, such mention shall be deemed to include mention of the 
payment of additional interest provided for in this General Condition 8 to the extent that, in such context, 
additional interest is, was or would be payable in respect thereof pursuant to the provisions of this 
General Condition 8 and express mention of the payment of additional interest (if applicable) in any 
provisions hereof shall not be construed as excluding additional interest in those provisions hereof where 
such express mention is not made. Where the General Conditions and, in the case of Credit Linked Notes, 
the Credit Linked Conditions or in the case of Index Skew Notes, the Index Skew Conditions and (in the 
case of all Notes) the applicable Issue Terms do not provide for the payment of interest, references to 
interest in the General Conditions and/or the Credit Linked Conditions or the Index Skew Conditions, 
as applicable, shall be disregarded and the General Conditions and/or the Credit Linked Conditions or 
the Index Skew Conditions, as applicable, construed accordingly.

--- Page 367 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
367 
9. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes (other than Swedish Notes and Finnish 
Notes) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within ten years (in the case of principal or 
termination amounts) or five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date (as defined 
in General Condition 8 (Taxation)) in respect thereof. 
If the Notes are Swedish Notes, claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes shall be 
prescribed and become void unless made within ten years (in the case of principal or termination 
amounts) or five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect thereof. For 
the purposes of this paragraph, “Relevant Date” means the date on which such payment first becomes 
due, or such later date on which an interruption of the period of limitation (Sw. preskriptionsavbrott) is 
made in accordance with the Swedish Limitations Act 1981 (Sw. preskriptionslagen (1981:130)). 
If the Notes are Finnish Notes, claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes and any 
principal, interest or termination amounts shall be prescribed unless made within three years after the 
date on which such payment becomes due and payable therefor and thereafter any principal, interest or 
termination amounts payable in respect of such Notes shall be forfeited and revert to the Issuer. 
10. 
Meetings of Noteholders, Modifications, Determinations and Rounding 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Fiscal Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of holders of Notes 
(including Swedish Notes and Finnish Notes) to consider any matter affecting their interests, including 
modification by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Fiscal Agency Agreement) of the Notes 
(including the General Conditions insofar as the same may apply to the Notes), the relevant Deed of 
Covenant, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee, as applicable, as they 
relate to the Notes. The Fiscal Agency Agreement provides that (a) a resolution passed at a meeting duly 
convened and held in accordance with the Fiscal Agency Agreement by a majority consisting of not less 
than three-quarters of the votes cast on such resolution, (b) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf 
of all the Noteholders, or (c) consent given by way of electronic consents through the relevant Clearing 
System(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Fiscal Agent) by or on behalf of all the Noteholders, shall, in 
each case, be effective as an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders. Such an effective 
Extraordinary Resolution shall be binding on all the holders of the Notes. An Extraordinary Resolution 
duly passed at a meeting duly convened shall be binding on all the holders of the Notes, whether present 
or not, except that any Extraordinary Resolution proposed, amongst other things, (i) to amend the dates 
of maturity or redemption of the Notes, or any date for payment of interest thereon, (ii) to reduce or 
cancel the principal amount or number of the Notes, the Early Redemption Amount, the Optional 
Redemption Amount, the Merger Redemption Amount (as defined in the Credit Linked Conditions), the 
Substitution Event Redemption Amount (as defined in the Credit Linked Conditions), the Redemption 
Amount or any other amount payable or deliverable on redemption of the Notes, (iii) to reduce the rate 
or rates of interest in respect of the Notes or to vary the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates 
or amount of interest, (iv) if a Minimum Interest Rate and/or a Maximum Interest Rate is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, to reduce any such Minimum and/or Maximum Interest Rate, (v) to change 
any method of calculating the Early Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount, the Merger 
Redemption Amount, the Substitution Event Redemption Amount or the Redemption Amount, (vi) to 
change the currency or currencies of payment of the Notes, (vii) to modify the provisions concerning 
the quorum required at any meeting of holders of Notes or any adjournment thereof or the majority 
required to pass the Extraordinary Resolution or (viii) to take any steps which as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms may only be taken following approval by an Extraordinary Resolution to which

--- Page 368 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
368 
the special quorum provisions apply, will only be binding if passed at a meeting of the holders of Notes 
(or at any adjournment thereof) at which a special quorum (provided for in the Fiscal Agency Agreement) 
is present. 
If a holder of Swedish Notes held through a nominee (a “Swedish Indirect Noteholder”) attends the 
meeting (in person or through a duly authorised agent) and shows a certificate from the relevant nominee 
showing that such Swedish Indirect Noteholder on the fifth Stockholm Banking Day prior to the meeting 
was a holder of Swedish Notes, the Swedish Indirect Noteholder shall be regarded the holder of such 
Swedish Notes for the purposes of this General Condition 10. 
In connection with a meeting of holders of such Swedish Notes, the Swedish Notes Issuing and Paying 
Agent shall, to the fullest extent permitted under the Swedish CSD Rules, have access to the CSD 
Register (Sw. avstämningsregistret) for the Swedish Notes. 
The Issuer shall notify Euroclear Finland of meetings of holders of Finnish Notes no later than eight 
Helsinki Banking Days before the meeting. The notification shall include the time and place of the 
meeting, its agenda, record date (if applicable) as well as instructions on how to participate in the 
meeting. The Issuer shall notify Euroclear Finland of any decisions by the meeting without undue delay. 
Noteholders holding Finnish Notes through a nominee in the Euroclear Finland register shall before 
participating in the meeting in person or through a duly authorised agent register their holdings in the 
temporary shareholder register in accordance with the Euroclear Finland Rules and Euroclear Finland 
CEO decisions. 
(b) 
Modifications 
The Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor may make, without the consent of the 
Noteholders: 
(i) 
any modification (except as mentioned above) to, as applicable, the Notes, the Fiscal Agency 
Agreement, the relevant Deed of Covenant, the relevant Swedish Notes Issuing and Paying 
Agency Agreement, the Finnish Notes Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, the CGMHI Deed 
of Guarantee and/or the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee, as applicable, which is, in the opinion of 
the Issuer, not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders (without considering the 
individual circumstances of any Noteholder or the tax or other consequences of such modification 
in any particular jurisdiction); or 
(ii) 
any modification to the Notes, the Fiscal Agency Agreement, the relevant Deed of Covenant, the 
relevant Swedish Notes Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement, the Finnish Notes Issuing and 
Paying Agency Agreement, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee and/or the CGMFL Deed of 
Guarantee, as applicable, which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a 
manifest error or proven error or to comply with mandatory provisions of law. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and any such modification shall be notified 
to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
Save as provided therein and subject as provided above, each Swedish Notes Issuing and Paying Agency 
Agreement may be amended by agreement among the parties thereto and without the consent of any 
holders of the Notes. 
(c) 
Determinations 
Whenever any matter falls to be determined, considered, elected, selected or otherwise decided upon by 
the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other person (including where a matter is to be decided by

--- Page 369 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
369 
reference to the Issuer or the Calculation Agent’s or such other person’s opinion), that matter shall be 
determined, considered, elected, selected or otherwise decided upon by the Issuer, the Calculation Agent 
or such other person, as the case may be, in good faith and (i) where “Sole and Absolute Determination” 
is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, in its sole and absolute discretion or (ii) where “Commercial 
Determination” is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, in a commercially reasonable manner. 
The Calculation Agent or such other person may, with the consent of the Issuer, delegate any of its 
obligations and functions to a third party as it deems appropriate. The Issuer may delegate any of its 
obligations and functions to a third party as it deems appropriate. 
All discretions exercised and determinations, considerations, elections, selections or other decisions 
made in respect of the Notes by the Calculation Agent shall (save in the case of manifest error) be final, 
conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the Noteholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad 
faith) neither the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent shall have any responsibility to any person for any 
errors or omissions in any (a) calculation by the Calculation Agent or the Issuer, as the case may be, of 
any amount due in respect of the Notes or (b) determination made by the Calculation Agent or the Issuer, 
as the case may be. 
Notwithstanding anything else in the General Conditions (save as provided in the next sentence), if the 
terms of the Notes provide that the Redemption Amount payable on the Maturity Date is a fixed amount 
or is determined by reference to a formula, which provides for a minimum amount to be payable on the 
Maturity Date, no modification or adjustment to or calculation under the General Conditions may be 
made by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to reduce the amount so payable on such date to less than 
such fixed amount or minimum amount (as applicable), provided that the foregoing shall not apply if the 
applicable Issue Terms provide that “Minimum Amount Adjustment Prohibition” is not applicable. For 
the avoidance of doubt, the preceding sentence shall not apply in relation to the rights of the Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor to make any modification to the Notes pursuant to 
General Condition 10(b) (Modifications) above. 
(d) 
Exercise of Discretion 
In exercising its discretion in respect of the Notes as provided herein, each of the Issuer and the 
Calculation Agent or such other person (described in General Condition 10(c) (Determinations) above) 
may take into account such factors as it determines appropriate in each case, which may include, in 
particular, any circumstances or events which have or may have a material impact on the hedging 
arrangements entered into by a Hedging Party in respect of the Notes. The exercise of the Issuer’s and/or 
the Calculation Agent’s and/or such other person’s discretion in respect of the Notes as provided herein 
are necessary because certain circumstances or events (for example a material modification or disruption 
to a Reference Item to which the Notes are linked) may occur subsequent to the issuance of the Notes 
which may materially affect the costs to a Hedging Party of maintaining the relevant Notes or relevant 
hedging arrangements. Such circumstances or events may not have been reflected in the pricing of the 
Notes. In addition, as a result of certain circumstances or events (e.g. unavailability or disruption to any 
reference source), it may no longer be reasonably practicable or otherwise appropriate for certain 
valuations in respect of any Reference Item or otherwise in connection with the Notes to be made, thus 
making it necessary for the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent to exercise its discretion in such a case. 
(e) 
Hedging Arrangements 
As used in this General Condition 10, “hedging arrangements” means the arrangements, if any, the 
Issuer makes to have available to it the relevant cash amounts to be paid or assets to be delivered under 
the Notes as these fall due. This may involve a Hedging Party investing directly in a Reference Item or

--- Page 370 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
370 
by entering into securities transactions or loan transactions or derivative transactions or any combination 
thereof. Alternatively, a Hedging Party may make an indirect investment by entering into or acquiring a 
derivative contract referencing a Reference Item or by entering into securities transactions, loan 
transactions, one or more credit derivative transactions in unfunded form with economically equivalent 
terms to the Credit Linked Notes or a combination of such credit derivative transactions with one or 
more other derivative contracts. Such hedging arrangements may be carried out on a portfolio basis (i.e. 
where the Hedging Party maintains arrangements for hedging the Notes together with other obligations 
of the Issuer and/or its Affiliates). A Hedging Party will seek to select hedging arrangements which are 
efficient for it in the context of the tax, regulatory and business environment in which it operates, but 
will do so without having regard to the interests of Noteholders. A Hedging Party may also adjust 
hedging arrangements from time to time but will not always be able to avoid adverse costs, taxes or 
regulatory changes which affect its hedging arrangements. For the avoidance of doubt, no Hedging Party 
is under any obligation to enter into any hedging arrangements and, if any hedging arrangements are 
entered into, such arrangements will not confer any rights or entitlements on any Noteholder and no 
Noteholder will have recourse to any such hedging arrangements.  
(f) 
Determination of amounts payable or deliverable 
The Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent and/or such other person will employ the methodology 
described in the Conditions to determine amounts payable or deliverable in respect of the Notes. When 
making any such determination in relation to any amounts so payable or deliverable, the Issuer and/or 
the Calculation Agent and/or such other person may in its/their sole and absolute discretion consider any 
relevant information, which may but is not required to include, without limitation, one or more of the 
following: 
(i) 
quotations (either firm or indicative) supplied by one or more third parties or information sources; 
(ii) 
information consisting of relevant market data in the relevant markets supplied by one or more 
third parties or information sources including, without limitation, relevant rates, prices, yields, 
yield curves, volatilities, spreads correlation or other relevant market data in the relevant market; 
or 
(iii) 
information of the types described in General Condition 10(f)(i) or (ii) above from internal 
sources (including any Affiliates of the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent and/or such other 
persons) or other information of a type used by the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent and/or 
such other persons in the regular course of its business or in connection with similar transactions. 
Whenever any of the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent and/or such other person is required to make 
any determination it may, amongst other things, decide issues of construction and legal interpretation. 
Any delay, deferral or forbearance by the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent and/or such other person 
in the performance or exercise of any of its obligations or discretions under the Notes including, without 
limitation, the giving of any notice by it to any person, shall not affect the validity or binding nature of 
any later performance or exercise of such obligation or discretion. 
(g) 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to the Conditions (unless otherwise specified), 
(x) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures will be rounded 
to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts which fall due 
and payable will be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being rounded up), save in

--- Page 371 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
371 
the case of Yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest Yen. For these purposes “unit” means the 
lowest amount of such currency which is available as legal tender in the country of such currency. 
(h) 
Disclaimer of liability and responsibility 
None of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and any such other person makes any express or implied 
representations or warranties as to (i) the advisability of investing in or obtaining exposure to the Notes, 
(ii) the value of the Notes at any particular time on any particular date, or (iii) any amounts that may 
become payable or deliverable in respect of the Notes. 
Without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall the Calculation Agent and/or such other persons 
have any liability (whether in negligence or otherwise) to any Noteholders for any direct, indirect, 
special, punitive, consequential or any other damages (including loss of profits) even if notified of the 
possibility of such damages. 
The Calculation Agent and/or such other persons shall not have any responsibility to any holder for any 
errors or omissions in any calculations or determinations in respect of the Notes and act solely as agents 
of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor and do not assume any obligations 
towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any holder. 
(i) 
Conflict of Interest 
In addition to providing calculation agency services to the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any of its 
Affiliates may perform further or alternative roles relating to the Issuer and any Series of Notes 
including, but not limited to, for example, being involved in arrangements relating to any Reference 
Item(s) (for example as a calculation agent or, in the case of a proprietary index for example, as inflation 
index sponsor). Furthermore, the Calculation Agent or any of its Affiliates may contract with the Issuer 
and/or enter into transactions which relate to the Issuer, the Notes or any Reference Item and as a result 
the Calculation Agent may face a conflict between its obligations as Calculation Agent and its and/or its 
Affiliates’ interests in other capacities. Subject to all regulatory obligations, neither the Issuer nor the 
Calculation Agent in respect of the Notes shall owe any duty or responsibility to any Noteholder to avoid 
any conflict or to act in the interests of any Noteholder. 
11. 
Replacement of Notes 
If, in respect of Notes other than Swedish Notes or Finnish Notes, a Note is lost, stolen, mutilated, 
defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws and stock exchange regulations, at 
the specified office of the Registrar or such other Paying Agent or Transfer Agent as may from time to 
time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to holders in 
accordance with General Condition 13 (Notices), in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees 
and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity 
(which may provide, amongst other things, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Note is 
subsequently presented for payment or delivery (where applicable), there will be paid to the Issuer on 
demand the amount payable or an amount equal to the amount so deliverable by the Issuer in respect of 
such Note) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes must be surrendered 
before replacements will be issued. This General Condition 11 shall not apply to Swedish Notes or 
Finnish Notes. 
12. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders create and issue further notes 
having the same terms and conditions as the Notes (or the same in all respects save for the amount and 
date of the first payment of interest thereon) provided that, for the avoidance of doubt and unless

--- Page 372 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
372 
otherwise specified, references in the Conditions to the Issue Date shall be to the first issue date of the 
Notes and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series with such Notes, and references 
in the Conditions to “Notes” shall be construed accordingly. 
13. 
Notices 
(a) 
Notices in relation to Notes other than Finnish Notes and Swedish Notes 
All notices to the holders of Registered Notes will be deemed validly given if mailed to them at their 
respective addresses in the Register and any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the fourth 
weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the date of mailing. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Registered Note 
Certificate(s) representing the Notes are held in its or their entirety (as applicable) on behalf of any 
Relevant Clearing System, be substituted for such mailing as provided above, the delivery of the relevant 
notice to each Relevant Clearing System for communication by them to the holders of the Notes. Any 
such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the day on which the said 
notice was given to the Relevant Clearing System or, where there is more than one Relevant Clearing 
System the first such Relevant Clearing System. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in 
the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Registrar. Whilst any 
of the Notes are represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate, such notice may be given by any 
Noteholder to the Registrar through the Relevant Clearing System in such manner as the Registrar and 
the Relevant Clearing System may approve for this purpose. 
For so long as the Notes are listed or admitted to trading on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading 
by any other relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or other relevant authority so require, 
such notice will be published in the manner and/or place or places required by those rules. 
So long as any Notes are trading on Euro MTF Market, all notices to the holders of such Notes shall be 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
Any such notices will be deemed validly given the date specified above or on the date of such publication 
or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the date first deemed given or published as 
provided above. 
(b) 
Notices in relation to Finnish Notes 
Notices to holders of Finnish Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by mail to a Noteholder 
on the address registered for such Noteholder in the Euroclear Finland Register maintained by the 
Euroclear Finland Registrar in accordance with the Euroclear Finland Rules. 
With respect to Finnish Notes listed on Euronext Dublin (or other stock exchange or relevant authority, 
as applicable) and so long as the rules of that exchange so require, any notices to holders must also be 
published on the website of Euronext Dublin (or other relevant stock exchange or relevant authority) 
and any such notice will be deemed validly given on the date of such publication or, if published more 
than once on different dates, on the date of first publication as provided above. 
(c) 
Notices in relation to Swedish Notes 
Notices to holders of Swedish Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by mail to a holder of 
Notes to the address registered for such holder in the system of Euroclear Sweden or in accordance with

--- Page 373 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
373 
the Swedish CSD Rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given, if sent by mail to the 
holder, on the fourth day following the day the notice was sent by mail. 
Notices to be given by any holder of Notes shall be in writing and given by lodging the same with the 
Swedish Notes Issuing and Paying Agent. 
With respect to Swedish Notes listed on Euronext Dublin (or another stock exchange, as applicable) and 
so long as the rules of that exchange so require, any notices to holders must also be published on the 
website of Euronext Dublin (or other relevant stock exchange) and any such notice will be deemed 
validly given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the 
date of first publication as provided above. 
(d) 
Notices to the Fiscal Agent 
Notices to the Fiscal Agent should be copied to, or forwarded by the Fiscal Agent to, the Issuer. 
14. 
Consolidation or Merger 
(a) 
The Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor shall not consolidate with or merge into 
any other corporation or convey, transfer or lease its properties and assets substantially as an entirety to 
any Person (as defined below), other than in the case of Notes issued by CGMHI and in relation to the 
CGMHI Guarantor only, by way of a conveyance, transfer or lease to one or more of its respective 
Subsidiaries (as defined below), unless 
(i) 
the corporation formed by such consolidation or into which the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or 
the CGMFL Guarantor is merged or the Person which acquires by conveyance or transfer, or 
which leases, the properties and assets of the Issuer substantially as an entirety (the “successor 
corporation”) shall be a corporation organised and existing under the laws of any of the United 
States, England and Wales, Luxembourg, France, Germany, Belgium or The Netherlands or, in 
any such case, any political subdivision thereof and shall, by taking such action as may be 
required to be taken were such successor corporation the Substitute for the purposes of General 
Condition 15 (Substitution of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor), 
expressly assume, the due and punctual payment of, in the case of a consolidation or merger in 
respect of the Issuer, the principal, interest or termination amounts and the due and punctual 
delivery of all assets on all the Notes and the performance of the Conditions on the part of the 
Issuer to be performed or observed, in the case of a consolidation or merger in respect of the 
CGMHI Guarantor, all amounts due under the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee, as applicable, in 
respect of the Notes and the performance of the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee on the part of the 
CGMHI Guarantor to be performed or observed, or, in the case of a consolidation or merger in 
respect of the CGMFL Guarantor, all amounts due under the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee, as 
applicable, in respect of the Notes and the performance of the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee on the 
part of the CGMFL Guarantor to be performed or observed; and 
(ii) 
if the Notes are listed or traded on any stock exchange, each such stock exchange shall have 
confirmed that, following the proposed substitution of the Substitute, the Notes will continue to 
be listed or traded on such stock exchange. 
For the purposes of the Conditions, “Person” means any individual, corporation, partnership, joint 
venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, estate, incorporated organisation or government or 
agency or any political subdivision thereof, and “Subsidiary” means any Person of which a majority of 
the voting power of the outstanding ownership interests (excluding ownership interests entitled to voting 
power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) shall at the time be owned, directly or 
indirectly, by the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, as applicable, and/or one or more relevant Subsidiaries.

--- Page 374 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
374 
For this purpose, “voting power” means power to vote in an ordinary election of directors (or, in the 
case of a Person that is not a corporation, ordinarily to appoint or approve the appointment of Persons 
holding similar positions). 
(b) 
Upon any consolidation with or merger into any other corporation, or any conveyance, transfer or lease 
of the properties and assets of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor substantially 
as an entirety in accordance with General Condition 14(a) above, the successor corporation formed by 
such consolidation or into which the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as 
applicable, is merged or to which such conveyance, transfer or lease is made shall succeed to, and be 
substituted for, and may exercise every right and power of, the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the 
CGMFL Guarantor, as applicable, with the same effect as if such successor corporation had been named 
as the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as applicable, herein (subject as provided 
in General Condition 15 (Substitution of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor)), 
and thereafter, except in the case of a lease, the predecessor corporation shall be relieved of all 
obligations and covenants under the Conditions, the Notes, the relevant Deed of Covenant, the CGMHI 
Deed of Guarantee (in the case of a consolidation or merger in respect of the CGMHI Guarantor only), 
the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee (in the case of a consolidation or merger in respect of the CGMFL 
Guarantor only) and the Fiscal Agency Agreement. 
15. 
Substitution of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMFL Guarantor 
All references to the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee in the Conditions 
including but not limited to this General Condition 15 shall be ignored in relation to Notes issued 
by CGMFL. All references to the CGMFL Guarantor and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee in the 
Conditions including but not limited to this General Condition 15 shall be ignored in relation to 
Notes issued by CGMHI. 
(a) 
Applicability 
This General Condition 15 applies to a substitution, at any time, without the consent of the Noteholders, 
of CGMHI and the CGMHI Guarantor or CGMFL or the CGMFL Guarantor, as applicable, with any 
company (the “Substitute”), provided that in respect of: 
(i) 
a substitution of CGMHI and the CGMHI Guarantor, such substitution is subject to satisfaction 
of conditions for substitution set out in General Condition 15(c) (General Conditions for 
Substitution) below; and 
(ii) 
if “Substitution provisions” are specified as being applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, a 
substitution of CGMFL and the CGMFL Guarantor, such substitution is subject to satisfaction of 
conditions for substitution set out in General Condition 15(b) (Substitution of CGMFL and/or the 
CGMFL Guarantor) and (c) (General Conditions for Substitution) below. 
(b) 
Substitution of CGMFL and/or the CGMFL Guarantor 
If “Substitution provisions” are applicable, CGMFL or the CGMFL Guarantor may substitute for itself 
any Substitute, provided that: 
(i) 
If “Additional Requirements” are specified as “ Not Applicable” in the applicable Issue Terms, 
on the date of such substitution, the Substitute is, in the opinion of the Issuer or the CGMFL 
Guarantor (as the case may be) being substituted (the “Original Entity”), of at least the 
equivalent standing and creditworthiness to the Original Entity; or 
(ii) 
If “Additional Requirements” are specified as “Applicable” in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Additional Requirements are satisfied.

--- Page 375 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
375 
For the purposes of this General Condition 15(b) “Additional Requirements” means the application of 
each of the following requirements: 
(A) 
save where the Original Entity is subject to legal restructuring (including without 
limitation voluntary or involuntary liquidation, winding-up, dissolution, bankruptcy or 
insolvency or analogous proceedings), the Original Entity shall unconditionally guarantee 
the fulfilment of the obligations of the Substitute arising from the Conditions; 
(B) 
if no guarantee by the Original Entity pursuant to General Condition 15(b)(A) above is 
required, the Substitute (including, where the Substitute is an Affiliate of the Original 
Entity), on the date of such substitution, having a long term credit rating from at least one 
internationally recognised credit rating agency active in the international capital markets 
(including but not limited to the relevant entity from the following rating groups: Standard 
& Poor’s, Moody’s Investors Service and Fitch Ratings) which is at least as high as that 
of the Original Entity; 
(C) 
the Original Entity shall provide an indemnity in favour of the Noteholders in relation to 
any additional tax or duties or losses suffered by Noteholders due to differences between 
the regulatory or tax regimes applicable to the Original Entity and the Substitute, in each 
case which arise and become payable solely as a result of the substitution of the Original 
Entity with the Substitute; and 
(D) 
on the date of such substitution there shall be (I) no existing Event of Default; or (II) no 
occurrence of an event which remains in existence on such date which, in the absence of 
the relevant grace period, would otherwise constitute an Event of Default, in relation to 
the Notes. 
(c) 
General Conditions for Substitution 
All of the following requirements must be satisfied before any substitution may take place pursuant to 
this General Condition 15: 
(i) 
all actions, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done (including the obtaining 
of necessary consents) to ensure that, in the case of a substitution of the Issuer, the Notes and the 
relevant Deed of Covenant, in the case of a substitution of the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMHI 
Deed of Guarantee or, in the case of a substitution of the CGMFL Guarantor, the CGMFL Deed 
of Guarantee, as applicable, represent legal, valid and binding obligations of the Substitute have 
been taken, fulfilled and done, and are in full force and effect; 
(ii) 
the Substitute has become party to the Fiscal Agency Agreement with any appropriate 
consequential amendments, as if it had been an original party to it in place of the Issuer, the 
CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be; 
(iii) 
the Substitute and the Issuer has obtained: 
(A) 
legal opinions from independent legal advisers of recognised standing in the country of 
incorporation of the Substitute and in England that the obligations of the Substitute under 
the Notes and the relevant Deed of Covenant, the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee, or, the 
CGMFL Deed of Guarantee, as the case may be, are legal, valid and binding obligations 
of the Substitute; 
(B) 
in the case of the substitution of the Issuer which is CGMHI (or any substitute thereof), a 
legal opinion from an independent legal adviser in England, that the CGMHI Deed of 
Guarantee will apply to the Substitute mutatis mutandis as it applies to the Issuer prior to

--- Page 376 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
376 
the substitution and will constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the CGMHI 
Guarantor, in respect of the Substitute (provided that no opinion as referred to in this sub-
paragraph 15(c)(iii)(B) shall be required where the Substitute is the CGMHI Guarantor 
with respect to Notes issued by CGMHI);  
(C) 
in the case of the substitution of the Issuer which is CGMFL (or any substitute thereof), a 
legal opinion from an independent legal adviser in England, that the CGMFL Deed of 
Guarantee will apply to the Substitute mutatis mutandis as it applies to the Issuer prior to 
the substitution and will constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the CGMFL 
Guarantor, in respect of the Substitute (provided that no opinion as referred to in this sub-
paragraph 15(c)(iii)(C) shall be required where the Substitute is the CGMFL Guarantor 
with respect to Notes issued by CGMFL); and 
(D) 
all consents and approvals as required have been obtained and that the Substitute and the 
Notes comply with all applicable requirements of the Securities Act; and 
(iv) 
such substitution is permitted by the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are listed 
and each such stock exchange has confirmed that, following the proposed substitution of the 
Substitute, the Notes will continue to be listed on such stock exchange; 
(v) 
if appropriate, the Substitute appointing a process agent as its agent in England to receive service 
of process on its behalf in relation to any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes; 
(vi) 
the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, has given notice 
of the date of such substitution to the Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13 
(Notices); 
(vii) 
in the case of Finnish Notes only, such substitution is permitted by Euroclear Finland; and 
(viii) in the case of Swedish Notes only, such substitution is permitted by Euroclear Sweden. 
(d) 
Consequences of Substitution 
(i) 
Upon such substitution, any reference in the Conditions to the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or 
the CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, shall be deemed to be a reference to the Substitute. 
(ii) 
After a substitution pursuant to this General Condition 15, the Substitute may, without the consent 
of any holder, effect a further substitution. The provisions specified in this General Condition 15 
shall apply mutatis mutandis, and references in the Conditions to the Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor or CGMFL Guarantor, as the case may be, shall, where the context so requires, be 
deemed to be or to include references to any such further Substitute. For the avoidance of doubt, 
the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor may be a Substitute for the Issuer and in such 
cases references to the CGMHI Guarantor and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee or the CGMFL 
Guarantor and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee should be construed accordingly. 
(iii) 
After a substitution pursuant to this General Condition 15, any Substitute may, without the 
consent of any holder, reverse the substitution, mutatis mutandis. 
(iv) 
For the avoidance of doubt: 
(A) 
CGMHI may (I) be substituted as the Issuer by Citigroup Inc., pursuant to this General 
Condition 15 notwithstanding that it is the CGMHI Guarantor or (II) merge or be 
consolidated into Citigroup Inc. pursuant to General Condition 14 (Consolidation or

--- Page 377 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
377 
Merger), notwithstanding that it is the CGMHI Guarantor without, in either case, there 
being any breach of the Conditions which shall be construed accordingly; or 
(B) 
CGMFL may (I) be substituted as the Issuer by CGML, pursuant to this General Condition 
15 notwithstanding that it is the CGMFL Guarantor or (II) merge or be consolidated into 
CGML pursuant to General Condition 14 (Consolidation or Merger), notwithstanding that 
it is the CGMFL Guarantor without, in either case, there being any breach of the 
Conditions which shall be construed accordingly. 
(v) 
Nothing in this General Condition 15 shall prohibit the substitution of the CGMHI Guarantor 
under the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee or the substitution of the CGMFL Guarantor under the 
CGMFL Deed of Guarantee by another entity as part of any resolution, restructuring, or 
reorganisation of the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as applicable, upon or 
following the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as applicable, becoming subject to 
any receivership, insolvency, liquidation, resolution, or similar proceeding. 
(vi) 
For so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange, such stock exchange shall be notified of 
any such consolidation, merger or substitution and the requirements of such stock exchange in 
respect of such consolidation, merger or substitution shall be complied with (including any 
requirement to publish a supplement). 
(vii) 
Upon the substitution of CGMHI or the CGMHI Guarantor, pursuant to this General Condition 
15 or General Condition 14 (Consolidation or Merger), with any successor corporation or 
Substitute, as the case may be, which is organised and existing under the laws of a jurisdiction 
other than the United States (or any other jurisdiction substituted for the United States pursuant 
to the Conditions), references in General Condition 8(a) (The provisions of this General 
Condition 8(a) apply only where CGMHI is the Issuer) and the definition of “Event of Default” 
in General Condition 1(a) (General Definitions) to the United States (or such other jurisdiction) 
and any related expressions (as determined by the Issuer) shall be replaced with references to the 
jurisdiction under which such successor corporation or Substitute, as the case may be, is organised 
and existing. 
(viii) Upon the substitution of CGMFL, pursuant to this General Condition 15 or General Condition 
14 (Consolidation or Merger), with any successor corporation or Substitute, as the case may be, 
which is organised and existing under the laws of a jurisdiction other than Luxembourg (or any 
jurisdiction substituted for Luxembourg pursuant to the Conditions): 
(A) 
references in General Condition 8(b) (The provisions of this General Condition 8(b) apply 
only where CGMFL is the Issuer) to Luxembourg (or such other jurisdiction) and any 
related expressions (as determined by the Issuer), shall be replaced with references to the 
jurisdiction under which such successor corporation or Substitute, as the case may be, is 
organised and existing; and 
(B) 
the following words shall be added to the end of paragraph (vi)(A) of the definition of 
“Event of Default” in General Condition 1(a) (General Definitions) immediately 
following the words “or other similar arrangement)”: 
“, or, if the Issuer is not organised and existing under the laws of Luxembourg, any event occurs 
which under the laws of the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is organised and existing has an 
analogous effect to any of the events referred to above in this definition”. 
(ix) 
Upon the substitution of the CGMFL Guarantor pursuant to this General Condition 15 or General 
Condition 14 (Consolidation or Merger), with any successor corporation or Substitute, as the

--- Page 378 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
378 
case may be, which is organised and existing under the laws of a jurisdiction other than England 
and Wales (or any jurisdiction substituted for England and Wales pursuant to the Conditions), 
references in General Condition 8(b) (The provisions of this General Condition 8(b) apply only 
where CGMFL is the Issuer) and the definition of “Event of Default” in General Condition 1(a) 
(General Definitions) to England and Wales (or such other jurisdiction) and related expressions 
(as determined by the Issuer), shall be replaced with references to the jurisdiction under which 
such successor corporation or Substitute, as the case may be, is organised and existing. 
(x) 
For the purposes of this General Condition 15 and article 1275 of the Luxembourg civil code, the 
Noteholders, by subscribing for, or otherwise acquiring the Notes, are expressly deemed to have 
consented to any substitution of CGMFL effected in accordance with this General Condition 15 
and to the release of CGMFL from any and all obligations in respect of the Notes. 
(xi) 
On the substitution of any successor corporation or Substitute, amendments may be made to the 
Conditions to reflect the regulatory position of such successor corporation or Substitute, including 
without limitation, to reflect the requirements of the BRRD or the U.S. Special Resolution 
Regime.  
16. 
Redenomination 
If “Redenomination” applies in the applicable Issue Terms, the Issuer may, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, on giving at least 30 days’ prior notice to the Noteholders, the Fiscal Agent and the Paying 
Agents, designate a Redenomination Date, being a date (which in the case of interest-bearing Notes shall 
be a date for payment of interest under the Notes) falling on or after the date on which the country of the 
relevant Settlement Currency specified adopts the Euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the 
Treaty. 
With effect from the Redenomination Date, notwithstanding the other provisions of the Conditions: 
(i) 
each Specified Denomination will be deemed to be denominated in such amount of Euro as is 
equivalent to its denomination so specified in the relevant Settlement Currency at the Established 
Rate, rounded down to the nearest Euro 0.01; 
(ii) 
after the Redenomination Date, all payments in respect of the Notes, other than payments of 
interest in respect of periods commencing before the Redenomination Date, will be made solely 
in Euro as though references in the Notes to the relevant Settlement Currency were to Euro. 
Payments will be made in Euro by credit or transfer to a Euro account (or any other account to 
which Euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee; and 
(iii) 
such other changes shall be made to the Conditions as the Issuer may decide, with the agreement 
of Fiscal Agent, and as may be specified in the notice, to conform them to conventions then 
applicable to Notes denominated in Euro including but not limited to where the notes are in global 
form. Any such other changes will not take effect until after they have been notified to the 
Noteholders in accordance with General Condition 13 (Notices). 
None of the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL Guarantor, the Registrar, the Fiscal Agent and 
any other Paying Agent will be liable to any Noteholder or other person for any commissions, costs, 
losses or expenses in relation to or resulting from the credit or transfer of Euro or any currency 
conversion or rounding effected in connection therewith. 
Determinations by the Issuer or the Fiscal Agent pursuant to this General Condition 16 will, in the 
absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor, the CGMFL 
Guarantor, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar and the Noteholders.

--- Page 379 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
379 
17. 
Governing Law and Submission to Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Notes (other than Finnish Notes and Swedish Notes) and any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English 
law. For the avoidance of doubt, where CGMFL is the Issuer, Articles 470-1 to 470-19 of the Companies 
Act 1915, are hereby excluded. 
In relation to each Series of Notes, the Fiscal Agency Agreement in respect of such Series and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with such agreement shall be governed by the 
governing law of such Notes. 
The Finnish Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. Notwithstanding this, the 
registration and transfer of the Finnish Notes in Euroclear Finland’s system for the registration of 
financial instruments shall be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Finnish law. 
The Swedish Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. Notwithstanding this, the 
registration of the Swedish Notes in Euroclear Sweden’s system for the registration of financial 
instruments shall be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Swedish law. 
(b) 
Submission to Jurisdiction 
The English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with 
the Notes, including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or 
termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes (a “Dispute”) and all Disputes will be 
submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
Each of the Issuer and any Noteholders irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English 
courts and each of the Issuer and any Noteholders taking proceedings in relation to any Dispute waives 
any objection to the English courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum 
to settle any Dispute. 
(c) 
Waiver of any rights to a trial by jury 
EACH NOTEHOLDER HEREBY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY AND INTENTIONALLY 
WAIVES (TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW) ANY RIGHTS IT MAY HAVE 
TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION BASED THEREON, OR ARISING OUT 
OF, UNDER, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THE NOTES OR ANY OTHER RELATED 
DOCUMENTS, OR ANY COURSE OF CONDUCT, COURSE OF DEALING, STATEMENTS 
(WHETHER VERBAL OR WRITTEN), OR ACTIONS OF THE NOTEHOLDERS. 
(d) 
Service of Process 
The Issuer irrevocably appoints Citibank Europe plc at Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, Canary Wharf, 
London E14 5LB, UK as its agent for service of process in any proceedings before the English courts in 
relation to any Dispute and agrees that, in the event of Citigroup Global Markets Limited being unable 
or unwilling for any reason so to act, it will immediately appoint another person as its agent for service 
of process in England in respect of any Dispute and shall immediately notify holders of Notes of such 
appointment in accordance with General Condition 13 (Notices). The Issuer agrees that failure by a

--- Page 380 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
380 
process agent to notify it of any process will not invalidate service. Nothing shall affect the right to serve 
process in any other manner permitted by law. 
18. 
Rights of Third Parties 
The Notes confer no right under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any term of 
the Notes, but this does not affect any right or remedy of a third party which exists or is available apart 
from that Act. 
19. 
Acknowledgement of the United States Special Resolution Regimes 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein: 
(i) 
in the event the relevant Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as applicable, 
becomes subject to a proceeding under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of the 
Notes (where the Notes are Covered Instruments) and/or (in the case of Covered Instruments 
issued by CGMHI) the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee or (in the case of Covered Instruments issued 
by CGMFL) the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee (together, the “Relevant Agreements”) (and the 
transfer of any interest and obligation in or under the Relevant Agreements) from the Issuer or 
the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, as applicable, will be effective to the same 
extent as the relevant transfer would be effective under such U.S. Special Resolution Regime if 
the Relevant Agreements, and any interest and obligation in or under the Relevant Agreements, 
were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States; and 
(ii) 
in the event the relevant Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the CGMFL Guarantor, or any of their 
respective affiliates (as such term is defined in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 
United States Code (“U.S.C.”) 1841(k)) becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special 
Resolution Regime, default rights against the relevant Issuer, the CGMHI Guarantor or the 
CGMFL Guarantor with respect to the Relevant Agreements are permitted to be exercised to no 
greater extent than such default rights could be exercised under such U.S. Special Resolution 
Regime if the Relevant Agreements were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of 
the United States. For the purposes of this paragraph, “default right” has the meaning assigned 
to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with 12 Code of Federal Regulations 
(“C.F.R.”) 252.81, 12 C.F.R. 382.1 and 12 C.F.R. 47.1, as applicable, and “Covered Instrument” 
refers to any Note that falls within the definition of a “qualified financial contract” as such term 
is defined in, and as interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D).  
20. 
Agreement and Acknowledgement with Respect to the Exercise of the Bail-in Power in Respect of 
Notes Issued by CGMFL  
THIS GENERAL CONDITION 20 ONLY APPLIES TO NOTES ISSUED BY CGMFL. 
(a) 
Exercise of the Bail-in Power 
Notwithstanding any other terms of the agreement or any other agreement, arrangement or understanding 
between the parties, in respect of Notes issued by CGMFL (such Notes being “CGMFL Notes”), each 
Noteholder (which, for the purposes of this General Condition 20 (Agreement and Acknowledgement 
with Respect to Exercise of the Bail-in Power in Respect of Notes issued by CGMFL), includes each 
holder of a beneficial interest in such CGMFL Notes, acknowledges and accepts that any liability of 
CGMFL to it under or in connection with the CGMFL Notes may be subject to Bail-In Action by the 
relevant Resolution Authority and acknowledges and accepts to be bound by the effect of: 
(i) 
any Bail-In Action in relation to any such liability, including (without limitation):

--- Page 381 ---
GENERAL CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
381 
(A) 
a reduction, in full or in part, in the principal amount, or outstanding amount due 
(including any accrued but unpaid interest) in respect of any such liability; 
(B) 
a conversion of all, or part of, any such liability into shares or other instruments of owner-
ship that may be issued to, or conferred on, it; and 
(C) 
a cancellation of any such liability; and 
(ii) 
a variation of any terms of the agreement to the extent necessary to give effect to any Bail-In 
Action in relation to any such liability. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of this General Condition 20: 
“Bail-In Action” means the exercise of any Write-down and Conversion Powers. 
“Bail-In Legislation” means the BRR ACT 2015, as amended and any other law, Grand Ducal 
regulation or circular issued by Luxembourg competent authority in relation thereto. 
“BRRD” means Directive 2014/59/EU establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of 
credit institutions and investment firms. 
“EEA Member Country” means any member state of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein and 
Norway. 
“EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule” means the document described as such and published and amended 
by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person) on its website from time to time. 
“Resolution Authority” means any body which has authority to exercise any Write-down and 
Conversion Powers. 
“Write-down and Conversion Powers” means any write-down or conversion power existing from time 
to time (including, without limitation, any power to amend or alter the maturity of eligible liabilities on 
an institution under resolution or amend or alter the maturity of eligible liabilities on an institution under 
resolution or amend the amount of interest payable under such eligible liabilities or the date on which 
interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period under, and exercised 
in compliance with any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in Luxembourg.
(b) 
Events of Default 
Neither a reduction or cancellation, in part or in full, of any amounts due or the conversion thereof into 
another security or obligation of CGMFL or another person, as a result of the exercise of the bail-in 
power by the relevant resolution authority with respect to CGMFL, nor the exercise of the bail-in power 
by the relevant resolution authority with respect to the CGMFL Notes will be an Event of Default under 
the CGMFL Notes.

--- Page 382 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS (SUMMARY OF CERTAIN FLOATING RATE OPTIONS FOR THE PURPOSES OF ISDA 
DETERMINATION AND APPLICABLE METHODOLOGIES) 
382 
SUMMARY OF CERTAIN FLOATING RATE OPTIONS FOR THE PURPOSES OF “ISDA 
DETERMINATION” AND APPLICABLE METHODOLOGIES 
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
For the avoidance of doubt, this summary of certain Floating Rate Options under “ISDA Determination” and 
applicable methodologies shall not form part of the General Conditions.  
The questions and answers set out below highlight selected information to help prospective investors understand 
certain Floating Rate Options (as defined below) and applicable methodologies that may be relevant when 
considering the application of “ISDA Determination” to Floating Rate Notes. However, any decision to invest 
in Notes should only be made after careful consideration of the Base Prospectus and the relevant General 
Conditions in their entirety, particularly General Conditions 5(c)(viii) (ISDA Determination: 2006 ISDA 
Definitions) and (ix) (ISDA Determination: 2021 ISDA Definitions), as completed by the relevant Final Terms 
or as completed, modified and/or supplemented by the relevant Pricing Supplement, as applicable. This section 
is not intended to be a substitute for, nor a summary of, General Condition 5(c)(viii) (ISDA Determination: 
2006 ISDA Definitions) or General Condition 5(c)(ix) (ISDA Determination: 2021 ISDA Definitions), as 
applicable. 
Unless otherwise defined in the Base Prospectus, capitalised terms in relation to the following questions and 
answers shall have the meaning given to them in the General Conditions. 
Introduction  
What is “ISDA Determination”?  
“ISDA Determination” is a method of calculating the ISDA Rate (i.e. the interest rate prior to adjustments for 
any spread or participation rate) applicable to Floating Rate Notes. Where “ISDA Determination” applies, the 
ISDA Rate for an Interest Period will be determined on the same basis as the rate that would be calculated for 
an equivalent period under an over-the-counter derivative (“OTC”) transaction documented using the market 
standard interest rate definitions published by ISDA, i.e. the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, as applicable. These definitions provide a standard method of calculating interest and include 
certain fallback provisions which may be used to determine an interest rate in the event of temporary or 
permanent discontinuation of the relevant rate. 
When will “ISDA Determination” apply?  
“ISDA Determination” is applicable if either “ISDA Determination: 2006 Definitions” or “ISDA 
Determination: 2021 Definitions” is elected as the method for calculating interest payable on Floating Rate 
Notes.  
What are the 2006 ISDA Definitions? 
The 2006 ISDA Definitions is a definitional booklet published by ISDA, as amended and/or supplemented from 
time to time. 
What are the 2021 ISDA Definitions? 
The 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, including any Matrices referred to therein, is a 
definitional booklet published by ISDA, as amended and/or updated from time to time.

--- Page 383 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS (SUMMARY OF CERTAIN FLOATING RATE OPTIONS FOR THE PURPOSES OF ISDA 
DETERMINATION AND APPLICABLE METHODOLOGIES) 
383 
Floating Rate Options  
What is a Floating Rate Option? 
The interest rate under an OTC transaction incorporating the ISDA Definitions would be determined by 
reference to the underlying benchmark, which is referred to as the “Floating Rate Option” in the ISDA 
Definitions. Such Floating Rate Option would be as specified by the parties to such OTC transaction. 
Alternatively, in the context of the 2021 ISDA Definitions only, the parties may refer to the “Floating Rate 
Options” as set out within the Floating Rate Matrix, as updated from time to time.  
For the purposes of Floating Rate Notes issued under GRIP to which “ISDA Determination” applies, the 
Floating Rate Option will be specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
What is the Floating Rate Matrix? 
The Floating Rate Matrix is only relevant for only such swap transactions which incorporate the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions. It specifies certain standard characteristics of each Floating Rate Option (including the “Category” 
that such Floating Rate Option belongs to and its “Style”). These characteristics would previously have been 
described using “long-hand” legal drafting in the 2006 ISDA Definitions.  
What are the different types of Floating Rate Options? 
There are different types of Floating Rate Options, including the following: 
(a) 
an Overnight Floating Rate Option (see further “What is an Overnight Floating Rate Option?” below); 
and 
(b) 
an Index Floating Rate Option (see further “What is an Index Floating Rate Option?” below). 
What is an Overnight Floating Rate Option? 
An Overnight Floating Rate Option is a Floating Rate Option that directly references an overnight rate. Where 
“ISDA Determination: 2021 ISDA Definitions” applies, the relevant benchmark will be identified as an 
“Overnight Rate” in the Floating Rate Matrix.  
What is an Index Floating Rate Option? 
An Index Floating Rate Option is a Floating Rate Option that either: 
(a) 
describes the level of a calculated index and, where “ISDA Determination: 2021 ISDA Definitions” 
applies, the relevant benchmark will be identified as an “Index” in the Floating Rate Matrix; or 
(b) 
describes the level of an index that represents the rate of return of a daily compound interest rate 
investment and, where “ISDA Determination: 2021 ISDA Definitions” applies, the relevant benchmark 
will be identified as a “Compounded Index” in the Floating Rate Matrix 
What methodologies may be applied to Floating Rate Options? 
Certain compounding or averaging methodologies may be applied to Floating Rate Options where market 
participants require the flexibility to more accurately hedge cash products which use different methodologies. 
Further, certain compounding methodologies may be applied to Floating Rate Options which are indices with 
a view to providing a standardised way of calculating compounded rates, especially for less sophisticated market 
participants who may not have access to detailed financial data. In any case, this is a commercial (rather than a 
legal) consideration and therefore it is not mandatory that such methodologies must always apply. In fact, for 
certain Floating Rate Options (such as term rates), the application of a methodology is not consistent with the 
nature of the Floating Rate Option itself and, therefore, such considerations would not be relevant for such 
Floating Rate Options.

--- Page 384 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS (SUMMARY OF CERTAIN FLOATING RATE OPTIONS FOR THE PURPOSES OF ISDA 
DETERMINATION AND APPLICABLE METHODOLOGIES) 
384 
Under GRIP, it is possible to apply a compounding or an averaging methodology to an Overnight Floating Rate 
Option (see further, “Overnight Rate Compounding Methods” and “Overnight Rate Averaging Methods” below) 
or certain index methodologies to an Index Floating Rate Option (see further, “Index Methods” below). Where 
such methodologies apply, these will be specified in the relevant Issue Terms.  
Overnight Rate Compounding Methods  
Which compounding methods may be applied to Overnight Floating Rate Options? 
Any of the following compounding methods may be applied to Overnight Floating Rate Options provided that 
such method is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms: 
(a) 
“OIS Compounding” (see further, “What is OIS Compounding?” below);  
(b) 
“Compounding with Lookback” (see further, “What is Compounding with Lookback?” below); 
(c) 
“Compounding with Observation Period Shift” (see further, “What is Compounding with Observation 
Period Shift?” below); and 
(d) 
“Compounding with Lockout” (see further, “What is Compounding with Lockout?” below). 
Where “ISDA Determination: 2021 ISDA Definitions” applies, any other overnight rate compounding method 
may also be specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
What is OIS Compounding? 
If “OIS Compounding” applies to an Overnight Floating Rate Option in respect of an Interest Period:  
(a) 
the rate for each Business Day in such Interest Period will be determined on the basis of the rate observed 
for such day and the levels of the daily observed rates will be compounded to determine the ISDA Rate 
for the relevant Interest Period; and  
(b) 
the weighting to be given to the rate is determined by reference to each day in such Interest Period. 
As a result of the above, the compounded rate can be fixed only on the last Business Day of such Interest Period. 
Where the last Interest Period End Date and the Interest Payment Date fall on the same date, there is flexibility 
to push out such Interest Payment Date by switching on “Delayed Payment” in the relevant Issue Terms and 
also specify the period of delay (referred to as the “Delayed Interest Payment Dates”). 
It is further possible to cap and/or floor the daily observed rate by switching on the elections for “Daily Capped 
Rate” and/or “Daily Floored Rate”, as applicable, in the relevant Issue Terms. 
What is “Compounding with Lookback”? 
If “Compounding with Lookback” applies to an Overnight Floating Rate Option in respect of an Interest Period: 
(a) 
the rate for each Business Day in such Interest Period will be determined on the basis of the rate observed 
for a certain number of Business Days prior to such date (referred to as the “Lookback”) and the levels 
of the daily observed rates will be compounded to determine the ISDA Rate for such Interest Period; 
(b) 
the length of the “Lookback” will either be specified in the relevant Issue Terms or set out in the relevant 
ISDA Definitions; and 
(c) 
the weighting to be given to the rate will depend on the relevant day in the Interest Period.  
What is Compounding with Observation Period Shift? 
If “Compounding with Observation Period Shift” applies to an Overnight Floating Rate Option in respect of an 
Interest Period:

--- Page 385 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS (SUMMARY OF CERTAIN FLOATING RATE OPTIONS FOR THE PURPOSES OF ISDA 
DETERMINATION AND APPLICABLE METHODOLOGIES) 
385 
(a) 
the rate for each Business Day in such Interest Period will be determined on the basis of the rate observed 
for the corresponding day during an “observation period” which shadows such Interest Period (i.e. both 
the start and end dates of such Interest Period will be shifted by a specified number of days referred to 
as the “Observation Period Shift”) and the levels of the daily observed rates will be compounded to 
determine the ISDA Rate for the relevant Interest Period; 
(b) 
the length of the “Observation Period Shift” will either be specified in the relevant Issue Terms or set 
out in the relevant ISDA Definitions; and 
(c) 
the weighting to be given to the rate will be determined on the basis of the relevant day in such 
observation period.  
There is flexibility to fix the rate in advance by switching on “Set-in-Advance” in the relevant Issue Terms.  
What is Compounding with Lockout? 
If “Compounding with Lockout” applies to an Overnight Floating Rate Option in respect of an Interest Period: 
(a) 
the rate for each Business Day in such Interest Period will be determined as follows:  
(i) 
for each day in the Interest Period up and to (and including) a specified date falling a number of 
Business Days before the end of the Interest Period (the “Lockout Date”), on the basis of the rate 
observed for such day; and  
(ii) 
for each day in the Interest Period from (but excluding) the Lockout Date up to the end of the 
Interest Period (referred to as the “Lockout Period”), on the basis of the rate observed on the 
Lockout Date (i.e. a single rate will apply during the Lockout Period),  
and the levels of the daily observed rates will be compounded to determine the ISDA Rate for such 
Interest Period; 
(b) 
the length of the “Lockout Period” will either be specified in the relevant Issue Terms or set out in the 
relevant ISDA Definitions; and 
(c) 
the weighting to be given to the rate will be determined on the basis of the relevant day in such Interest 
Period, including during the Lockout Period. This essentially means that the designation of a Lockout 
Period will not impact the weighting given to the rate.  
Overnight Rate Averaging Methods 
Which averaging methods may be applied to Overnight Floating Rate Options? 
Any of the following averaging methods may be applied to Overnight Floating Rate Options provided that such 
method is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms: 
(a) 
“OIS Averaging” (see further, “What is “Overnight Averaging”?” below);  
(b) 
“Averaging with Lookback” (see further, “What is “Averaging with Lookback”?” below); 
(c) 
“Averaging with Observation Period Shift” (see further, “What is “Averaging with Observation Period 
Shift”?” below); and 
(d) 
“Averaging with Lockout” (see further, “What is “Averaging with Lockout”?” below). 
Where “ISDA Determination: 2021 ISDA Definitions” applies, any other overnight rate averaging method may 
be specified in the relevant Issue Terms.

--- Page 386 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS (SUMMARY OF CERTAIN FLOATING RATE OPTIONS FOR THE PURPOSES OF ISDA 
DETERMINATION AND APPLICABLE METHODOLOGIES) 
386 
What is “Overnight Averaging”? 
If “Overnight Averaging” applies to an Overnight Floating Rate Option in respect of an Interest Period:  
(a) 
the rate for each Business Day in such Interest Period will be determined on the basis of the rate observed 
for such day and the levels of the daily observed rates will be averaged to determine the ISDA Rate for 
the relevant Interest Period; and  
(b) 
the weighting to be given to the rate is determined by reference to each day in such Interest Period. 
As a result of the above, the averaged rate can be fixed only on the last Business Day of such Interest Period. 
Where the last Interest Period End Date and the Interest Payment Date fall on the same date, there is flexibility 
to push out such Interest Payment Date by switching on “Delayed Payment” in the relevant Issue Terms and 
also specify the period of delay (i.e. referred to as the “Delayed Interest Payment Dates”). 
It is further possible to cap and/or floor the daily observed rate by switching on the elections for “Daily Capped 
Rate” and/or “Daily Floored Rate”, as applicable, in the relevant Issue Terms. 
What is “Averaging with Lookback”? 
“Averaging with Lookback” is similar to “Compounding with Lookback” (see “What is Compounding with 
Lookback?” above), except that the ISDA Rate is determined by averaging (rather than compounding) the levels 
of the daily observed rates for the relevant Interest Period. 
What is “Averaging with Observation Period Shift”? 
“Averaging with Observation Period Shift” is similar to “Compounding with Observation Period Shift” (see 
“What is Compounding with Observation Period Shift?” above), except that the ISDA Rate is determined by 
averaging (rather than compounding) the levels of the daily observed rates for the relevant Interest Period. 
What is “Averaging with Lockout”? 
“Averaging with Lockout” is similar to “Compounding with Lockout” (see “What is Compounding with 
Lockout?” above), except that the ISDA Rate is determined by averaging (rather than compounding) the levels 
of the daily observed rates for the relevant Interest Period. 
Index Methods  
Which methodologies may be applied to Index Floating Rate Options? 
In respect of Floating Rate Notes to which “ISDA Determination: 2021 Definitions” apply, it is possible to 
apply the “Standard Index Method” (see further, “What is the Standard Index Method?” below) provided that 
such method is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Further, in respect of Floating Rate Notes to which “ISDA Determination: 2006 Definitions” or “ISDA 
Determination: 2021 Definitions” applies, any of the following methodologies may be applied to Index Floating 
Rate Options provided that such method is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms: 
(a) 
“Compounded Index Method” (see further, “What is the “Compounded Index Method”?” below); and 
(b) 
“Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift” (see further, “What is the “Compounded 
Index Method with Observation Period Shift”?” below); and 
(c) 
“All-In Compounded Index Method” (see further, “What is “All-In Compounded Index Method”?”). 
In respect of Floating Rate Notes to which “ISDA Determination: 2021 Definitions” apply, any other 
methodology may also be specified in the relevant Issue Terms.

--- Page 387 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS (SUMMARY OF CERTAIN FLOATING RATE OPTIONS FOR THE PURPOSES OF ISDA 
DETERMINATION AND APPLICABLE METHODOLOGIES) 
387 
What is the “Standard Index Method”? 
If the “Standard Index Method” applies to an Index Floating Rate Option in respect of an Interest Period, the 
ISDA Rate for such Interest Period will be calculated as the rate of return of the relevant index over such Interest 
Period (essentially, by comparing the change in the index level between the start of such Interest Period and the 
end of such Interest Period). 
What is the “Compounded Index Method”? 
If the “Compounded Index Method” applies to an Index Floating Rate Option in respect of an Interest Period, 
the ISDA Rate for such Interest Period will be the rate of return of the relevant compounded index over such 
relevant Interest Period (as above, by comparing the change in the compounded index level between the start 
of such Interest Period and the end of such Interest Period). 
What is the “Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift”? 
If the “Compounded Index Method with Observation Period Shift” applies to an Index Floating Rate Option in 
respect of an Interest Period: 
(a) 
the ISDA Rate for such Interest Period will be the rate of return of the relevant compounded index over 
the “observation period” which shadows such Interest Period (i.e. both the start and end dates of such 
Interest Period will be shifted by a specified number of days referred to as the “Observation Shift 
Period”); and 
(b) 
the length of the “Observation Period Shift” will either be specified in the relevant Issue Terms or set 
out in the relevant ISDA Definitions. 
There is flexibility to fix the rate in advance by switching on “Set-in-Advance” in the relevant Issue Terms.  
What is the “All-In Compounded Index Method”? 
If the “All-In Compounded Index Method” applies to a Compounded Index Floating Rate Option in respect of 
an Interest Period, the ISDA Rate for such Interest Period will be the rate of return of the relevant compounded 
index over such relevant Interest Period (as above, by comparing the change in the compounded index level 
between the start of such Interest Period and the end of such Interest Period).

--- Page 388 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
388 
SECTION G.2 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY)

--- Page 389 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS (CREDIT LINKED NOTES) 
389 
PART A: INTRODUCTION TO THE CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
For the avoidance of doubt, this introduction to the Credit Linked Conditions (including the worked examples 
set out in the Annex (Worked Examples in respect of Credit Linked Notes) to this Part A) shall not form part of 
the Credit Linked Conditions. 
The questions and answers set out below and the worked examples set out in the Annex (Worked Examples in 
respect of Credit Linked Notes) to this PART A highlight selected information and provide practical examples 
to help prospective investors understand the Credit Linked Notes. However, any decision to invest in the Credit 
Linked Notes should only be made after careful consideration of the Base Prospectus and the relevant General 
Conditions in their entirety, particularly the terms and conditions of the Credit Linked Notes set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions, as completed by the relevant Final Terms or as completed, modified and/or supplemented 
by the relevant Pricing Supplement, as applicable. This section should be treated as an introduction to certain 
terms of the Credit Linked Notes. It is not intended to be a substitute for, nor a summary of, the Credit Linked 
Conditions. 
Unless otherwise defined in the Base Prospectus, capitalised terms in relation to the following questions and 
answers shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Linked Conditions. 
INTRODUCTION TO CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
What are Credit Linked Notes? 
Credit Linked Notes are debt securities, the value of which is linked to the credit risk of one or more Reference 
Entities. The amount of interest, if applicable, and principal which investors will receive on the Credit Linked 
Notes is dependent on whether certain Credit Events or Risk Events, as applicable, occur in respect of any 
relevant Reference Entity to which the Credit Linked Notes are linked.  
In purchasing the Credit Linked Notes, investors are assuming credit risk exposure to each Reference Entity 
(and possible successors thereof). A Credit Linked Note is broadly intended to give the investor access to a 
credit default swap referencing certain Reference Entit(y)(ies) in funded format. Therefore, many of the features 
and risks applicable to a market standard credit default swap referencing the relevant Reference Entit(y)(ies) 
will be equally applicable to the Credit Linked Notes. 
By investing in the Credit Linked Notes, the investor will be a seller of credit protection (and hence a buyer of 
credit risk), while the Issuer will be a buyer of credit protection (and therefore a seller of credit risk). 
What is credit risk? 
Credit risk with respect to a Reference Entity is the risk that the Reference Entity fails to perform its obligations 
under certain borrowed money, bond or loan (as applicable) obligations, a specified reference obligation of the 
Reference Entity or the risk that the Reference Entity enters into bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings. 
Borrowed money obligations include any incurred loan obligations of the Reference Entity, obligations under 
any debt securities issued by the Reference Entity and certain qualifying guarantees of the Reference Entity 
related to such borrowed money obligations. In addition, failure to perform with respect to certain specified 
reference obligations will also be captured.  
The failure of the Reference Entity to perform its obligations is generally (but not exclusively) as a result of a 
deterioration of its financial condition. 
The financial condition and creditworthiness of a Reference Entity may change over time. Public information 
which is available in relation to a Reference Entity may be incomplete, misleading or out of date. The identity

--- Page 390 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS (CREDIT LINKED NOTES) 
390 
of each Reference Entity is subject to change as a result of successions where there are debt transfers or where 
another entity issues bonds or incurs a loan obligation in exchange for bonds or loans of the Reference Entity. 
The risks associated with a successor Reference Entity may be greater than the risks associated with the original 
Reference Entity. 
If the Credit Linked Notes are linked to multiple Reference Entities, the probability that a Credit Event will 
occur may be increased. The credit risk to investors may further be increased if the Reference Entities are 
concentrated in a particular industry sector or geographic area, or if they have exposure to similar financial or 
other risks. 
What is the difference between the Credit Linked Notes and an ordinary debt security? 
Credit Linked Notes are similar to an ordinary debt security in that they provide the investor with a regular 
stream of interest payments, if applicable, and the return of par or a premium (in the case of Credit Linked 
Notes that are Zero Coupon Notes) on maturity in the ordinary course. However, Credit Linked Notes have the 
added feature not present in ordinary debt securities of an exposure to the credit of one or more Reference 
Entities. If a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable, occurs in relation to the relevant Reference Entity, an 
investor may lose all or part of its investment in the Credit Linked Notes. 
What is the difference between Credit Linked Notes and a bond issued by the Reference Entity? 
Credit Linked Notes give an investor exposure to the credit risk of the Reference Entity without having to own 
a bond, loan or other type of borrowed money obligation of such Reference Entity. The Reference Entity itself 
is not a party to and has no direct involvement in the Credit Linked Notes and an investor will not be able to 
claim against the Reference Entity or Issuer for any losses it suffers from a Credit Event or Risk Event, as 
applicable, in respect of the relevant Reference Entity. The investor will also not have any interest in, or rights 
under, any obligation of such Reference Entity. An investment in Credit Linked Notes is not equivalent to an 
investment in the obligations of a Reference Entity.  
The Issuer is not obliged to hold any obligation of the Reference Entity or otherwise have credit risk exposure 
to the Reference Entity. In addition to the credit risk of the relevant Reference Entity to which the Credit Linked 
Notes are linked, an investor will also be exposed to the credit risk of the Issuer and/or Guarantor, as applicable. 
Therefore, even if the Reference Entity is performing well, an investor may still suffer a loss if the Issuer’s 
and/or the Guarantor’s, as applicable, creditworthiness declines.  
How do changes in share prices of any Reference Entity affect the value of the Credit Linked Notes? 
Taking credit risk on the Reference Entity by purchasing Credit Linked Notes is different from taking equity 
risk by investing in shares of the Reference Entity. There are a number of reasons for this. For example: 
(a) 
the Credit Linked Notes reference borrowed money obligations of the Reference Entity or specified 
guarantees of the Reference Entity in respect of borrowed money obligations, and a Reference Entity 
must generally pay amounts due to the creditors on these debt obligations before paying dividends or 
capital to shareholders; 
(b) 
the obligations of the Reference Entity referenced by the Credit Linked Notes consist of borrowed money 
obligations or specified guarantees of the Reference Entity in respect of borrowed money obligations; 
holders of this type of debt will generally rank ahead of holders of ordinary shares in the insolvency of 
a Reference Entity, and so may have (but are not guaranteed) a higher rate of recovery of moneys due to 
them; 
(c) 
the Credit Linked Notes reference these borrowed money obligations and accordingly, the market value 
of the Credit Linked Notes is related to (although not necessarily equal to) the value of these borrowed 
money obligations; and

--- Page 391 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS (CREDIT LINKED NOTES) 
391 
(d) 
there is no direct link between share prices and the value of the Credit Linked Notes. 
However, in some circumstances, change in the share price of the Reference Entity may result in or from, at a 
general level, a change in the market value of its debt and vice versa. 
KEY REGULATORY CONCEPTS RELEVANT TO CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
What is ISDA? 
The International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (“ISDA”) is a trade organisation of participants in 
the market for over-the-counter derivatives. It is headquartered in New York, and is responsible for creating 
standardised contracts such as the ISDA Master Agreement and the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
and a wide range of related documentation, that are used to enter into derivatives transactions. Definitions, 
confirmations and other documents and information published by ISDA are available on ISDA’s website: 
https://www.isda.org/. Certain publications are available free of charge while others are available to subscribers 
of the website only. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, ISDA has over 900 member institutions from over 70 countries. These 
members include a broad range of over-the-counter derivatives market participants.  
What is a Credit Event? 
A Credit Event is, broadly speaking, an event which may be, but is not necessarily, regarded as being indicative 
of a default or material decline in the creditworthiness of the Reference Entity, which also includes bankruptcy 
in the case of a corporate Reference Entity. 
Credit Events are determined by reference to, in the context of a bankruptcy, the relevant Reference Entity itself 
and, in other cases, certain eligible types of obligations of such Reference Entity (including certain qualifying 
guarantees of the Reference Entity in relation to such obligations) which, in relation to the Credit Linked Notes, 
include loans, debt securities or other borrowed money obligations of the Reference Entity or specified 
reference obligations (“Obligations”).  
The Credit Events relevant to the Credit Linked Notes are any of the following events with respect to the 
Reference Entity, which will apply to a Credit Linked Note if specified or elected by reference to a specified 
transaction type in the relevant Issue Terms: 
(a) 
Failure to Pay: a failure by the Reference Entity to pay amounts when due under its Obligations (after 
the expiry of any applicable grace period), where the failure to pay relates to an amount greater than a 
pre-determined minimum amount and where the “2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019)” and “Credit Deterioration Requirement” are applicable, the 
failure to pay results from a deterioration in the creditworthiness of the Reference Entity; 
(b) 
Bankruptcy: a bankruptcy or insolvency procedure in respect of the Reference Entity; 
(c) 
Restructuring: a restructuring of an Obligation of the Reference Entity which amends key terms of that 
Obligation as to reduction in repayment of principal or payment of interest thereunder, postponement in 
the payment of principal or interest, the changes in the ranking of the instrument causing subordination 
or resulting in redenomination into certain hard currencies in a form that binds all holders of the 
obligation and such event is not expressly provided for in the terms of the instrument where the event 
results from, directly or indirectly, a deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the 
Reference Entity; 
(d) 
Obligation Acceleration: the acceleration of an Obligation of the Reference Entity before it would 
otherwise be due and payable in respect of a pre-determined minimum amount;

--- Page 392 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS (CREDIT LINKED NOTES) 
392 
(e) 
Obligation Default: an Obligation of the Reference Entity in respect of a pre-determined minimum 
amount becomes capable of being declared due and payable before it would otherwise be due and 
payable; 
(f) 
Repudiation/Moratorium: the Reference Entity repudiates an Obligation in respect of a pre-determined 
minimum amount or imposes a moratorium in respect of an Obligation in respect of such minimum 
amount and a failure to pay or a restructuring under such obligation subsequently occurs within a 
specified time period, without regard to any pre-determined amount; or 
(g) 
Governmental Intervention: an event which would result in the reduction or postponement of payment 
of principal or interest or change in ranking of priority in the instrument causing subordination, an 
expropriation of or the mandatory cancellation of an Obligation as the result of an action taken or 
announcement made by a Governmental Authority in a form which is binding regardless of whether such 
event is expressly provided for under the terms of the instrument. This event is applicable only where 
each of “Financial Reference Entity” terms and “2014 Reference Entity” are stated to be applicable in 
the Issue Terms. 
What Credit Events apply to the Credit Linked Notes? 
In respect of each issue of Credit Linked Notes, the types of Credit Events which may apply in relation to the 
specified Reference Entity will vary depending on the identity of each Reference Entity and will be determined 
by reference to market standards that will be specified in the relevant Issue Terms. Typically, certain terms of 
the Credit Linked Notes, for example the maturity and the price of credit protection purchased will be subject 
to negotiation between the parties. However, many key terms of the Credit Linked Notes – for example, the 
applicable Credit Events – are typically determined by reference to a physical settlement matrix of market 
standard terms published by ISDA (the version of such matrix which is effective as at the Trade Date or Effective 
Date, as applicable, is referred to as the “Physical Settlement Matrix”). The Physical Settlement Matrix 
recognises a variety of standard terms based on the nature of the relevant Reference Entity (corporate, sovereign, 
etc.) and its location (EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa), Asia-Ex Japan, Japan, Latin America, North 
America etc.). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Physical Settlement Matrix is available free of charge 
on ISDA’s website at https://www.isda.org. 
The Issue Terms will specify a “Transaction Type” with respect to the relevant Reference Entity. Certain terms 
of the Credit Linked Notes, including Credit Events, will be determined by reference to the Physical Settlement 
Matrix for such “Transaction Type”. Such terms may vary between particular series of Credit Linked Notes 
depending on the relevant “Transaction Type” which applies. Further, the Physical Settlement Matrix is updated 
regularly by ISDA and accordingly, different Series of Credit Linked Notes may refer to different versions of 
the Physical Settlement Matrix. 
What is a Risk Event and does it apply to all Credit Linked Notes? 
A Risk Event may be a Credit Event or an Additional Risk Event. While Credit Events cover the risks arising 
from the creditworthiness of the Reference Entity (see further “What is a Credit Event?” above), Additional 
Risk Events are indicative of defaults or risks specific to certain local access jurisdictions and will apply to 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes to the extent that 
such events apply in the relevant Issue Terms. Additional Risk Events include, amongst other things, events that 
make it impossible, illegal or impracticable for, or prohibit, restrict or materially delay the ability of, any entity 
holding a loan or obligation to convert or repatriate currency or purchase, hold, receive, sell, freely transfer or 
remain the owner of any such loan or obligation or affect the performance of custodial and settlement activities,  
the occurrence of certain restructuring events in respect of Reference Assets, reductions in the fair market value 
of the Credit Linked Notes and/or (in the case of Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes only) reductions in 
the liquidation value of the relevant basket of Reference Assets.

--- Page 393 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS (CREDIT LINKED NOTES) 
393 
The concept of a Risk Event is therefore specific to Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local 
Access Basket Credit Linked Notes. The types of Risk Events which may apply in relation to the specified 
Reference Entity will vary depending on the identity of each Reference Entity and the jurisdiction of such 
Reference Entity. 
When does a Credit Event need to occur to affect the payout on the Credit Linked Notes? 
A Credit Event may occur at any time during the period from, and including, the “Credit Event Backstop Date” 
to, and including, the Scheduled Maturity Date or such other date as is specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
(subject to extension in certain circumstances). 
The Credit Event Backstop Date is typically intended to be a rolling date which is: 
(a) 
if a relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee (see further “What is the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee and how does it affect the Credit Linked Notes (other than Local Access 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes)?” below) receives a 
request to resolve whether or not a Credit Event has occurred in relation to a Reference Entity (such date 
of request, the “Credit Event Resolution Request Date”), 60 calendar days prior to the date of such 
request; or  
(b) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that a Credit Event has occurred in relation to any Reference Entity 
or an Obligation thereof and delivers an effective Credit Event Notice, and supporting information (if 
applicable), to the Issuer for delivery to the Fiscal Agent and the Noteholders to that effect, when the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee is not going to consider the same, 60 calendar days prior 
to the earlier of (i) the effective delivery date of such Credit Event Notice (where it occurs during the 
notice delivery period) and (ii) the Credit Event Resolution Request Date (where the effective delivery 
date of such Credit Event Notice occurs during the post dismissal additional period), subject to extension 
in certain circumstances. 
Instead of a rolling date, the Issue Date or Trade Date may be specified to be the Credit Event Backstop Date 
in the relevant Issue Terms. 
When does a Risk Event need to occur to affect the payout on the Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes? 
A Risk Event may occur at any time during the “Risk Event Determination Period”, being a period commencing 
on the Issue Date or the Trade Date (as specified in the Issue Terms) and expiring on the Scheduled Maturity 
Date (subject to extension in certain circumstances). 
What are the event and payment timings which are relevant?  
(a) 
Event Timing: In order to determine the day on which an event occurs for the purposes of the Credit 
Linked Notes, the demarcation of days shall be made by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the 
Transaction Type of the Reference Entity relates to Japan, Tokyo time), irrespective of the time zone in 
which such event occurred. Any event occurring at midnight shall be deemed to have occurred 
immediately prior to midnight.  
(b) 
Payment Timing: If a payment is not made by the Reference Entity on its due date or, as the case may 
be, on the final day of the relevant Grace Period, then such failure to make a payment shall be deemed 
to have occurred on such day prior to midnight Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of 
the Reference Entity relates to Japan, Tokyo time), irrespective of the time zone of its place of payment.

--- Page 394 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS (CREDIT LINKED NOTES) 
394 
Can a Credit Event occur prior to the Issue Date or the Trade Date? 
Yes. A Credit Event may occur prior to the Issue Date of the Credit Linked Notes and may even occur prior to 
the Trade Date specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Noteholders should conduct their own review of any recent developments with respect to the Reference Entity 
by consulting publicly available information. If a request has been delivered to ISDA prior to the Trade Date to 
determine whether a Credit Event has occurred with respect to the Reference Entity, details of such request may 
be found on the ISDA website at https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/. 
When can a Credit Event or a Risk Event be triggered? 
A Credit Event may be bilaterally triggered with respect to the Reference Entity during the “Notice Delivery 
Period”, being a period commencing on the Trade Date (as specified in the Issue Terms) and expiring 14 
calendar days after the Extension Date. The Extension Date means the later of (a) the Scheduled Maturity Date 
or (b) if a potential Credit Event, such as a Failure to Pay or Repudiation/Moratorium, has occurred on or prior 
to the Scheduled Maturity Date of the Credit Linked Notes, which may become an actual Credit Event within 
a specified period following the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Grace Period Extension Date or the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. Similarly, a Risk Event may be triggered with respect to the 
Reference Entity during the Risk Event Determination Period and such period may be pushed out in certain 
circumstances (see “When does a Risk Event need to occur to affect the payout on the Local Access Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes?” above). Accordingly, notwithstanding the 
occurrence of a Scheduled Maturity Date, a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, could be triggered after 
the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
What is an Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date? 
In order for Credit Linked Notes to be redeemed following a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable, it is 
necessary for a relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, 
to have occurred. Depending on the circumstances, this may be the date on which a notice describing the 
occurrence of the Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, has been effectively delivered (together with, if 
applicable, a notice containing publicly available information confirming the occurrence of the Credit Event or 
Risk Event, as applicable), or, for Credit Linked Notes other than Local Access Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, the date on which, amongst other things, it is publicly 
announced that a DC Credit Event Question was effective and the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
was in possession of publicly available information with respect to such question, provided that certain 
conditions are satisfied. 
Accordingly, notwithstanding the occurrence of a Scheduled Maturity Date, an Event Determination Date 
could occur as a result of issues submitted to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee after the 
Scheduled Maturity Date where the date on which a DC Credit Event Question was effective and on which 
a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was in possession of Publicly Available Information with 
respect to such question falls on or prior to the 14th day following the Scheduled Maturity Date or any 
Extension Date, as applicable.  
Can an Event Determination Date only occur if a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
determines that one has occurred? 
No. The Calculation Agent and the Issuer may also deliver a Credit Event Notice to the Noteholder in relation 
to a Credit Event triggering an Event Determination Date (see “When can a Credit Event or a Risk Event be 
triggered?” above).

--- Page 395 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS (CREDIT LINKED NOTES) 
395 
An Event Determination Date may be bilaterally triggered following the occurrence of a Credit Event that is an 
M(M)R Restructuring. In other cases, although the Calculation Agent and the Issuer may trigger an Event 
Determination Date following the occurrence of a Credit Event it will only be able to do so if (a) a Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has not made a DC Credit Event Announcement or a DC No Credit 
Event Announcement; (b) it has some information to support its determination that a Credit Event has occurred 
and (c) (in circumstances where a Notice of Publicly Available Information is required to be provided) it cites 
Publicly Available Information confirming the occurrence of the Credit Event described in the Credit Event 
Notice. 
What is the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and how does it affect the Credit Linked Notes 
(other than Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked 
Notes)? 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was established by ISDA in March 2009 to make 
determinations that are relevant to the majority of the credit derivatives market and to promote transparency 
and consistency. Noteholders will have no role in the composition of the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee by virtue of the fact that they are investors in the Credit Linked Notes. 
Prospective Noteholders should note that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has the power to 
make binding decisions which the Calculation Agent may determine are applicable for the purposes of the 
Credit Linked Notes on critical issues, including: 
(a) 
the occurrence of a Credit Event and the standard Event Determination Date; 
(b) 
whether one or more Auctions will be held in respect of the Reference Entity for which a Credit Event 
has occurred; 
(c) 
if one or more Auctions are to be held, what Deliverable Obligations of the Reference Entity will be 
used for the purposes of determining the price for each such Auction and the relevant auction buckets 
which cover the various scheduled termination dates of transactions;  
(d) 
the suitable methodology to be applied when determining the asset market value of any non-financial 
instruments or instruments not capable of transfer or when asset package delivery will be cash settled; 
(e) 
the auction settlement terms;  
(f) 
the occurrence of a succession or succession event and the identity of any “Successors” (for details, see 
“Successors” below); and 
(g) 
suitable substitute Reference Obligations where a substitution event has occurred. 
Consequently, Noteholders will be bound by any such relevant decisions determined to be applicable to the 
Credit Linked Notes and the payments on the Credit Linked Notes and the timing of any such payments may 
be affected by such decisions or determinations. Questions referred to the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee and the results of binding votes will be published by the DC Secretary on 
https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/. 
The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees are regional and there is a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee for each of the following five regions: the Americas, Asia (excluding Japan), 
Australia and New Zealand, Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA) and Japan. The proceedings of each 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will be governed by rules published from time to time by the DC 
Secretary. A copy of such rules is available as at the date of this Base Prospectus free of charge at 
https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/.

--- Page 396 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS (CREDIT LINKED NOTES) 
396 
Each Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee is formed of ten voting dealer members, five voting buyside 
(non-dealer) members and three non-voting members (two dealers and one buyside). A Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee may also include as non-voting members one or more credit derivatives central 
clearing counterparties as observer members. Dealer institutions are selected for membership in accordance 
with the DC Rules published by the DC Secretary and certain trading volume data guidelines. 
With effect from 12 October 2018, DC Administration Services, Inc., a Delaware-incorporated subsidiary of 
ISDA was appointed by ISDA to act as the DC Secretary. The DC Secretary is responsible for various 
administrative tasks, including distributing questions submitted by eligible market participants to the relevant 
DC Members, convening DC meetings, and publishing the results of DC votes. The DC Secretary does not vote 
on whether Credit Events have occurred. 
SUMMARY OF DIFFERENT CREDIT PRODUCTS UNDER THE PROGRAMME  
What are the different types of Credit Linked Notes that may be issued under the Programme? 
If Credit Linked Notes are issued by way of Final Terms, the Credit Linked Notes may be Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes.  
(A) 
What are Single Name Credit Linked Notes? 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes represent an investment linked to the performance of only one 
Reference Entity specified in the relevant Issue Terms.  
Unless redeemed early in full, if a Credit Event and a relevant Event Determination Date occurs, then 
each Single Name Credit Linked Note will be redeemed in full (or, where an M(M)R Restructuring 
occurs or multiple successors are identified, in part) by payment of the relevant Credit Event Redemption 
Amount or, where Physical Redemption applies, by delivery of the Physical Redemption Assets and/or 
any applicable cash amounts on the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date.  
Multiple Credit Events and related Event Determination Dates may occur in respect of Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes in accordance with the relevant M(M)R Restructuring and Successor provisions.  
(B) 
What are Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes? 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes represent an investment linked to the performance of a basket 
with two or more Reference Entities, although such Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes are 
exposed to the credit risk of only the “nth” Reference Entity specified in the relevant Issue Terms. For 
example, if “n” is five, then redemption will only arise after a Credit Event has occurred with respect to 
five of the Reference Entities in the basket, and then only with respect to that fifth Reference Entity. As 
such, if one or more Credit Events occur in respect of Reference Entities other than the nth Reference 
Entity, redemption of the Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes will not be triggered.  
Unless redeemed early in full, if a Credit Event and a relevant Event Determination Date occurs in 
respect of the nth Reference Entity, then each Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note will be 
redeemed in full (or, where an M(M)R Restructuring occurs or multiple successors are identified, in part) 
by payment of the relevant Credit Event Redemption Amount or, where Physical Redemption applies, 
by delivery of the Physical Redemption Assets and/or any applicable cash amounts on the relevant Credit 
Event Redemption Date.  
Multiple Credit Events and related Event Determination Dates may occur in respect of the nth Reference 
Entity in accordance with the relevant M(M)R Restructuring and Successor provisions.

--- Page 397 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS (CREDIT LINKED NOTES) 
397 
(C) 
What are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes? 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes represent an investment linked to the performance of a basket of 
Reference Entities specified in the relevant Issue Terms and are exposed to the credit risk of each 
Reference Entity in the basket in proportion to the weighting specified for such Reference Entity in the 
relevant Issue Terms.  
Unless redeemed early in full, if a Credit Event and relevant Event Determination Date occurs in respect 
of any one of the Reference Entities in the basket, then each Linear Basket Credit Linked Note will be 
redeemed in part, in proportion to the weighting of the affected Reference Entity, by payment of the 
relevant Credit Event Redemption Amount or, where Physical Redemption applies, by delivery of the 
Physical Redemption Assets and/or any applicable cash amounts on the relevant Credit Event 
Redemption Date. Redemption will be effected in accordance with the relevant M(M)R Restructuring 
and Successor provisions, where applicable.  
Multiple Credit Events, and therefore multiple Event Determination Dates, may occur with respect to 
more than one Reference Entity. Further, multiple Credit Events and related Event Determination Dates 
may occur in respect of a single Reference Entity in accordance with the relevant M(M)R Restructuring 
and Successor provisions. 
(D) 
What are Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes? 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes represent an investment linked to the performance of component 
Reference Entities of an Index specified in the relevant Issue Terms. Such Index may be either an 
iTraxx® Index or a CDX® Index. The Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes are exposed to the credit 
risk of each Reference Entity in the relevant Index in proportion to the weighting specified for such 
Reference Entity in the relevant Issue Terms.  
Unless redeemed early in full, if a Credit Event and relevant Event Determination Date occurs in respect 
of any one of the Reference Entities in the Index, then each Index Untranched Credit Linked Note will 
be redeemed in part, in proportion to the weighting of the affected Reference Entity, by payment of the 
relevant Credit Event Redemption Amount on the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date and, where 
applicable, in accordance with the relevant M(M)R Restructuring and Successor provisions.  
Multiple Credit Events, and therefore multiple Event Determination Dates, may occur with respect to 
more than one Reference Entity. Further, multiple Credit Events and related Event Determination Dates 
may occur in respect of a single Reference Entity in accordance with the relevant M(M)R Restructuring 
and Successor provisions. 
(E) 
What are Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes? 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes represent an investment linked to the performance of component 
Reference Entities of an Index specified in the relevant Issue Terms, although such Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes are only exposed to the incurred losses and redemptions are effected with respect 
to incurred recoveries (if any) in respect of a specified tranche of that Index. Such Index may be either 
an iTraxx® Index or a CDX® Index. Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes are accordingly exposed to 
the credit risk of each Reference Entity in the relevant Index in proportion to the weighting specified for 
such Reference Entity in the relevant Issue Terms, to the extent that losses suffered by the affected 
Reference Entities fall within such prescribed tranche. 
Unless redeemed early in full, if a Credit Event and relevant Event Determination Date occurs in respect 
of any one of the Reference Entities in the Index, then each Index Tranched Credit Linked Note will be 
written down and/or redeemed, as applicable, to reflect the incurred loss and/or incurred recovery

--- Page 398 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS (CREDIT LINKED NOTES) 
398 
suffered in respect of the affected Reference Entity (to the extent that any such incurred loss and incurred 
recovery falls within the prescribed tranche) with payment of any incurred recovery (i.e. the Index 
Tranched Redemption Amount) being made on the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date and, where 
applicable, in accordance with the relevant M(M)R Restructuring and Successor provisions.  
Multiple Credit Events, and therefore multiple Event Determination Dates, may occur with respect to 
more than one Reference Entity. Further, multiple Credit Events and related Event Determination Dates 
may occur in respect of a single Reference Entity in accordance with the relevant M(M)R Restructuring 
and Successor provisions. 
(F) 
What are Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes? 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes represent an investment linked to the performance of component 
Reference Entities of a bespoke basket specified in the relevant Issue Terms, although such Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes are only exposed to the incurred losses and redemptions are effected with 
respect to incurred recoveries (if any) in respect of a specified tranche of that basket. Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes are accordingly exposed to the credit risk of each Reference Entity in the relevant 
basket in proportion to the weighting specified for such Reference Entity in the relevant Issue Terms, to 
the extent that losses suffered by the affected Reference Entities fall within such prescribed tranche. 
Unless redeemed early in full, if a Credit Event and relevant Event Determination Date occurs in respect 
of any one of the Reference Entities in the basket, then each Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note will 
be written down and/or redeemed, as applicable, to reflect the incurred loss and/or incurred recovery 
suffered in respect of the affected Reference Entity (to the extent that any such incurred loss and incurred 
recovery falls within the prescribed tranche) with payment of any incurred recovery (i.e. the Portfolio 
Tranched Redemption Amount) being made on the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date and, where 
applicable, in accordance with the relevant M(M)R Restructuring and Successor provisions.  
Multiple Credit Events, and therefore multiple Event Determination Dates, may occur with respect to 
more than one Reference Entity. Further, multiple Credit Events and related Event Determination Dates 
may occur in respect of a single Reference Entity in accordance with the relevant M(M)R Restructuring 
and Successor provisions. 
(G) 
What are Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes?  
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes represent an investment linked to the performance of 
Reference Investor Assets of only one Reference Entity specified in the relevant Issue Terms, where such 
Reference Entity is a sovereign of, or a corporate in, a local access jurisdiction and where such Reference 
Investor Assets are held by a Reference Investor in such local access jurisdiction. Accordingly, in 
addition to exposure to the credit risk of the Reference Entity, an investment in Local Access Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes involves additional risks associated with such local access jurisdictions, 
including potential risks of volatility, governmental intervention and the lack of a developed system of 
law.  
Unless redeemed early in full, if a Risk Event and a relevant Risk Event Determination Date occurs then 
each Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note will be redeemed in full (or where multiple 
successors are identified, in part) by payment of the relevant Credit Event Redemption Amount on the 
relevant Credit Event Redemption Date.  
Multiple Risk Events and related Risk Event Determination Dates may occur in respect of Local Access 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes in accordance with the relevant Successor provisions.

--- Page 399 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS (CREDIT LINKED NOTES) 
399 
(H) 
What are Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes?  
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes represent an investment linked to the performance of 
Reference Investor Assets of two or more Reference Entities specified in the relevant Issue Terms, where 
such Reference Entities are sovereigns of, or corporates in, a local access jurisdiction and where such 
Reference Investor Assets are held by a Reference Investor in such local access jurisdiction. Accordingly, 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes are not only exposed to the credit risk of each Reference Entity 
in the basket in proportion to the weighting specified for such Reference Entity in the relevant Issue 
Terms but also to additional risks associated with local access jurisdictions.  
Unless redeemed early in full, if a Risk Event and a relevant Risk Event Determination Date occurs in 
respect of any one of the Reference Entities in the basket (not affecting the other Reference Entities in 
the basket), then each Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note will be redeemed in full (if “Redemption 
in Full” applies) or in part (if “Redemption in Part” applies) to reflect the loss suffered in respect of such 
Affected Reference Entity. Redemption will be effected in accordance with the relevant Successor 
provisions, where applicable.  
Multiple Risk Events, and therefore multiple Risk Event Determination Dates, may occur with respect 
to more than one Reference Entity. Further, multiple Risk Events and related Risk Event Determination 
Dates may occur in respect of a single Reference Entity in accordance with the relevant Successor 
provisions. 
PAYOUTS UNDER CREDIT LINKED NOTES – KEY TIMINGS AND AMOUNTS 
What are the different timings for payouts that are contemplated under the Credit Linked Conditions? 
The amount of interest, if applicable, and principal which an investor receives will depend on whether 
redemption of the Credit Linked Notes occurs:  
(a) 
in the usual course, at maturity (see further “When will the Credit Linked Notes be redeemed if no Credit 
Event or Risk Event occurs?” below);  
(b) 
in instalments (see further “Where “Redemption by Instalments” applies, when will Credit Linked Notes 
be redeemed if no Credit Event or Risk Event occurs?” below); 
(c) 
pursuant to the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable (see further, “What is “Credit 
Payment following Credit Event” or “Credit Payment following Risk Event”?” below);  
(d) 
at maturity, despite the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable (see further, “What 
is “Credit Payment on Maturity”?” below); or 
(e) 
pursuant to the occurrence of an event (other than a Credit Event or a Risk Event) triggering early 
redemption (see further “When may the Issuer redeem the Credit Linked Notes early?” below).  
(A) 
When will the Credit Linked Notes be redeemed if no Credit Event or Risk Event occurs? 
If no Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, has occurred, 
and provided that the Credit Linked Notes are not otherwise redeemed early, repurchased or 
cancelled, each Credit Linked Note will be redeemed in full on the Scheduled Maturity Date 
(which may in certain circumstances have been extended) (see further “What will Noteholders 
receive if the Credit Linked Notes are not redeemed early?” below).

--- Page 400 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS (CREDIT LINKED NOTES) 
400 
(B) 
Where “Redemption by Instalments” applies, when will Credit Linked Notes be redeemed if no 
Credit Event or Risk Event occurs? 
If “Redemption by Instalments” applies and no Event Determination Date or Risk Event 
Determination Date, as applicable, has occurred, and provided that the Credit Linked Notes are 
not otherwise redeemed early, repurchased or cancelled, each Credit Linked Note will be partially 
redeemed on each Instalment Date and in full on the Scheduled Maturity Date (which may in 
certain circumstances have been extended) (see further “What will Noteholders receive if the 
Credit Linked Notes are not redeemed early?” below). 
(C) 
What is “Credit Payment following Credit Event” or “Credit Payment following Risk Event”? 
“Credit Payment following Credit Event” or “Credit Payment following Risk Event”, as 
applicable, refers to where a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable, occurs with respect to a 
Reference Entity (or the nth Reference Entity, in case of Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked 
Notes) and an Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, occurs 
as a result and redemption follows such Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable (see further 
“What will Noteholders receive if “Credit Payment following Credit Event” or “Credit Payment 
following Risk Event” applies?” below).  
(D) 
What is “Credit Payment on Maturity”? 
“Credit Payment on Maturity” refers to where a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable, 
occurs with respect to a Reference Entity (or the nth Reference Entity, in case of Nth-to-Default 
Basket Credit Linked Notes) and an Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date, 
as applicable, occurs as a result, but redemption (and accordingly, payment of the relevant 
redemption amounts) occurs only at maturity (see further “What will Noteholders receive if 
“Credit Payment on Maturity” applies?” below). 
(E) 
When may the Issuer redeem the Credit Linked Notes early? 
The Issuer may redeem the Credit Linked Notes early in full, other than where a Credit Event or 
a Risk Event, as applicable, has occurred, if (i) certain tax events occur with respect to the Credit 
Linked Notes, (ii) certain events occur which make it unlawful for the Issuer and/or the relevant 
Guarantor to perform certain obligations or comply with material provisions of agreements 
entered into in connection with the Credit Linked Notes, (iii) an Early Redemption Event occurs 
(see further “When will an Early Redemption Event occur?” below), (iv) certain Events of Default 
occur, (v) the Issuer elects to exercise its call option in respect of the Credit Linked Notes (if 
“Issuer Call” is applicable), (vi) in certain cases and if applicable, following an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event or certain other benchmark events, (vii) a Realisation Disruption 
Event occurs, (viii) an Underlying RMB Currency Event occurs, (ix) a Merger Event occurs or 
(x) if the Reference Obligation (in respect of a Reference Entity to which “Reference Obligation 
Only” applies) is redeemed in whole prior to its scheduled maturity date (see further “What will 
Noteholders receive if the Issuer redeems the Credit Linked Notes early (other than due to a 
Credit Event or a Risk Event)?” below). 
When will an Early Redemption Event occur? 
An Early Redemption Event may occur where, among other things, (a) certain adjustments have occurred, (b) 
the Issuer and/or Guarantors become subject to any withholding or reporting obligations pursuant to Section 
871(m) of the Code with respect to the Notes, (c) in respect of certain Notes, the Calculation Agent determines 
in respect of certain Notes that no Successor Index can be determined or no adjustment to the relevant Index 
can reasonably be made, (d) in respect of certain Notes, the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment

--- Page 401 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS (CREDIT LINKED NOTES) 
401 
or substitution can reasonably be made to account for the effect of an Adjustment Event, or (e) the Calculation 
Agent determines that an Obligor Regulatory Event has occurred. The relevant Early Redemption Events need 
to be specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms for such events to be applicable to a Series of Credit 
Linked Notes.  
Can Noteholders elect to redeem their Credit Linked Notes early? 
The Noteholders do not have a right to require the Issuer to redeem their Notes early. 
What are Noteholders expected to receive pursuant to the different payouts contemplated under the 
Credit Linked Conditions? 
The amount of interest, if applicable, and principal which an investor receives will depend on when redemption 
of the Credit Linked Notes occurs. 
(A) 
What will Noteholders receive if the Credit Linked Notes are not redeemed early? 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are not otherwise redeemed early, repurchased or cancelled, the amount 
payable in respect of each Credit Linked Note that is redeemed in full on the Scheduled Maturity Date 
will be an amount equal to par or at a premium (in the case of Credit Linked Notes that are Zero Coupon 
Notes).  
Where “Redemption by Instalments” applies and the Credit Linked Notes are not otherwise redeemed 
early in full, repurchased or cancelled, the amount payable in respect of each Credit Linked Note shall 
be (i) the related Instalment Redemption Amount on each Instalment Date and (ii) the final Instalment 
Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date, the sum of which shall be an amount equal to par 
or at a premium (in the case of Credit Linked Notes that are Zero Coupon Notes). 
(B) 
What will Noteholders receive if “Credit Payment following Credit Event” or “Credit Payment 
following Risk Event” applies? 
If “Credit Payment following Credit Event” or “Credit Payment following Risk Event”, as applicable, 
apply and an Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, occurs, the 
Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed at the Credit Event Redemption Amount (see further, “What is 
the Credit Event Redemption Amount?” below), with no further payment of principal or interest, if 
applicable, on the proportion of the Credit Linked Notes affected by the Credit Event or Risk Event, as 
applicable (see further “What interest payments will Noteholders receive after the occurrence of a Credit 
Event or a Risk Event?” below). The Credit Event Redemption Amount is likely to be less than the par 
value of the Credit Linked Notes and may even be zero. 
(C) 
What will Noteholders receive if “Credit Payment on Maturity” applies? 
If “Credit Payment on Maturity” applies and an Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination 
Date, as applicable, occurs, interest will cease to accrue on, or be payable in respect of, such portion of 
the Credit Linked Notes affected by the Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable. This will not affect 
any interest payable on the remaining portion of the Credit Linked Notes unaffected by such Credit 
Event or Risk Event, as applicable. Further, the Credit Payment on Maturity Amount (which reflects the 
incurred recoveries to be paid at maturity) will accrue interest based on the funding interest rate specified 
in the Issue Terms (see further “What interest payments will Noteholders receive after the occurrence of 
a Credit Event or a Risk Event?” below). The Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed only at maturity in 
an amount equal to the Credit Event Redemption Amount (see further, “What is the Credit Event 
Redemption Amount?” below). The Credit Event Redemption Amount is likely to be less than the par 
value of the Credit Linked Notes and may even be zero.

--- Page 402 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS (CREDIT LINKED NOTES) 
402 
(D) 
What will Noteholders receive if the Issuer redeems the Credit Linked Notes early (other than 
due to a Credit Event or a Risk Event)? 
If the Credit Linked Notes are redeemed early in full (other than where a Credit Event, Risk Event, 
Merger Event or redemption in whole of the Reference Obligation has occurred), the Credit Linked 
Notes will be redeemed on the Early Redemption Date or Optional Redemption Date, as applicable, by 
payment of an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as 
applicable, with no further payment of principal or interest, if applicable, due in respect of such Credit 
Linked Notes. The Early Redemption Amount is an amount determined with respect to the Credit Linked 
Notes in the Settlement Currency which is typically equal to the fair market value of such notes or the 
principal amount of such notes (together with any unpaid interest). The Optional Redemption Amount 
is an amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
Where applicable, in the case of a Merger Event, the Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed on the Early 
Redemption Date by payment of the Merger Redemption Amount. The Merger Redemption Amount 
may be equal to either (x) the Early Redemption Amount or (y) an amount equal to the outstanding 
aggregate nominal amount of the relevant Credit Linked Notes less any unwind costs, and will be 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
In the case of redemption in whole of the Reference Obligation (where “Reference Obligation Only” 
applies), each Credit Linked Note will be redeemed on the Substitution Event Date by payment of the 
Substitution Event Redemption Amount. The Substitution Event Redemption Amount is an amount 
determined with respect to the Credit Linked Notes in the Settlement Currency which is typically equal 
to the fair market value of such notes, less any unwind costs. 
REDEMPTION MECHANICS UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
What is the Applicable Proportion? 
The Applicable Proportion represents such proportion of the aggregate notional amount of a Credit Linked Note 
that is affected by a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable, and is used for determining the amounts payable 
or to be written down and/or redeemed following the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable, 
as well as for calculating the interest payable on such Credit Linked Notes. The calculation of the Applicable 
Proportion depends on the nature of the Credit Linked Notes, the type of Credit Event resulting in redemption 
(including whether the Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring or not) and whether the Successor provisions 
are relevant (see further “Successors” below): 
(A) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes 
The Applicable Proportion of each Single Name Credit Linked Note or Nth-to-Default Basket Credit 
Linked Notes will be equal to the product of the Specified Denomination of such Credit Linked Note 
and: 
(i) 
100 per cent. (where redemption is not as a result of an M(M)R Restructuring or pursuant to 
multiple successors being identified);  
(ii) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Exercise Amount specified in the relevant 
Credit Event Notice relating to the relevant Reference Entity and Credit Event, divided by the 
Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked Notes (where redemption is as a 
result of an M(M)R Restructuring); or  
(iii) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Single Name Partial Nominal Amount or the 
Nth-to-Default Partial Nominal Amount, as applicable, divided by the Original Aggregate

--- Page 403 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS (CREDIT LINKED NOTES) 
403 
Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked Notes (where redemption is not pursuant to an M(M)R 
Restructuring and where partial redemption occurs pursuant to application of the succession 
provisions).  
(B) 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes and Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes 
The Applicable Proportion of each Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes or Index Untranched Credit 
Linked Note will be equal to the product of the Specified Denomination of such Credit Linked Note and: 
(i) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Reference Entity Notional Amount, divided 
by the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the relevant Credit Linked Notes (where 
redemption is not as a result of an M(M)R Restructuring or pursuant to multiple successors being 
identified);  
(ii) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Exercise Amount specified in the relevant 
Credit Event Notice relating to the relevant Reference Entity and Credit Event, divided by the 
Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked Notes (where redemption is as a 
result of an M(M)R Restructuring); or  
(iii) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Linear Basket Partial Nominal Amount or 
Index Untranched Partial Nominal Amount, as applicable, divided by the Original Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked Notes (where redemption is not pursuant to an M(M)R 
Restructuring and where partial redemption occurs pursuant to the succession provisions).  
(C) 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
The Applicable Proportion of each Index Tranched Credit Linked Note or Portfolio Tranched Credit 
Linked Note will be equal to the product of the Specified Denomination of such Credit Linked Note and 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the relevant Principal Writedown Amount, divided by 
the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked Notes.  
(D) 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes  
The Applicable Proportion of each Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note will be equal to the 
product of the Specified Denomination of such Credit Linked Note and: 
(i) 
100 per cent. (where redemption is not pursuant to multiple successors being identified); or 
(ii) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Local Access Single Name Partial Nominal 
Amount, divided by the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked Notes (where 
partial redemption occurs pursuant to application of the succession provisions).  
(E) 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes  
The Applicable Proportion of each Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note will be equal to the product 
of the Specified Denomination of such Credit Linked Note and: 
(i) 
if “Redemption in Full” applies to such Credit Linked Notes, 100 per cent. (where redemption is 
not pursuant to multiple successors being identified); 
(ii) 
if “Redemption in Part” applies to such Credit Linked Notes, an amount (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Reference Entity Notional Amount outstanding in respect of the relevant 
Affected Reference Entity immediately prior to the Relevant Risk Event, divided by the Original 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked Notes (where redemption is not pursuant to 
multiple successors being identified); or

--- Page 404 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS (CREDIT LINKED NOTES) 
404 
(iii) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Local Access Basket Partial Nominal Amount, 
divided by the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked Notes (where partial 
redemption occurs pursuant to application of the succession provisions). 
What are the different methods of redemption? 
The Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed in accordance with the Credit Event Redemption Method elected 
for by the Issuer (and specified in the Issue Terms), provided that the Fallback Redemption Method, also 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, will apply where the elected Credit Event Redemption Method cannot be 
applied. 
(A) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes or Linear Basket 
Credit Linked Notes 
Auction Redemption, Cash Redemption, Physical Redemption or Fixed Recovery Redemption may be 
selected as the Credit Event Redemption Method, with a fallback for either Cash Redemption or Physical 
Redemption. 
(B) 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
Auction Redemption, Cash Redemption or Fixed Recovery Redemption may be selected as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method, with the only fallback being Cash Redemption. Physical Redemption is not 
relevant for these types of Credit Linked Notes. 
(C) 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes 
“LA Cash Redemption”, “LA Physical Redemption” or “LA Fixed Recovery Redemption” may be 
selected as the Risk Event Redemption Method. There is no prescribed fallback for such product. 
Auction Redemption is not relevant for these types of Credit Linked Notes. 
What is the Credit Event Redemption Amount? 
The Credit Event Redemption Amount is the cash amount that is payable to the Noteholders on an early 
redemption of the Credit Linked Notes following the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable, 
and is broadly indicative of the recoveries in respect of such Credit Linked Notes.  
The Credit Event Redemption Amount depends on the applicable Credit Event Redemption Method or Fallback 
Redemption Method, the nature of the Credit Linked Notes and the timing for payment: 
(A) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket 
Credit Linked Notes and Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes 
For such Credit Linked Notes, the Credit Event Redemption Amount will be the Auction Redemption 
Amount (where Auction Redemption is applicable), the Cash Redemption Amount (where Cash 
Redemption or Fixed Recovery Redemption is applicable) or if “Credit Payment on Maturity” is 
applicable, the Final Auction Redemption Amount or the Final Cash Redemption Amount.  
The Credit Event Redemption Amount is determined based on the recovery price of certain deliverables 
determined in the relevant auction on the auction final price determination date or eligible obligations 
(“Valuation Obligations”) of the Reference Entity on a specified date (being the final price 
determination date) following the occurrence of a Credit Event with respect to such Reference Entity. 
With respect to the Credit Linked Notes which are subject to Cash Redemption, the eligible obligations 
shall be one or more obligations, as selected by the Calculation Agent, that are either a Reference 
Obligation and/or would constitute a Deliverable Obligation as at the particular observation time in

--- Page 405 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS (CREDIT LINKED NOTES) 
405 
accordance with elections made in the relevant Issue Terms. The price of such eligible obligations will 
be determined on the basis of bid quotations received by the Calculation Agent from dealers.  
(B) 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
The Credit Event Redemption Amount in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes will be the Index Tranched Redemption Amount or the Portfolio Tranched 
Redemption Amount, as applicable, or if “Credit Payment on Maturity” is applicable, the Index Tranched 
Final Redemption Amount or the Portfolio Tranched Final Redemption Amount, as applicable.  
The Credit Event Redemption Amount is determined based on the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery 
Amount or Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount, as applicable, which in turn, in each case, 
requires the Recovery Amount to be determined. The Recovery Amount is based on the recovery price 
of the Deliverable Obligations which may be determined by an Auction or, where Cash Redemption 
applies, on the basis of bid quotations for Valuation Obligations received by the Calculation Agent from 
dealers.  
(C) 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes 
The Credit Event Redemption Amount in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, will be the LA Cash Redemption Amount 
(where LA Cash Redemption or LA Fixed Recovery Redemption is applicable) or if “Credit Payment 
on Maturity” is applicable, the Final LA Cash Redemption Amount. 
The Credit Event Redemption Amount is determined based on the price of certain specified eligible 
assets of the Reference Entity on a specified date following the occurrence of a Risk Event with respect 
to such Reference Entity. With respect to Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local 
Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, the eligible assets shall be one or more assets that are either assets 
issued by the Reference Entity (and as specified in the Issue Terms) or assets selected by the Calculation 
Agent that would constitute a Deliverable Obligation as at the particular observation time in accordance 
with elections made in the relevant Issue Terms. The price of such eligible assets shall be determined on 
the basis of the highest bid quotation received by the Calculation Agent from third party dealers or if no 
such bid quotation is provided, by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion.  
How is the Credit Event Redemption Amount determined if Auction Redemption applies? 
If Auction Redemption applies, the Auction Redemption Amount or the Recovery Amount (which is necessary 
to determine in order to calculate the Index Tranched Redemption Amount or the Portfolio Tranched 
Redemption Amount), as applicable, will be determined by reference to a price determined by way of a credit 
derivatives auction administered by the auction administrators based on the auction settlement terms published 
by the DC Secretary (an “Auction”). The Auction will involve a bidding process by institutions participating 
in the relevant Auction, pursuant to a bidding procedure set under the relevant auction settlement terms, to 
establish the value of the eligible obligations (the “Deliverable Obligations”) of the relevant Reference Entity. 
Deliverable Obligations mean obligations of the Reference Entity which satisfy certain specified “Deliverable 
Obligation Categories” and “Deliverable Obligation Characteristics” which are on the Final List as published 
by the DC Secretary. The Issuer or one or more of its affiliates may act as a participating bidder in any such 
Auction and may submit bids and offers with respect to the Deliverable Obligations of the Reference Entity.  
(A) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket 
Credit Linked Notes and Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes 
If Auction Redemption applies, the Auction Redemption Amount will be equal to the product of (1) the 
Applicable Proportion of the Credit Linked Notes being redeemed and (2) the price (expressed as a

--- Page 406 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS (CREDIT LINKED NOTES) 
406 
percentage) determined through the Auction for certain obligations of such Reference Entity, minus each 
Credit Linked Note’s pro rata share of any unwind costs.  
(B) 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
The Index Tranched Redemption Amount or the Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount, as applicable, 
is an amount representing each Credit Linked Note’s pro rata share of an amount equal to (1) the Index 
Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount or Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount (being the 
recovery in respect of such Credit Linked Notes which falls within the specified tranche), minus (2) any 
unwind costs. Accordingly, in order to determine the Index Tranched Redemption Amount or the 
Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount, as applicable, the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount 
or Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount, as applicable, needs to be calculated, which in turn, 
in each case, requires the Recovery Amount to be determined. If Auction Redemption applies, the 
Recovery Amount will be equal to the product of (1) the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the 
Affected Reference Entity (and, in case of an M(M)R Restructuring, the Exercise Amount) and (2) the 
recovery price (expressed as a percentage) determined through the Auction for certain obligations of 
such Reference Entity.  
The auction price is likely to be lower than the par value of the Deliverable Obligations of the Reference Entity 
and will be reflective of a loss experienced by the holder of such Deliverable Obligations. Moreover, the price 
is likely to reflect the lowest prevailing market value of any Deliverable Obligation. The lower the auction 
price, the greater the amount retained by the Issuer to make whole the loss suffered by it (as buyer of credit 
protection) and thus the smaller the Credit Event Redemption Amount paid to Noteholders on an early 
redemption of the Credit Linked Notes. 
How is the Credit Event Redemption Amount determined if Cash Redemption or LA Cash Redemption 
applies? 
(A) 
Cash Redemption  
If Cash Redemption applies, the Cash Redemption Amount or the Recovery Amount (which is necessary 
to determine in order to calculate the Index Tranched Redemption Amount or the Portfolio Tranched 
Redemption Amount), as applicable, will be determined on the basis of the bid quotations sought by the 
Calculation Agent from third party dealers for the eligible obligations of the relevant Reference Entity 
selected by the Calculation Agent and satisfying certain specified obligation categories and obligation 
characteristics (such obligations being the Valuation Obligations). However, if no quotations are 
obtained, the Calculation Agent will determine the final price acting in a commercially reasonable 
manner which may even be zero.  
(I) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket 
Credit Linked Notes and Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes 
If Cash Redemption applies, the Cash Redemption Amount will be equal to the product of (1) the 
Applicable Proportion of the Credit Linked Notes being redeemed and (2) the price (expressed 
as a percentage) determined on the basis of such bid quotations sought by the Calculation Agent 
from third party dealers for the Deliverable Obligations, minus each Credit Linked Note’s pro 
rata share of any unwind costs. 
(II) 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
The Index Tranched Redemption Amount or the Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount, as 
applicable, is an amount representing each Note’s pro rata share of an amount equal to (1) the 
Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount or Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount

--- Page 407 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS (CREDIT LINKED NOTES) 
407 
(being the recovery in respect of such Notes), minus (2) any unwind costs. Accordingly, in order 
to determine the Index Tranched Redemption Amount or the Portfolio Tranched Redemption 
Amount, as applicable, the Recovery Amount needs to be calculated. If Cash Redemption applies, 
the Recovery Amount will be equal to the product of (1) the Reference Entity Notional Amount 
of the affected Reference Entity (and, in the case of an M(M)R Restructuring, the Exercise 
Amount) and (2) the price (expressed as a percentage) determined on the basis of such bid 
quotations sought by the Calculation Agent from third party dealers for the Deliverable 
Obligations.  
(B) 
LA Cash Redemption 
LA Cash Redemption applies only to Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access 
Basket Credit Linked Notes. If LA Cash Redemption applies, the LA Cash Redemption Amount will be 
determined on the basis of the highest bid quotation sought by the Calculation Agent from third party 
dealers for certain specified eligible assets of the relevant Reference Entity which may be assets issued 
by the Reference Entity (and as specified in the Issue Terms) or assets selected by the Calculation Agent 
that would constitute a Deliverable Obligation (being the LA Settlement Assets). However, if no 
quotations are obtained, the Calculation Agent will determine the LA Recovery Amount acting in its sole 
discretion.  
If LA Cash Redemption applies, the LA Cash Redemption Amount will be equal to the product of (1) 
the Applicable Proportion of the Credit Linked Notes being redeemed and (2) an amount equal to the 
LA Recovery Amount (plus, where “FX Forward Rate” applies, the Reference Assets FX Forward 
Termination Value, which may be a positive or a negative amount), minus each Credit Linked Note’s 
pro rata share of any unwind costs. 
In any case, while determining the Final Price or the LA Recovery Amount, as applicable, the Issuer will 
be entitled to select the cheapest Valuation Obligations or LA Settlement Assets, as applicable, for 
valuation. The lower the Final Price or the LA Recovery Amount, as applicable, the greater the amount 
retained by the Issuer to make whole the loss suffered by it (as buyer of credit protection) and thus the 
smaller the Credit Event Redemption Amount paid to Noteholders on an early redemption of the Credit 
Linked Notes. 
What will the Noteholder receive if “Physical Redemption” or “LA Physical Redemption” of the Credit 
Linked Notes applies? 
(A) 
Physical Redemption 
If “Physical Redemption” applies, the Issuer will physically deliver assets to the Noteholders that 
represent each Credit Linked Note’s pro rata share of obligations of the Reference Entity which falls 
within a specified category (i.e. the Deliverable Obligation Category) and have the specified 
characteristics (i.e. the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics) which will be set out in the Issue Terms 
and which have an Outstanding Principal Balance or a Due and Payable Amount equal to the outstanding 
principal amount of the Credit Linked Notes following the occurrence of the Credit Event, minus any 
unwind costs, any delivery expenses that may be incurred by the Issuer in the physical settlement and 
any interest suspension shortfall amount.  
The Issuer may be required to make a payment in cash to the Noteholders where, for example, the assets 
to be physically delivered are not a whole integral multiple of the smallest unit of transfer or physical 
delivery is illegal or impossible or the necessary consents for transfer of the relevant Deliverable 
Obligation haven’t been obtained.

--- Page 408 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS (CREDIT LINKED NOTES) 
408 
If an Asset Package Credit Event has occurred, in certain circumstances the Physical Redemption Assets 
may include Assets comprising the Asset Package. The Issuer may elect to pay a cash amount to the 
Noteholders in lieu of delivering any or all of the Asset Package. 
(B) 
LA Physical Redemption 
“LA Physical Redemption” applies only to Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local 
Access Basket Credit Linked Notes. If “LA Physical Redemption” applies, the Issuer will physically 
deliver such assets to the Noteholders (being the LA Settlement Assets) that represent each Credit Linked 
Note’s pro rata share of an amount equal to (1) the assets or obligations of the Reference Entity or assets 
selected by the Calculation Agent which constitute Deliverable Obligations and (2) which have an 
Outstanding Principal Balance or a Due and Payable Amount equal to the outstanding principal amount 
of the Credit Linked Notes following the occurrence of the Risk Event, less (3) any unwind costs, any 
delivery expenses that may be incurred by the Issuer in the physical settlement and any interest 
suspension shortfall amount. 
The Issuer may be required to make a payment in cash to the Noteholders where, for example, physical 
delivery is illegal or impossible due to circumstances outside the control of the Issuer or within the 
control of the Noteholders. 
What will a Noteholder recover if fixed recovery is applicable? 
If “Fixed Recovery Redemption” or “LA Fixed Recovery Redemption” is specified as applicable, then 
following the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Risk Event, as applicable, and relevant Event Determination 
Date, the amount payable on redemption on the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date shall be calculated as 
set out in “How is the Credit Event Redemption Amount determined if Cash Redemption or LA Cash Redemption 
applies?” above, provided that instead of the Final Price, the “Fixed Recovery Percentage” set out in the 
relevant Issue Terms shall apply. The Fixed Recovery Percentage may be specified as zero, in which case 
Noteholders will lose all of their investment upon the occurrence of a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable. 
What is an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event? 
This applies to a Restructuring Credit Event relating to some Transaction Types aimed at reducing the risk 
occurring with respect to receiving the “cheapest to deliver” assets by imposing complex restrictions on 
deliverables where a buyer of protection (i.e. the Issuer) triggers the event. The deliverables must additionally 
have a final maturity date (determined at the time of delivery and effective delivery of Notice of Physical 
Settlement) or determination which falls within the limitation date of a maturity bucket.  
If there is no auction for a bucket, in order to auction settle, the Issuer may elect to exercise a “Movement 
Option” to settle at a bucket with more restrictive deliverables rather than redeem through the fallback 
redemption methods. 
How much will Noteholders receive if the Credit Linked Notes are partially redeemed following an 
M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event? 
If a Restructuring Credit Event occurs with respect to the Credit Linked Notes, and it constitutes an M(M)R 
Restructuring, the Issuer may elect to trigger a partial redemption of the Credit Linked Notes in respect of such 
Restructuring Credit Event. This Credit Event requires a Credit Event Notice to be delivered in order to be 
triggered (i.e. this can only be triggered bilaterally). 
If the Issuer decides to partially redeem the Credit Linked Notes, each Credit Linked Note will be redeemed in 
part by an amount that is less than the entire credit protection purchased and sold under the Credit Linked Notes 
in relation to the Reference Entity with respect to which the Restructuring Credit Event occurred (such partial 
amount, the “Exercise Amount”). The Credit Event Redemption Amount payable to Noteholders will reflect

--- Page 409 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS (CREDIT LINKED NOTES) 
409 
such partial exercise for the purposes of redemption of the Credit Linked Notes. Subsequent determinations of 
interest and principal under the Credit Linked Notes will be determined only in respect of the outstanding 
nominal amount of the Credit Linked Note following such reduction. 
How much will Noteholders receive if the Credit Linked Notes are partially redeemed following a 
determination of multiple successors? 
If the Credit Linked Notes are partially redeemed following a determination of multiple successors, the 
Calculation Agent shall apportion any calculation amounts equally between the number of Successors and the 
Credit Event Redemption Amount or the amount of Physical Redemption Assets or LA Settlement Assets, as 
applicable, to be delivered for any Credit Events or Risk Events, as applicable, which occur shall be calculated 
on the basis of such apportioned amounts. For details on successors, see “Successors” below. 
Can Credit Linked Notes be redeemed after the Scheduled Maturity Date? 
If no Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, occurs then the Credit Linked 
Notes are scheduled to redeem on the Scheduled Maturity Date.  
However, if the Calculation Agent determines that on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, (i) one or more 
Reference Entities (a) may be subject to a Credit Event or to a Risk Event, (b) if “Grace Period Extension” is 
applicable, is or may be subject to a Potential Failure to Pay, or (c) if “Potential Repudiation/Moratorium” is 
applicable, is or may be subject to a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium (d) a Credit Event Notice or Risk Event 
Notice may be delivered after the Scheduled Maturity Date within an effective delivery period which may result 
in a Relevant Event Determination Date or a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date occurring (e) a Credit 
Event Resolution Request Date may occur after the Scheduled Maturity Date but during the Notice Delivery 
Period which may result in a Relevant Event Determination Date occurring; (f) the final Credit Event 
Redemption Date or the Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date, as applicable, will only occur after the 
Scheduled Maturity Date (including any final Partial Cash Redemption Date or final Fallback Cash Redemption 
Date); (g) a Payment Failure Cut-Off Date may occur after the Scheduled Maturity Date where a 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event has occurred; or (h) a RMB Currency Settlement Cut-Off Date may occur after 
the Scheduled Maturity Date, then each Credit Linked Note then outstanding shall not be redeemed on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date but shall be redeemed on the Extended Maturity Date. 
When will the Credit Linked Notes be redeemed if the Scheduled Maturity Date is extended? 
If no Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, occurs on 
or prior to the Notes Extension Date, the Credit Linked Notes will redeem on the latest to occur of (a) the fifth 
Business Day following the Notes Extension Date; (b) the final Credit Event Redemption Date in relation to 
any unsettled Relevant Credit Events or Relevant Risk Event, as applicable or if later, any Final Physical 
Redemption Cut-Off Date (including any final Partial Cash Redemption Date or final Fallback Cash 
Redemption Date); (c) the fifth Business Day following the Payment Failure Cut-Off Date (if applicable); or 
(d) the fifth Business Day following the RMB Currency Settlement Cut-Off Date, if applicable. 
In respect of Credit Linked Notes (other than Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access 
Basket Credit Linked Notes), where a Relevant Event Determination Date actually occurs on or prior to the 
Notes Extension Date, the Credit Linked Notes shall be redeemed on the later to occur of (a) the final Credit 
Event Redemption Date in relation to any unsettled Relevant Credit Events, as applicable or if later, any Final 
Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date (including any final Partial Cash Redemption Date or final Fallback Cash 
Redemption Date) and (b) the fifth Business Day following the Payment Failure Cut-Off Date (if applicable). 
In respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, as 
applicable, where a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date actually occurs on or prior to the LA Cut-Off Date, 
the Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed on the latest to occur of (a) the final LA Cash Redemption Date or

--- Page 410 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS (CREDIT LINKED NOTES) 
410 
the final LA Physical Redemption Date, as applicable; (b) the fifth Business Day following the Payment Failure 
Cut-Off Date (if applicable); and (c) the fifth Business Day following the RMB Currency Settlement Cut-Off 
Date, if applicable. 
INTEREST SPECIFIC PROVISIONS 
What interest payments will Noteholders receive after the occurrence of a Credit Event or a Risk Event? 
If an Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, occurs, the date on which 
interest ceases to accrue on the Applicable Proportion of the relevant Credit Linked Notes (for further 
information see “What is the Applicable Proportion?” above) shall depend on whether “No Interest Accrual on 
Default” or “Interest Accrual on Default” applies. 
(A) 
No Interest Accrual on Default 
Interest shall cease from and including the Interest Payment Date preceding the Event Determination 
Date or Risk Event Determination Date, in respect of the first Interest Period, from (and including) the 
Issue Date. 
(B) 
Interest Accrual on Default 
Interest shall cease from and including the first Business Day immediately following the Event 
Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date.  
However, (i) in respect of each Credit Linked Note (other than a Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Note or a Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note), interest will accrue on the Applicable 
Proportion from (and including) the Interest Payment Date preceding such Event Determination Date, 
or (if no such Interest Payment Date exists), the Issue Date to (and including) such Event Determination 
Date; and (ii) in respect of each Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note or Local Access Basket 
Credit Linked Note, as applicable, the LA Interest Amount shall be payable if, and only if, an Interest 
Payment Date occurred during the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date preceding such 
Risk Event Determination Date, or (if no such Interest Payment Date exists), the Issue Date to (and 
including) such Risk Event Determination Date. 
Any accrued but unpaid interest shall be paid (i) within 10 Business Days following the relevant Credit Event 
Redemption Date (if “Credit Payment following Credit Event” or “Credit Payment following Risk Event” 
applies) or in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes only 
and where there is no incurred recovery, within 10 Business Days following the relevant Auction Final Price 
Determination Date or Final Price Determination Date, as applicable, (ii) on such date as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (if “Credit Payment on Maturity” applies), (iii) if the Credit Linked Notes are early 
redeeming in full, on the Early Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, 
as applicable or (iv) within 10 Business Days following the first Delivery Date (if “Physical Redemption” 
applies), as applicable. In respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket 
Credit Linked Notes, such payment of suspended interest shall be made if, and only if, an LA Interest Payment 
Date has occurred prior to a prescribed date. 
The Credit Payment on Maturity Amount will accrue interest additionally at the funding interest rate where 
“Credit Payment following Credit Event” applies. 
If a Credit Event and Event Determination Date have not occurred, will I receive payments of interest 
on each Interest Payment Date? 
If an Applicable DC Credit Event Question has been made on or prior to an Interest Payment Date and no 
corresponding DC Resolution has been published or a Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event

--- Page 411 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS (CREDIT LINKED NOTES) 
411 
Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event and related Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, 
could occur but no Credit Event Notice or Risk Event Notice, as applicable, has been provided, then any interest 
payable under the Credit Linked Notes will be suspended to the maximum possible amount (assuming an Event 
Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date would occur, as though full exercise of an M(M)R 
Restructuring had occurred and where relevant, that Fixed Recovery Redemption with Fixed Recovery 
Percentage at 0 per cent. has occurred) or, in the case of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, the LA Interest Amount relating to the relevant LA Interest Payment 
Date will be suspended. 
If payments of interest are suspended, when will the Issuer’s obligations to make such payments 
resume? 
Suspension of interest amount will continue until certain public announcements by the DC Secretary are made 
or until the Calculation Agent determines that a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, 
has not occurred and will not occur or if an LA Cut-Off Date in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, has occurred. Such public 
announcements may be one of an Applicable DC No Credit Event Announcement, an Applicable DC Credit 
Event Question Dismissal or an announcement by the DC Secretary that the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee will not be convening to Resolve the relevant Applicable DC Credit Event Question.  
In such case, the Noteholders will be paid the suspended interest amount 10 Business Days following the date 
of such announcement or determination by the Calculation Agent or the LA Cut-Off Date, as applicable. 
Will Noteholders receive an additional amount of interest once the Issuer’s obligation to make interest 
payments resumes? 
No additional amount of interest will be payable to the Noteholders by the Issuer in connection with the delay 
or postponement in payment of an interest amount. However, if the Calculation Agent determines that the 
amount of interest suspended pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 2(c) (Suspension of Interest following an 
Applicable DC Credit Event Question, a potential Credit Event or a potential Risk Event) was greater or lesser 
than the amount of interest that should have been suspended, the Issuer will be required to calculate the 
adjustment interest amount due to or from the Noteholders and such adjustment amount will be paid to, or held 
back from future interest payments owed to, the Noteholders and where there has been a shortfall as at the 
relevant maturity or early redemption date, such interest shortfall proceeds shall be deducted from the final 
redemption amounts or the amount of Physical Redemption Assets to be delivered, as applicable. 
ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS 
What are the Financial Reference Entity Terms? 
If “Financial Reference Entity Terms” applies, then: 
(i) 
where the Reference Obligation is a senior obligation and if a Credit Event relating to Governmental 
Intervention or Restructuring would only affect the subordinated obligations of the relevant obligor, a 
Credit Event will not be triggered in respect of such Reference Entity;  
(ii) 
where the Reference Obligation is a subordinated obligation and if a Credit Event relating to 
Governmental Intervention or Restructuring would only affect the further subordinated obligations of 
the relevant obligor, a Credit Event will not be triggered in respect of such Reference Entity; 
(iii) 
with respect to successions, if the Credit Linked Notes relates to a Senior Obligation, the debt transfer 
shall be assessed only in relation to Bond or Loans which include the Senior Obligations of the Reference 
Entity and where the Credit Linked Notes are Subordinated Obligations, the debt transfer shall exclude

--- Page 412 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS (CREDIT LINKED NOTES) 
412 
Senior Obligations and any Further Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within 
the Obligation Category “Bond or Loan”, provided that if no such Bond or Loan exists, the debt transfer 
shall be assessed only in relation to Bond or Loans which include the Senior Obligations of the Reference 
Entity; 
(iv) 
provided that if “Governmental Intervention” applies, if an obligation would otherwise satisfy a 
particular Obligation Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, the existence of any terms 
in the relevant obligation in effect at the time of making the determination which permit the Reference 
Entity’s obligations to be altered, discharged, released or suspended in circumstances which would 
constitute a Governmental Intervention, shall not cause such obligation to fail to satisfy such Obligation 
Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation Characteristic; 
(v) 
a qualifying guarantee which contains terms permitting or anticipating a Governmental Intervention will 
not be treated as containing provisions where the principal payment obligations of the Reference Entity 
can be discharged, released, reduced, assigned or otherwise altered as a result of the occurrence or non-
occurrence of such event; or  
(vi) 
an Asset Package Credit Event may occur where (a) a Governmental Intervention occurs or (b) a 
Restructuring (if applicable) occurs, provided that such Restructuring does not constitute a 
Governmental Intervention. If an Asset Package Credit Event occurs, Asset Package Delivery is 
applicable and any Prior Deliverable Obligation shall be a Deliverable Obligation.  
What is Asset Package Credit Event and Asset Package Delivery? 
If (a) “Financial Reference Entity Terms” applies and a Restructuring Credit Event (which does not constitute 
a Governmental Intervention) of the Reference Obligation or a Governmental Intervention Credit Event occurs, 
or (b) a Restructuring Credit Event occurs with respect to a Sovereign, such a Credit Event will constitute an 
“Asset Package Credit Event”.  
If such Asset Package Credit Event occurs prior to the relevant Credit Event Backstop Date, then in those 
circumstances, (unless, in respect of a Sovereign Reference Entity, Asset Package Delivery has been specified 
not to apply in the relevant Issue Terms), the obligations or assets used to determine the Auction Final Price or 
recovery of the Valuation Obligations, as the case may be (i.e. the “Asset Package”), will be the “Asset 
Package” comprising those assets received or retained by a Relevant Holder by reference to: 
(i) 
in respect of (a) above and a Governmental Intervention Credit Event, an obligation of the Reference 
Entity which existed immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event which would have constituted 
a Deliverable Obligation, or in the case of (a) above and a Restructuring Credit Event, the Reference 
Obligation (i.e. a “Prior Deliverable Obligation”); or 
(ii) 
in respect of (b) above, a benchmark obligation of the relevant Sovereign identified as such by ISDA 
and published on its website or any successor website or by a third party designated by ISDA on its 
website from time to time and which immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event would have 
constituted a Deliverable Obligation (i.e. a “Package Observable Bond”). 
Delivery of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond may be satisfied by Delivery of the 
related Asset Package, and such Asset Package shall be treated as having the same currency, Outstanding 
Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, as the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond to which it corresponds had immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event, and if the 
Asset Package is zero, the Outstanding Amount of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable 
Bond shall be deemed to have been Delivered in full three Business Days following the date on which the Issuer 
has notified the Fiscal Agent of the detailed description of the Asset Package that it intends to Deliver in 
accordance with the definition of “Notice of Physical Settlement”.

--- Page 413 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS (CREDIT LINKED NOTES) 
413 
The Issuer may satisfy its obligation to make Delivery of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond in part by Delivery of each Asset in the Asset Package in the correct proportion. If the relevant 
Asset is a Non-Transferable Instrument or a Non-Financial Instrument, the Asset shall be deemed to be an 
amount of cash equal to the Asset Market Value by reference to an appropriate specialist valuation or in 
accordance with the methodology determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee.  
What are Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred Reference Obligations (published on 
December 8, 2017)?  
Where the Issue Terms specify “Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred Reference Obligations 
(published on December 8, 2017)” as applicable, the Reference Obligation is any obligation of the Reference 
Entity which is Subordinated only to any unsubordinated Borrowed Money Obligations of the Reference Entity 
but not further or otherwise, or which would be so Subordinated if any unsubordinated Borrowed Money 
Obligations of the Reference Entity existed (“Senior Non-Preferred Obligation”), and which ranks above 
“Traditional Subordinated Obligations” or which would so rank if Traditional Subordinated Obligations existed. 
In such circumstances, the Senior Non-Preferred Obligation shall constitute a Subordinated Obligation and such 
Traditional Subordinated Obligation (as defined in the Credit Linked Conditions) shall constitute a Further 
Subordinated Obligation.  
What is the 2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 
2014) and a CoCo Provision? 
Where the Issue Terms specify the “2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
(September 15, 2014)” to be applicable, if with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate 
amount of not less than a pre-determined amount, the operation of one or more CoCo Provisions results in (a) 
a permanent or temporary reduction of the amount of principal payable at redemption or (b) a conversion of 
principal into shares or another instrument, such event shall be deemed to constitute a Governmental 
Intervention.  
A Coco Provision requires (i) a permanent or temporary reduction of the amount of principal payable at 
redemption or (ii) a conversion of principal into shares or another instrument, in each case, if the capital ratio 
is at or below a trigger percentage which is specified to be 5.25 per cent., if no other trigger percentage is 
specified. 
What is the Monoline Supplement? 
Where the Issue Terms specify that the “Monoline Supplement” is applicable, Obligations and Deliverable 
Obligations will include certain qualifying financial guarantee insurance policy or similar financial guarantees 
pursuant to which a Reference Entity irrevocably guarantees or insures certain borrowed money instruments of 
another party. 
What is the impact of the LPN Additional Provisions applicable to LPN Reference Entities? 
Where the Issue Terms specify that “LPN Additional Provisions” are applicable, among other things, the scope 
of Reference Obligation is expanded to cover LPNs which, as of the Trade Date, are issued for the sole purpose 
of providing funds for the issuer(s) of such LPN to finance a loan or provide alternative finance to the relevant 
LPN Reference Entity. Accordingly, a Credit Event may occur in respect of obligations that are not direct 
obligations of the relevant LPN Reference Entity. 
What is the impact of additional provisions applicable to the Republic of Ecuador, the Argentine 
Republic, the Hellenic Republic, the Republic of Ukraine or certain Venezuelan entities? 
Where the Issue Terms specify that “2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of Ecuador: Excluded 
Obligations and Excluded Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020)”, “2020 Additional Provisions for the

--- Page 414 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS (CREDIT LINKED NOTES) 
414 
Argentine Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020)”, 
“Additional Provisions for the Hellenic Republic (May 29, 2012)”, “Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016)” or “Additional 
Provisions for Certain Venezuelan Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded Deliverable Obligations 
(September [19], 2017)” are applicable, certain Bond or Loan obligations or Restricted Debt (as the case may 
be) are treated as Excluded Deliverable Obligations, which:  
(i) 
in respect of an Ecuador Reference Entity means any obligation that is a “Bond” that was issued on or 
prior to 20 April 2020; 
(ii) 
in respect of an Argentine Reference Entity means any obligation that is a “Bond” that was issued on or 
prior to 31 August 2020; 
(iii) 
in respect of a Hellenic Reference Entity means any obligation that is a “Bond or a Loan” that was issued 
or incurred, as the case may be, on or prior to 1 February 2012; 
(iv) 
in respect of a Ukraine Reference Entity means any obligation that is a “Bond” that was issued on or 
prior to 1 November 2015; or 
(v) 
in respect of a Venezuelan Covered Reference Entity, for so long as sanctions imposed by any and all 
Venezuelan Orders continue to subsist with respect to such Venezuelan Covered Reference Entity (as 
determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee), means any obligation that is 
Restricted Debt. 
What is the impact of additional provisions applicable to the Republic of Hungary? 
Where the Issue Terms specify that “Hungary Additional Provisions” are applicable, Obligations and 
Deliverable Obligations will include certain obligations of the National Bank of Hungary (either directly or as 
provider of a Relevant Guarantee) and any Successor.  
What is the impact of additional provisions applicable to the Russian Federation? 
Where the Issue Terms specify that “Additional Provisions for the Russian Federation (August 13, 2004)” are 
applicable, Obligations and Deliverable Obligations will exclude any obligations that are determined by the 
Calculation Agent to be IANs, MinFins or PRINs.  
What is the impact of the “2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions (December 2, 2020)” 
applicable to Limited Recourse Obligations? 
Where the Issue Terms specify that “2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions (December 2, 2020)” are 
applicable, while determining the Outstanding Principal Balance or the Due and Payable Amount of an 
obligation, the amounts determined will be required to take into account (and will therefore be reduced by) the 
application of any Limited Recourse Provisions. 
REFERENCE OBLIGATIONS 
What is a Standard Reference Obligation ? 
A Standard Reference Obligation is the obligation specified as the market standard reference obligation for the 
relevant Reference Entity for the relevant seniority level, as published on the relevant SRO list. 
If “Standard Reference Obligation” applies where there is no Standard Reference Obligation and a Non-
Standard Reference Obligation is specified in the Issue Terms, the Reference Obligation will be (a) the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation to but excluding the first date of publication of the Standard Reference 
Obligation and (b) the Standard Reference Obligation with the relevant Seniority Level with be the Reference 
Obligation from such date onwards, provided that the Standard Reference Obligation that is published would

--- Page 415 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS (CREDIT LINKED NOTES) 
415 
have been eligible to be selected as a Substitute Reference Obligation. The SRO list for selected standard 
reference obligations selected by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee can be obtained at 
https://ihsmarkit.com or any successor webpage. Standard Reference Obligation could also be disapplied in the 
Issue Terms.  
Can a redeemed Reference Obligation be stipulated as a Reference Obligation? 
Yes. For the purpose of assessing the “Not Subordinated” Obligation Characteristic or “Not Subordinated” 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic. 
SUCCESSORS 
Is it possible to change a Reference Entity? 
The Reference Entity may not be changed unless a “Successor” determination has been made with respect to 
the Reference Entity on or after the “Successor Backstop Date” (or, in the case of a “Universal Successor”, on 
or after 1 January 2014). 
A “Universal Successor” means, with respect to any Reference Entity (not being a sovereign entity), the single 
entity which assumes all of the obligations (including at least one relevant bond or loan) of the Reference Entity 
and at the time of the determination either (a) the Reference Entity has ceased to exist, or (b) the Reference 
Entity is in the process of being dissolved (however described) and the Reference Entity has not issued or 
incurred any borrowed money obligation at any time since the legally effective date of the assumption. 
What is a “Successor” to the Reference Entity and how can succession affect the Credit Linked Notes? 
If the DC Secretary publicly announces that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has resolved that 
a different entity or entities has or have become successor(s) to the original Reference Entity to which the Credit 
Linked Notes are linked, then such entity/ies may be identified as a “Successor” to the original Reference Entity. 
The Calculation Agent (being the Issuer or an Affiliate) may also, following a succession event, identify an 
entity or entities as a successor(s) to the original Reference Entity or in the case of Index Untranched Credit 
Linked Notes and Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the Index Sponsor may also following a succession, 
identify an entity or entities as a successor(s) to the original Reference Entity. 
A single entity, or one entity or one or more entities may either directly or as provider of a qualifying guarantee 
succeed to the Reference Entity based on whether the percentage of debt transferred satisfies certain specified 
thresholds but where a universal successor applies, the entity need only assume all of the obligations and at 
least one bond or loan or guarantee obligation in connection with either where at the time of determination 
certain conditions exist. If there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall consider all related successions in 
respect of such Steps Plan in aggregate as if forming part of a single succession. 
An entity shall succeed to another entity if an entity other than the Reference Entity (a) assumes or becomes 
liable for the relevant obligations whether by operation of law or pursuant to any agreement (including, with 
respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, any protocol, treaty, convention, accord, concord, entente, pact 
or other agreement), or (b) issues Bonds or incurs Loans (the “Exchange Bonds or Loans”) that are exchanged 
for Relevant Obligations, and in either case the Reference Entity is not thereafter a direct obligor or a provider 
of a qualifying guarantee with respect to such Relevant Obligations or such Exchange Bonds or Loans, as 
applicable. 
The identity of the original Reference Entity will be treated as having been amended accordingly for the 
purposes of the Credit Linked Notes so that, following the determination or announcement of a “Successor”, 
the Credit Linked Notes will be linked to the credit risk of the Successor. The credit risk associated with a

--- Page 416 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS (CREDIT LINKED NOTES) 
416 
Successor or Successors may be different from and could be greater than the credit risk associated with the 
original Reference Entity. 
The events which may lead to the determination or announcement of a Successor may occur at any time from 
and including the “Successor Backstop Date” (or, in the case of a “Universal Successor”, on or after 1 January 
2014), which is a rolling date that is: 
(i) 
if a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee receives a request to resolve whether or not there is 
one or more Successors to the Reference Entity, 90 calendar days prior to the date of such request; or 
(ii) 
otherwise, 90 calendar days prior to the date on which an effective notice of the occurrence of a 
succession is delivered by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent. 
Can a succession occur prior to the Issue Date? 
Yes. A succession may occur prior to the Issue Date of the Credit Linked Notes and may even occur prior to the 
Trade Date specified in the applicable Issue Terms. The Successor Backstop Date may fall prior to the Trade 
Date and accordingly a succession may occur prior to the Trade Date. 
Noteholders should conduct their own review of any recent developments with respect to the Reference Entity 
by consulting publicly available information. If a request has been delivered to convene a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee prior to the Trade Date to determine whether a succession has occurred with respect 
to 
the 
Reference 
Entity, 
details 
of 
such 
request 
may 
be 
found on 
the 
ISDA 
website 
https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/. 
Can a sovereign be subject to a succession ? 
Yes, where an annexation, unification, secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or other 
similar event occurs and the debt is transferred as described in “What is a “Successor” to the Reference Entity 
and how can succession affect the Credit Linked Notes?” above. 
Does the Calculation Agent have unfettered discretion to determine a Successor? 
No. Although the Calculation Agent has the right to make a determination as to whether or not a succession 
event has occurred, its right is limited by the Credit Linked Conditions as follows: the Calculation Agent (a) 
cannot make such a determination if a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has already determined 
that such an event does not constitute a succession event; (b) is required to act on the basis of Eligible 
Information and (c) is required to act in a commercially reasonable manner. In the case of the Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Notes and Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the Index Sponsor may make a successor 
determination if the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has not identified a Successor. 
Can multiple successors be identified with respect to a Reference Entity? 
Yes, including the case where the original entity affected by the succession is also identified as a Successor. In 
such case where there are multiple successors, the Calculation Agent shall apportion any calculation amounts 
equally between the number of Successors and the Credit Event Redemption Amount for any Credit Events or 
Risk Events, as applicable, which occur shall be calculated on the basis of such apportioned amounts.  
Where multiple successors are identified, multiple Credit Events or Risk Events, as applicable, and multiple 
Event Determination Dates or Risk Event Determination Dates, as applicable, may occur with respect to each 
Reference Entity save in the case of Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes and the nth Reference Entity 
(where a Relevant Credit Event and Relevant Event Determination Date may occur only in relation to the nth 
Reference Entity).

--- Page 417 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS (CREDIT LINKED NOTES) 
417 
What sort of indices may be referenced by Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes? 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes may reference an index that is 
either an iTraxx® index or a CDX® index. 
The iTraxx indices cover the most liquid names in the European, Asian, Middle Eastern and African markets 
and the selection methodology ensures that the indices represent the most liquid parts of the market. For 
instance, the benchmark iTraxx® Europe Main index comprises European names with sub-indices such as 
Markit iTraxx® Europe Senior Financials and Markit iTraxx® Subordinated Financials index. The iTraxx® 
Crossover index comprises most liquid sub-investment grade entities. The Asia-Pacific iTraxx® indices cover 
the investment-grade iTraxx® Asia ex-Japan index, the iTraxx® Australia index and the iTraxx® Japan index. 
In addition, the iTraxx® CEEMEA index covers corporate and quasi-sovereign entities from Central & Eastern 
European, Middle Eastern and African countries. 
CDX indices are a family of credit indices covering North America and emerging markets having a selection 
methodology representing the markets most liquid segments. They covers sub-indices including CDX® North 
American Investment Grade, CDX® North American Investment Grade High Volatility, CDX® North 
American High Yield, CDX® North American High Yield High Beta, CDX® Emerging Markets, CDX® 
Emerging Markets Diversified. Markit also publishes a CDS index of U.S. state and municipal Reference 
Entities commonly referred to as the MCDX® index. 
More information relating to the various credit indices and standard documentation published by the Index 
Sponsor can be obtained from: https://ihsmarkit.com/products.html 
Important information in respect of Markit Indices 
Noteholders should note that important information about Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes and Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes referencing a Markit-published index (the “Index CDS”) may be found on 
Markit’s website at www.markit.com. The information on Markit’s website includes the standard terms 
supplement for the applicable Index CDS, the most recent and archived annexes of Reference Entities for the 
applicable index and the rules of the applicable index. Markit publishes many of the most widely traded credit 
default swap indices. With respect to Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes based on an Index CDS, the Issue Terms will specify the relevant terms for that Index CDS published by 
Markit, the list of the relevant Index CDS (with the relevant annex date) to be incorporated as published by 
Markit and the effective date of that Index CDS.  
Markit CDX™ Markit iTraxx is a service mark of the Index Sponsor and has been licensed for use in connection 
with specified transactions. The Index referenced in any Credit Linked Notes is the property of the Index 
Sponsor and has been licensed for use in connection with specific transactions. The Credit Linked Notes are 
not sponsored, endorsed or promoted by the Index Sponsor or any participants under the Index Sponsor’s rules 
governing the Index CDS (the “Index Sponsor”, together with such participants, the “Index Parties”). The 
Index Parties make no representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, and hereby expressly disclaim 
all warranties (including, without limitation, those of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use), 
with respect to the Index or any data included therein or relating thereto, and in particular disclaim any warranty 
either as to the quality, accuracy and/or completeness of the Index or any data included therein, the results 
obtained from the use of the Index CDS, the composition of the Index CDS at any particular time on any 
particular date or otherwise, and/or the creditworthiness of, or likelihood of the occurrence of a Credit Event 
with respect to, any entity in the Index CDS at any particular time on any particular date or otherwise.  
Investors should note that the Index Parties, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or one or more of their affiliates 
shall not be liable (whether in negligence or otherwise) for any error in the Index CDS, and the Index Parties,

--- Page 418 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS (CREDIT LINKED NOTES) 
418 
the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or one or more of their affiliates shall are under no obligation to advise the 
parties or any person of any error therein. The Index Parties, the Issuer, Calculation Agent or one or more of 
their affiliates shall make no representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, as to the purchase of any 
Credit Linked Notes, or of assuming any risks in connection therewith. The Index Parties have no obligation to 
take the needs of any Investor into consideration in determining, composing or calculating the Index CDS. The 
Index Parties, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or one or more of their affiliates shall have no liability to any 
party for any act or failure to act by the Index Parties in connection with the determination, adjustment, 
calculation or maintenance of the Index CDS. Although the Calculation Agent or Issuer will obtain information 
concerning the Index from sources it believes reliable, it will not independently verify this information. 
Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking (express or implied) is made, and no responsibility is 
accepted by the Issuer, Calculation Agent or one or more of their affiliates, as to the accuracy, completeness or 
timeliness of information concerning the Index CDS. 
DISCRETIONARY POWERS OF THE ISSUER AND THE CALCULATION AGENT 
What are some of the key determinations that the Calculation Agent is responsible for making in 
relation to Credit Linked Notes? 
Noteholders should note that the Calculation Agent is responsible for making certain determinations with 
respect to the Credit Linked Notes. 
The Calculation Agent is responsible for, amongst other things: 
(a) 
in the absence of a resolution by a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee as to whether a Credit 
Event has occurred in relation to the relevant Reference Entity, electing whether to deliver a Credit Event 
Notice and supporting information in order to trigger settlement of the Credit Linked Notes following 
the occurrence of a Credit Event;  
(b) 
where the Credit Event Redemption Amount is not determined by an Auction, determining the Final 
Price on the basis of bid quotations from third party dealers; 
(c) 
determining successor Reference Entities for the purposes of the Credit Linked Notes; 
(d) 
determining substitute Reference Obligation(s) for the purposes of the Credit Linked Notes; 
(e) 
following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring, determining the Exercise Amount of Credit 
Linked Notes to which such M(M)R Restructuring applies;  
(f) 
following the occurrence of an Event Determination Date, where an Event Determination Date occurred 
on a date that is different from the date first determined or that no Event Determination Date occurred 
or occurred prior to a preceding Interest Payment Date, determining, acting in its sole and absolute 
discretion, any additional amount payable to the Noteholder(s) or any reduction in any subsequent 
amount that would otherwise subsequently be payable to the Noteholders and the date on which such 
adjustment payment is payable; and 
(g) 
determining whether a Merger Event or Substitution Event Date has occurred. 
Noteholders should note that any determination and/or calculation made by the Calculation Agent shall, in the 
absence of manifest error, be final, conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the Noteholders.

--- Page 419 ---
WORKED EXAMPLES IN RESPECT OF CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
419 
ANNEX: WORKED EXAMPLES IN RESPECT OF CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
The worked examples below are in respect of Credit Linked Notes (other than Local Access Credit Linked Notes) 
and are included for illustrative purposes only and should not be relied upon. They are not an indication of the 
likely performance of, or amounts payable in respect of, the Credit Linked Notes. The inclusion or absence of 
any assumption or any other feature in any worked example in this Annex is not an indication that such 
assumption or feature will or will not exist in any Credit Linked Note. Prospective investors should conduct 
their own independent review and obtain such professional advice as they deem appropriate prior to any 
investment in the Credit Linked Notes. 
Unless otherwise expressly indicated, all amounts in this Annex are denominated in EUR. 
(i) 
SINGLE NAME CREDIT LINKED NOTES AND NTH-TO-DEFAULT BASKET CREDIT 
LINKED NOTES  
Scenario 1: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 40,000,000 in a Single Name Credit Linked Note; 
(b) 
the Specified Denomination of the Note is 40,000,000; 
(c) 
the Credit Linked Note has not been previously redeemed in full or purchased and 
cancelled; 
(d) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of R1; 
(e) 
a Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event occurs in respect of R1; and 
(f) 
“Auction Redemption” is the applicable method of redemption, with an assumed Auction 
Final Price of 65%. 
 
Based on these assumptions, the Applicable Proportion (Specified Denomination (40,000,000) x 100%) 
would be 40,000,000. 
If “Credit Payment following Credit Event” applies:  
(a) 
Assume that Unwind Costs of 1,000 are determined. The Auction Redemption Amount 
[(Applicable Proportion (40,000,000) x Auction Final Price (65%)) – the Note’s pro rata share 
of Unwind Costs (1,000)] would be 25,999,000. 
(b) 
25,999,000 is paid on the Auction Redemption Date. Although the investor receives less than par, 
as the Applicable Proportion is written down reducing the original investment to zero, nothing 
remains outstanding.  
(c) 
As no further Credit Events can occur, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (Original 
investment (40,000,000) – sum of Applicable Proportion(s) (40,000,000)) = 0 on the Scheduled 
Maturity Date, i.e. the notional is completely wiped out. Nothing remains to be paid to the 
investor. 
If “Credit Payment on Maturity” applies: 
(a) 
There is no redemption at the time of the Credit Event, i.e. the Note redeems at maturity only. In 
this case, assume that the Issuer does not incur any Unwind Costs and, therefore, the Unwind 
Costs in such case are zero.

--- Page 420 ---
WORKED EXAMPLES IN RESPECT OF CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
420 
(b) 
On the Final Auction Redemption Date, the Final Auction Redemption Amount (original 
investment (40,000,000) – sum of Applicable Proportion(s) (40,000,000) + sum of all Auction 
Redemption Amounts (in this case, there is only a single Auction Redemption Amount 
(26,000,000))) is paid. 26,000,000 will be the Final Auction Redemption Amount. 
Scenario 2: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 40,000,000 in a Single Name Credit Linked Note; 
(b) 
the Specified Denomination of the Note is 40,000,000; 
(c) 
the Credit Linked Note has not been previously redeemed in full or purchased and 
cancelled; 
(d) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of R1; 
(e) 
an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event occurs in respect of R1 with a partial exercise of 
5,000,000; and 
(f) 
“Auction Redemption” is the applicable method of redemption, with an assumed Auction 
Final Price of 65%. 
 
Based on these assumptions, the Applicable Proportion (Specified Denomination (40,000,000) x 
Exercise Amount (5,000,000/Original investment (40,000,000))) would be 5,000,000. 
If “Credit Payment following Credit Event” applies:  
(a) 
Assume that Unwind Costs of 200 are determined. The Auction Redemption Amount 
[(Applicable Proportion (5,000,000) x Auction Final Price (65%)) – the Note’s pro rata share of 
Unwind Costs (200)] would be 3,249,800.  
(b) 
3,249,800 is paid on the Auction Redemption Date. This would be a partial redemption.  
(c) 
If no other Credit Events occur, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (original investment 
(40,000,000) – sum of Applicable Proportion(s) (5,000,000)) = 35,000,000 is paid on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date. 
If “Credit Payment on Maturity” applies: 
(a) 
There is no redemption at the time of the Credit Event, i.e. the Note redeems at maturity only. In 
this case, assume that the Issuer does not incur any Unwind Costs and, therefore, the Unwind 
Costs in such case are zero.  
(b) 
On the Final Auction Redemption Date, the Final Auction Redemption Amount (original 
investment (40,000,000) – sum of Applicable Proportion(s) (5,000,000) + sum of all Auction

--- Page 421 ---
WORKED EXAMPLES IN RESPECT OF CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
421 
Redemption Amounts (in this case, there is only a single Auction Redemption Amount 
(3,250,000))) is paid. 38,250,000 will be the Final Auction Redemption Amount. 
Scenario 3: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 40,000,000 in a Single Name Credit Linked Note; 
(b) 
the Specified Denomination of the Note is 40,000,000; 
(c) 
Scenario 2 (i.e. partial redemption of 5,000,000 following an M(M)R Restructuring) has 
occurred; 
(d) 
the Credit Linked Note has not been previously purchased or cancelled (but has been 
partially redeemed pursuant to (c) above); 
(e) 
a succession event has occurred in respect of R1 resulting in multiple successors (i.e. R1A 
and R1B); 
(f) 
a second Credit Event (this time, a Failure to Pay) occurs in respect of R1A; and 
(g) 
“Auction Redemption” is the applicable method of redemption, with an assumed Auction 
Final Price of 90%. 
 
Based on these assumptions: 
(a) 
following a Successor determination, the Calculation Agent would have adjusted the aggregate 
nominal amount of the Note equally between the Successors, giving each a partial nominal 
amount of 17,500,000 (original investment of 40,000,000 is reduced to 35,000,000 following the 
earlier M(M)R Restructuring in respect of R1, leaving a balance aggregate nominal amount of 
35,000,000. This is divided into 2 for each successor); and 
(b) 
the Applicable Proportion in respect of the Failure to Pay Credit Event (Specified Denomination 
(40,000,000) x Single Name Partial Nominal Amount (17,500,000) / Original investment 
(40,000,000)) would be 17,500,000. 
If “Credit Payment following Credit Event” applies:  
(a) 
Assume that Unwind Costs of 500 are determined. The Auction Redemption Amount in respect 
of the Failure to Pay Credit Event [(Applicable Proportion (17,500,000) x Auction Final Price 
(90%)) – the Note’s pro rata share of Unwind Costs (500)] would be 15,749,500. 
(b) 
15,749,500 is paid on the Auction Redemption Date. This would be a partial redemption.  
(c) 
If no other Credit Events occur, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (original investment 
(40,000,000) – sum of Applicable Proportions (5,000,000 (for M(M)R Restructuring) + 
17,500,000 (for Failure to Pay))) = 17,500,000 (Unexercised portion in respect of Reference 
Entity R1B) is paid on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
If “Credit Payment on Maturity” applies: 
(a) 
There is no redemption at the time of the Credit Event, i.e. the Note redeems at maturity only. In 
this case, assume that the Issuer does not incur any Unwind Costs and, therefore, the Unwind 
Costs in such case are zero.

--- Page 422 ---
WORKED EXAMPLES IN RESPECT OF CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
422 
(b) 
On the Final Auction Redemption Date, the Final Auction Redemption Amount (original 
investment (40,000,000) – sum of Applicable Proportions (5,000,000 (for (M(M)R Restructuring) 
+ 17,500,000 (for Failure to Pay)) + sum of all Auction Redemption Amounts (3,250,000 (M(M)R 
Restructuring) + 15,750,000 (Failure to Pay))) is paid. 36,500,000 will be Final Auction 
Redemption Amount. 
Scenario 4: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests in an EUR-denominated Single Name Credit Linked Note;  
(b) 
the Specified Denomination of the Note is EUR 10,000,000; 
(c) 
the Credit Linked Notes pay interest and principal to the investor in EUR; 
(d) 
due to the Issuer’s funding arrangements, it receives amounts from its funding source only 
in USD; 
(e) 
since the Note is denominated in EUR but the Issuer receives funding in USD only, the Issuer 
enters into a cross-currency swap with a swap counterparty in order to hedge its exposure 
to fluctuations in the EURUSD exchange rate (the “Cross Currency Swap”); 
(f) 
during the life of the Cross Currency Swap, the Issuer (i) pays amounts it receives from its 
funding source (in USD) to the swap counterparty, and (ii) in return, receives payments (in 
EUR) from the swap counterparty in order to pay interest and principal to the investor in 
EUR; 
(g) 
the Issuer also enters into a credit default swap (with a notional amount of EUR 10,000,000) 
to hedge its exposure under the Credit Linked Notes; 
(h) 
the Credit Linked Notes have not been previously redeemed in full or purchased and 
cancelled; 
(i) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of R1; 
(j) 
a Bankruptcy Credit Event occurs in respect of R1; 
(k) 
“Auction Redemption” is the applicable method of redemption, with an assumed Auction 
Final Price of 65%; 
(l) 
the EURUSD exchange rate as at the Issue Date is 1.179 (“Initial Exchange Rate”); and 
(m) 
if the Cross Currency Swap is unwound before its scheduled termination, a mark-to-market 
unwind amount is payable by the party that is out-of-the-money under the Cross Currency 
Swap to the other party. 
 
Based on these assumptions, the Applicable Proportion would be EUR 10,000,000. 
If “Credit Payment following Credit Event” applies:  
(a) 
The Cross Currency Swap is terminated early. Assume that, on the Credit Event Redemption 
Date, the Cross Currency Swap is out-of-the-money from the Issuer’s perspective by an amount 
of EUR 2,593,458. This amount is payable by the Issuer to its swap counterparty under the Cross 
Currency Swap and, therefore, reflects the Unwind Costs to terminate the Cross Currency Swap.

--- Page 423 ---
WORKED EXAMPLES IN RESPECT OF CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
423 
(b) 
The Auction Redemption Amount in respect of the Bankruptcy Credit Event [(Applicable 
Proportion (EUR 10,000,000) x Auction Final Price (65%)) – the Note’s pro rata share of Unwind 
Costs (EUR 2,593,458)] would be EUR 3,906,542. 
(c) 
EUR 3,906,542 is paid on the Auction Redemption Date. Although the investor receives less than 
par, as the Applicable Proportion is written down reducing the original investment to zero, 
nothing remains outstanding.  
(d) 
As no further Credit Events can occur, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (Original 
investment (EUR 10,000,000) – sum of Applicable Proportion(s) (EUR 10,000,000)) = 0 on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date, i.e. the notional is reduced to zero. Nothing remains to be paid to the 
investor. 
If “Credit Payment on Maturity” applies: 
(a) 
There is no redemption at the time of the Credit Event, i.e. the Note redeems at maturity only. In 
this case, the Cross Currency Swap is not terminated on the occurrence of the Credit Event but 
continues to run to maturity. Accordingly, the Issuer does not incur any Unwind Costs in respect 
of the Cross Currency Swap and, therefore, the Unwind Costs in such case are zero. 
(b) 
On the Final Auction Redemption Date, the Final Auction Redemption Amount (original 
investment (EUR 10,000,000) – sum of Applicable Proportion(s) (EUR 10,000,000) + sum of all 
Auction Redemption Amounts (in this case, there is only a single Auction Redemption Amount 
(EUR 6,500,000) calculated as (Applicable Proportion (EUR 10,000,000) x Auction Final Price 
(65%) – Unwind Costs (zero)))) is paid. EUR 6,500,000 will be the Final Auction Redemption 
Amount. 
Scenario 5: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 40,000,000 in an Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note, with the 
basket comprising three Reference Entities, R1, R2 and R3 (where ‘n’ = 3); 
(b) 
the Specified Denomination of the Note is 40,000,000; 
(c) 
the Credit Linked Note has not been previously redeemed in full or purchased and 
cancelled; 
(d) 
an M(M)R Restructuring has occurred in respect of R2;  
(e) 
a second Credit Event (this time, a Failure to Pay) occurs in respect of R3; 
(f) 
a third Credit Event (this time, a Bankruptcy) occurs in respect of R1; and 
(g) 
“Auction Redemption” is the applicable method of redemption, with an assumed Auction 
Final Price of 65%. 
 
Based on these assumptions:  
(a) 
the first Credit Event in respect of R2 will be disregarded (since it isn’t the nth Reference Entity 
in respect of which a Credit Event has occurred); 
(b) 
the second Credit Event in respect of R3 will be disregarded (since it isn’t the nth Reference Entity 
in respect of which a Credit Event has occurred);

--- Page 424 ---
WORKED EXAMPLES IN RESPECT OF CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
424 
(c) 
the third Credit Event in respect of R1 will trigger a Credit Event (since it is the third (i.e. the 
“nth”) Reference Entity in respect of which a Credit Event has occurred); and 
(d) 
the Applicable Proportion (Specified Denomination (40,000,000) x 100%) would be 40,000,000. 
If “Credit Payment following Credit Event” applies:  
(a) 
Assume that Unwind Costs of 1000 are determined. The Auction Redemption Amount 
[(Applicable Proportion (40,000,000) x Auction Final Price (65%)) – the Note’s pro rata share 
of Unwind Costs (1000)] would be 25,999,000. 
(b) 
25,999,000 is paid on the Auction Redemption Date.  
(c) 
As no further Credit Events can occur, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (original 
investment (40,000,000) – sum of Applicable Proportion(s) (40,000,000)) = 0 on the Scheduled 
Maturity Date, i.e. the notional is completely wiped out. Nothing remains to be paid to the 
investor. 
If “Credit Payment on Maturity” applies: 
(a) 
There is no redemption at the time of the Credit Event, i.e. the Note redeems at maturity only. In 
this case, assume that the Issuer does not incur any Unwind Costs and, therefore, the Unwind 
Costs in such case are zero. 
(b) 
On the Final Auction Redemption Date, the Final Auction Redemption Amount (original 
investment (40,000,000) – sum of Applicable Proportion(s) (40,000,000) + sum of all Auction 
Redemption Amounts (in this case, there is only a single Auction Redemption Amount 
(26,000,000))) is paid. 26,000,000 will be the Final Auction Redemption Amount.  
(ii) 
LINEAR BASKET CREDIT LINKED NOTES AND INDEX UNTRANCHED CREDIT LINKED 
NOTES 
Scenario 1: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 40,000,000 in a Linear Basket Credit Linked Note, with the basket 
comprising four equally weighted Reference Entities, R1, R2, R3 and R4; 
(b) 
the Specified Denomination of the Note is 40,000,000; 
(c) 
the Credit Linked Note has not been previously redeemed in full or purchased and 
cancelled; 
(d) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of any Reference Entity; 
(e) 
a Bankruptcy Credit Event occurs in respect of R1; and 
(f) 
“Auction Redemption” is the applicable method of redemption, with an assumed Auction 
Final Price of 65%. 
 
Based on these assumptions:  
(a) 
since the four Reference Entities are equally weighted (i.e. 25% each), the Reference Entity 
Notional Amount = 10,000,000 per Reference Entity; and 
(b) 
the Applicable Proportion (Specified Denomination (40,000,000) x Reference Entity Notional 
Amount (10,000,000/original investment (40,000,000))) would be 10,000,000.

--- Page 425 ---
WORKED EXAMPLES IN RESPECT OF CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
425 
If “Credit Payment following Credit Event” applies:  
(a) 
Assume that Unwind Costs of 750 are determined. The Auction Redemption Amount 
[(Applicable Proportion (10,000,000) x Auction Final Price (65%)) – the Note’s pro rata share 
of Unwind Costs (750)] would be 6,499,250. 
(b) 
6,499,250 is paid on the Auction Redemption Date. This would be a partial redemption.  
(c) 
If no other Credit Events occur, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (original investment 
(40,000,000) – sum of Applicable Proportion(s) (10,000,000)) = 30,000,000 is paid on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date. 
If “Credit Payment on Maturity” applies: 
(a) 
There is no redemption at the time of the Credit Event, i.e. the Note redeems at maturity only. In 
this case, assume that the Issuer does not incur any Unwind Costs and, therefore, the Unwind 
Costs in such case are zero. 
(b) 
On the Final Auction Redemption Date, the Final Auction Redemption Amount (original 
investment (40,000,000) – sum of Applicable Proportion(s) (10,000,000) + sum of all Auction 
Redemption Amounts (in this case, there is only a single Auction Redemption Amount 
(6,500,000))) is paid. 36,500,000 will be the Final Auction Redemption Amount. 
Scenario 2: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 40,000,000 in a Linear Basket Credit Linked Note, with the basket 
comprising four equally weighted Reference Entities, R1, R2, R3 and R4; 
(b) 
the Specified Denomination of the Note is 40,000,000; 
(c) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of any Reference Entity; 
(d) 
Scenario 1 (i.e. partial redemption of 10,000,000 following a Bankruptcy Credit Event) has 
occurred in respect of R1; 
(e) 
the Credit Linked Note has not been previously purchased or cancelled (but has been 
partially redeemed pursuant to (d) above); 
(f) 
a second Credit Event (this time, an M(M)R Restructuring) occurs in respect of R2 with a 
partial exercise of 5,000,000; and 
(g) 
“Auction Redemption” is the applicable method of redemption, with an assumed Auction 
Final Price of 65%. 
 
Based on these assumptions, the Applicable Proportion in respect of the M(M)R Restructuring Credit 
Event (Specified Denomination (40,000,000) x Exercise Amount (5,000,000/original investment 
(40,000,000)) would be 5,000,000.  
If “Credit Payment following Credit Event” applies:  
(a) 
Assume that Unwind Costs of 400 are determined. The Auction Redemption Amount in respect 
of the M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event [(Applicable Proportion (5,000,000) x Auction Final 
Price (65%)) – the Note’s pro rata share of Unwind Costs (400)] would be 3,249,600. 
(b) 
3,249,600 is paid on the Auction Redemption Date. This would be a partial redemption.

--- Page 426 ---
WORKED EXAMPLES IN RESPECT OF CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
426 
(c) 
If no other Credit Events occur, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (original investment 
(40,000,000) – sum of Applicable Proportions (10,000,000 (for Bankruptcy) + 5,000,000 (for 
M(M)R Restructuring))) = 25,000,000 is paid on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
If “Credit Payment on Maturity” applies: 
(a) 
There is no redemption at the time of the Credit Event, i.e. the Note redeems at maturity only. In 
this case, assume that the Issuer does not incur any Unwind Costs and, therefore, the Unwind 
Costs in such case are zero.  
(b) 
On the Final Auction Redemption Date, the Final Auction Redemption Amount (original 
investment (40,000,000) – sum of Applicable Proportions (10,000,000 (for Bankruptcy) + 
5,000,000 (for M(M)R Restructuring)) + sum of all Auction Redemption Amounts (6,500,000 
(for Bankruptcy) + 3,250,000 (for M(M)R Restructuring))) is paid. 34,750,000 will be the Final 
Auction Redemption Amount. 
Scenario 3: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 40,000,000 in a Linear Basket Credit Linked Note, with the basket 
comprising four equally weighted Reference Entities, R1, R2, R3 and R4; 
(b) 
the Specified Denomination of the Note is 40,000,000; 
(c) 
Scenario 1 (i.e. partial redemption of 10,000,000 following a Bankruptcy Credit Event) has 
occurred in respect of R1; 
(d) 
Scenario 2 (i.e. partial redemption of 5,000,000 following an M(M)R Restructuring Credit 
Event) has occurred in respect of R2; 
(e) 
the Credit Linked Note has not been previously purchased or cancelled (but has been 
partially redeemed pursuant to (c) and (d) above); 
(f) 
a succession event has occurred in respect of R2 resulting in multiple successors (i.e. R2A 
and R2B); 
(g) 
a third Credit Event (this time, a Failure to Pay) occurs in respect of R2A; and 
(h) 
“Auction Redemption” is the applicable method of redemption, with an assumed Auction 
Final Price of 90%. 
 
Based on these assumptions:  
(a) 
following a Successor determination, the Calculation Agent would have adjusted the outstanding 
Reference Entity Notional Amount equally between the Successors, giving each a partial nominal 
amount of 2,500,000 (original Reference Entity Notional Amount of 10,000,000 is reduced to 
5,000,000 following the earlier M(M)R Restructuring in respect of R2, leaving a balance 
aggregate nominal amount of 5,000,000. This is divided into 2 for each successor); and 
(b) 
the Applicable Proportion in respect of the Failure to Pay Credit Event (Specified Denomination 
(40,000,000) x Partial Nominal Amount (2,500,000/original investment (40,000,000))) would be 
2,500,000.

--- Page 427 ---
WORKED EXAMPLES IN RESPECT OF CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
427 
If “Credit Payment following Credit Event” applies:  
(a) 
Assume that Unwind Costs of 100 are determined. The Auction Redemption Amount in respect 
of the Failure to Pay Credit Event [(Applicable Proportion (2,500,000) x Auction Final Price 
(90%)) – the Note’s pro rata share of Unwind Costs (100)] would be 2,249,900. 
(b) 
2,249,900 is paid on the Auction Redemption Date. This would be a partial redemption.  
(c) 
If no other Credit Events occur, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (original investment 
(40,000,000) – sum of Applicable Proportions (10,000,000 (for Bankruptcy) + 5,000,000 (for 
M(M)R Restructuring) + 2,500,000 (Failure to Pay)) = 22,500,000 (being the total Reference 
Entity Notional Amounts of unaffected Reference Entities R3 and R4 and the unexercised portion 
of R2) is paid on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
If “Credit Payment on Maturity” applies: 
(a) 
There is no redemption at the time of the Credit Event, i.e. the Note redeems at maturity only. In 
this case, assume that the Issuer does not incur any Unwind Costs and, therefore, the Unwind 
Costs in such case are zero. 
(b) 
On the Final Auction Redemption Date, the Final Auction Redemption Amount (original 
investment (40,000,000) – sum of Applicable Proportions (10,000,000 (for Bankruptcy) + 
5,000,000 (for M(M)R Restructuring) + 2,500,000 (Failure to Pay)) + sum of all Auction 
Redemption Amounts (6,500,000 (for Bankruptcy) + 3,250,000 (for M(M)R Restructuring) + 
2,250,000 (Failure to Pay)) is paid. 34,500,000 will be the Final Auction Redemption Amount.  
(iii) 
INDEX TRANCHED CREDIT LINKED NOTES AND PORTFOLIO TRANCHED CREDIT 
LINKED NOTES  
Scenario 1: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 10,000,000 in an Index Tranched Credit Linked Note, with the Index 
comprising 100 equally weighted Reference Entities and the Tranche being 0-5%; 
(b) 
the Specified Denomination of the Note is 10,000,000; 
(c) 
the Credit Linked Note has not been previously redeemed in full or purchased and 
cancelled; 
(d) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of any Reference Entity; 
(e) 
a Credit Event (regardless of whether M(M)R Restructuring or not) occurs in respect of 
Rx; and 
(f) 
“Auction Redemption” is the applicable method of redemption, with an assumed Auction 
Final Price of 65%. 
 
Based on these assumptions:  
(a) 
the Implicit Portfolio Size (i.e. original investment (10,000,000)/ Tranche Size (5%)) = 
200,000,000; 
(b) 
since the 100 Reference Entities are equally weighted (i.e. 1% each), the Reference Entity 
Notional Amount (i.e. Implicit Portfolio Size (200,000,000)/ Reference Entity Weighting (1%)) 
= 2,000,000 per Reference Entity;

--- Page 428 ---
WORKED EXAMPLES IN RESPECT OF CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
428 
(c) 
the Loss Threshold Amount (i.e. Implicit Portfolio Size (200,000,000) x Attachment Point (0%)) 
= 0; 
(d) 
the Recovery Threshold Amount (i.e. Implicit Portfolio Size (200,000,000) x (100% - Exhaustion 
Point (5%)) = 190,000,000; 
(e) 
the Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount is calculated as the lowest of (x) the Loss Amount; (y) 
the Aggregate Loss Amount minus the Loss Threshold Amount (subject to a minimum of zero); 
and (z) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (before applying any current default 
reduction). In this case: 
– 
the Loss Amount (i.e. Reference Entity Notional Amount for Rx (2,000,000) x (100% 
- Auction Final Price (65%)) = 700,000. 
– 
as the first Credit Event, the Aggregate Loss Amount would be 700,000 and after 
deducting the Loss Threshold Amount of 0, the calculation for (y) would be 700,000.  
– 
given the original investment of 10,000,000, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount (disregarding any reduction in respect of the current Credit Event) would be 
10,000,000. 
Based on the above, the lowest of (x), (y) and (z) would be 700,000. Therefore, the Index 
Tranched Incurred Loss Amount would be 700,000. 
(f) 
the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount is calculated as the lowest of (x) the Recovery 
Amount; (y) the Aggregate Recovery Amount minus the Recovery Threshold Amount (subject to 
a minimum of zero); and (z) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (before applying any 
current default reduction). In this case: 
– 
the Recovery Amount (i.e. Reference Entity Notional Amount for Rx (2,000,000) x 
Auction Final Price (65%)) = 1,300,000. 
– 
as the first Credit Event, the Aggregate Recovery Amount would be 1,300,000. If we 
deducted the Recovery Threshold Amount of 190,000,000, this would be floored at 
zero given it is a negative number and the calculation for (y) would be 0. 
– 
given the original investment of 10,000,000, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount (disregarding any reduction in respect of the current Credit Event) would be 
10,000,000. 
Based on the above, the lowest of (x), (y) and (z) would be 0. Therefore, the Index Tranched 
Incurred Recovery Amount would be 0. 
(g) 
the Principal Writedown Amount (i.e. the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount (0) + the 
Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount (700,000)) = 700,000. 
If “Credit Payment following Credit Event” applies:  
(a) 
The Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount is reduced by 700,000 (i.e. the Principal Writedown 
Amount) with effect from 1 Business Day following the Event Determination Date. This would 
be a partial writedown. 
(b) 
Assume that Unwind Costs of 100 are determined. The Index Tranched Redemption Amount [i.e. 
max (0, the Note’s pro rata share of (i) the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount (0) – (ii) 
Unwind Costs (100))] = 0 and accordingly, no redemption amounts are payable to the investor.

--- Page 429 ---
WORKED EXAMPLES IN RESPECT OF CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
429 
(c) 
If no other Credit Events occur, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (original investment 
(10,000,000) – sum of Principal Writedown Amounts (700,000)) = 9,300,000 is paid on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date.  
If “Credit Payment on Maturity” applies: 
(a) 
There is a writedown at the time of each Credit Event, but the Note redeems at maturity only. In 
this case, assume that the Issuer does not incur any Unwind Costs and, therefore, the Unwind 
Costs in such case are zero. 
(b) 
On the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount (original 
investment (10,000,000) – sum of Principal Writedown Amounts (700,000) + sum of all Index 
Tranched Redemption Amounts (in this case, 0)) is paid. 9,300,000 will be the Index Tranched 
Final Redemption Amount. 
Scenario 2: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 10,000,000 in an Index Tranched Credit Linked Note, with the Index 
comprising 100 equally weighted Reference Entities and the Tranche being 0-5%; 
(b) 
the Specified Denomination of the Note is 10,000,000; 
(c) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of any Reference Entity; 
(d) 
Scenario 1 (i.e. partial writedown of 700,000 following the Credit Event) has occurred; 
(e) 
the Credit Linked Note has not been previously purchased or cancelled (but has been 
partially written down pursuant to (d) above); 
(f) 
five Credit Events occur (with each having the same Event Determination Date) in respect 
of Rx; and 
(g) 
“Auction Redemption” is the applicable method of redemption, with an assumed Auction 
Final Price of 0%. 
 
Based on these assumptions:  
(a) 
the Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount is calculated as the lowest of (x) the Loss Amount; (y) 
the Aggregate Loss Amount minus the Loss Threshold Amount (subject to a minimum of zero); 
and (z) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (before applying any current default 
reduction). In this case: 
– 
the Loss Amount (i.e. Reference Entity Notional Amount for 5 Reference Entities 
(2,000,000 x 5) x (100% - Auction Final Price (0%)) = 10,000,000. 
– 
the Aggregate Loss Amount (including the loss of 700,000 in respect of the first Credit 
Event) and after deducting the Loss Threshold Amount of 0 would be 10,700,000.  
– 
Given the original investment of 10,000,000, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount (including the previous writedown of 700,000) would be 9,300,000. 
Based on the above, the lowest of (x), (y) and (z) would be 9,300,000. Therefore, the Index 
Tranched Incurred Loss Amount would be 9,300,000.

--- Page 430 ---
WORKED EXAMPLES IN RESPECT OF CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
430 
(b) 
the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount is calculated as the lowest of (x) the Recovery 
Amount; (y) the Aggregate Recovery Amount minus the Recovery Threshold Amount (subject to 
a minimum of zero); and (z) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (before applying any 
current default reduction). In this case: 
– 
the Recovery Amount (i.e. Reference Entity Notional Amount for 5 Reference Entities 
(2,000,000 x 5) x Auction Final Price (0%)) = 0. 
– 
the Aggregate Recovery Amount (including the recovery of 1,300,000 in respect of the 
first Credit Event) would be 0. If we deducted the Recovery Threshold Amount of 
190,000,000, this would be floored at zero given it is a negative number and the 
calculation for (y) would be 0. 
– 
Given the original investment of 10,000,000, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount (including the previous writedown of 700,000) would be 9,300,000. 
Based on the above, the lowest of (x), (y) and (z) would be 0. Therefore, the Index Tranched 
Incurred Recovery Amount would be 0. 
(c) 
the Principal Writedown Amount (i.e. the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount (0) + the 
Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount (9,300,000) = 9,300,000. 
If “Credit Payment following Credit Event” applies:  
(a) 
The Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount is further reduced by 9,300,000 (i.e. the Principal 
Writedown Amount) with effect from 1 Business Day following the Event Determination Date. 
This would be a further partial writedown. 
(b) 
Assume that Unwind Costs of 500 are determined. The Index Tranched Redemption Amount [i.e. 
max (0, the Note’s pro rata share of (i) the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount (0) – (ii) 
Unwind Costs (500))] = 0 and accordingly, no redemption amounts are payable to the investor.  
(c) 
If no other Credit Events occur, the Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount (original 
investment (10,000,000) – sum of Principal Writedown Amounts (700,000 + 9,300,000) + sum 
of all Index Tranched Redemption Amounts (in this case, 0)) = 0 on the Scheduled Maturity Date, 
i.e. the notional is completely wiped out. Nothing remains to be paid to the investor. 
If “Credit Payment on Maturity” applies: 
(a) 
There is a writedown at the time of each Credit Event, but the Note redeems at maturity only. In 
this case, assume that the Issuer does not incur any Unwind Costs and, therefore, the Unwind 
Costs in such case are zero. 
(b) 
On the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount (original 
investment (10,000,000) – sum of Principal Writedown Amounts (700,000 + 9,300,000) + sum 
of all Index Tranched Redemption Amounts (in this case, 0)) = 0, i.e. the notional is completely 
wiped out. Nothing remains to be paid to the investor.

--- Page 431 ---
WORKED EXAMPLES IN RESPECT OF CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
431 
Scenario 3: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 10,000,000 in a Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note, with the 
portfolio comprising 100 equally weighted Reference Entities and the Tranche being 80-
100%; 
(b) 
the Specified Denomination of the Note is 10,000,000; 
(c) 
the Credit Linked Note has not been previously redeemed in full or purchased and 
cancelled; 
(d) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of any Reference Entity; 
(e) 
a Credit Event (regardless of whether M(M)R Restructuring or not) occurs in respect of 
Rx; and 
(f) 
“Auction Redemption” is the applicable method of redemption, with an assumed Auction 
Final Price of 65%. 
 
Based on these assumptions:  
(a) 
the Implicit Portfolio Size (i.e. original investment (10,000,000)/ Tranche Size (20%)) = 
50,000,000; 
(b) 
since the 100 Reference Entities are equally weighted (i.e. 1% each), the Reference Entity 
Notional Amount (i.e. Implicit Portfolio Size (50,000,000) x Reference Entity Weighting (1%)) 
= 500,000 per Reference Entity; 
(c) 
the Loss Threshold Amount (i.e. Implicit Portfolio Size (50,000,000) x Attachment Point (80%)) 
= 40,000,000; 
(d) 
the Recovery Threshold Amount (i.e. Implicit Portfolio Size (200,000,000) x (100% - Exhaustion 
Point (100%)) = 0; 
(e) 
the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount is calculated as the lowest of (x) the Loss Amount; 
(y) the Aggregate Loss Amount minus the Loss Threshold Amount (subject to a minimum of 
zero); and (z) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (before applying any current default 
reduction). In this case: 
– 
the Loss Amount (i.e. Reference Entity Notional Amount for Rx (500,000) x (100% - 
Auction Final Price (65%)) = 175,000. 
– 
as the first Credit Event, the Aggregate Loss Amount would be 175,000. If we 
deducted the Loss Threshold Amount of 40,000,000, this would be floored at zero 
given it is a negative number and the calculation for (y) would be 0. 
– 
Given the original investment of 10,000,000, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount (disregarding any reduction in respect of the current Credit Event) would be 
10,000,000. 
Based on the above, the lowest of (x), (y) and (z) would be 0. Therefore, the Portfolio 
Tranched Incurred Loss Amount would be 0. 
(f) 
the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount is calculated as the lowest of (x) the Recovery 
Amount; (y) the Aggregate Recovery Amount minus the Recovery Threshold Amount (subject to

--- Page 432 ---
WORKED EXAMPLES IN RESPECT OF CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
432 
a minimum of zero); and (z) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (before applying any 
current default reduction). In this case: 
– 
the Recovery Amount (i.e. Reference Entity Notional Amount for Rx (500,000) x 
Auction Final Price (65%)) = 325,000. 
– 
as the first Credit Event, the Aggregate Recovery Amount would be 325,000 and after 
deducting the Recovery Threshold Amount of 0, the calculation for (y) would be 
325,000. 
– 
Given the original investment of 10,000,000, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount (disregarding any reduction in respect of the current Credit Event) would be 
10,000,000. 
Based on the above, the lowest of (x), (y) and (z) would be 325,000. Therefore, the Portfolio 
Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount would be 325,000. 
(g) 
the Principal Writedown Amount (i.e. the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount 
(325,000) + the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount (0) = 325,000. 
If “Credit Payment following Credit Event” applies:  
(a) 
The Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount is reduced by 325,000 (i.e. the Principal Writedown 
Amount) with effect from 1 Business Day following the Event Determination Date. This would 
be a partial writedown. 
(b) 
Assume that Unwind Costs of 200 are determined. The Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount 
[i.e. max (0, the Note’s pro rata share of (i) the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount 
(325,000) – Unwind Costs (200))] = 324,800 is paid on the Auction Redemption Date.  
(c) 
If no other Credit Events occur, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (original investment 
(10,000,000) – sum of Principal Writedown Amounts (325,000)) = 9,675,000 is paid on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date. 
If “Credit Payment on Maturity” applies: 
(a) 
There is a writedown at the time of each Credit Event, but the Note redeems at maturity only. In 
this case, assume that the Issuer does not incur any Unwind Costs and, therefore, the Unwind 
Costs in such case are zero. 
(b) 
On the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Portfolio Tranched Final Redemption Amount (original 
investment (10,000,000) – sum of Principal Writedown Amounts (325,000) + sum of all Portfolio 
Tranched Redemption Amounts (325,000)) is paid. 10,000,000 will be the Portfolio Tranched 
Final Redemption Amount.

--- Page 433 ---
WORKED EXAMPLES IN RESPECT OF CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
433 
Scenario 4: This example assumes the following: 
(a) 
an investor invests 10,000,000 in a Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note, with the 
portfolio comprising 100 equally weighted Reference Entities and the Tranche being 80-
100%; 
(b) 
the Specified Denomination of the Note is 10,000,000; 
(c) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of any Reference Entity; 
(d) 
Scenario 3 (i.e. partial writedown of 325,000 following a Credit Event) has occurred in 
respect of Rx; 
(e) 
the Credit Linked Note has not been previously purchased or cancelled (but has been 
partially written down pursuant to (d) above); 
(f) 
90 Credit Events occur (with each having the same Event Determination Date) in respect of 
Rx; and 
(g) 
“Auction Redemption” is the applicable method of redemption, with an assumed Auction 
Final Price of 10%. 
 
Based on these assumptions:  
(a) 
the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount is calculated as the lowest of (x) the Loss Amount; 
(y) the Aggregate Loss Amount minus the Loss Threshold Amount (subject to a minimum of 
zero); and (z) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (before applying any current default 
reduction). In this case: 
– 
the Loss Amount (i.e. Reference Entity Notional Amount for 90 Reference Entities 
(500,000 x 90) x (100% - Auction Final Price (10%)) = 40,500,000. 
– 
the Aggregate Loss Amount (including the loss of 175,000 in respect of the first Credit 
Event) and after deducting the Loss Threshold Amount of 40,000,000 would be 
675,000.  
– 
Given the original investment of 10,000,000, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount (including the previous writedown of 325,000) would be 9,675,000. 
Based on the above, the lowest of (x), (y) and (z) would be 675,000. Therefore, the Portfolio 
Tranched Incurred Loss Amount would be 675,000. 
(b) 
the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount is calculated as the lowest of (x) the Recovery 
Amount; (y) the Aggregate Recovery Amount minus the Recovery Threshold Amount (subject to 
a minimum of zero); and (z) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (before applying any 
current default reduction). In this case: 
– 
the Recovery Amount (i.e. Reference Entity Notional Amount for 90 Reference 
Entities (500,000 x 90) x Auction Final Price (10%)) = 4,500,000. 
– 
the Aggregate Recovery Amount (including the recovery of 325,000 in respect of the 
first Credit Event) and after deducting the Recovery Threshold Amount of 0 would be 
4,825,000.

--- Page 434 ---
WORKED EXAMPLES IN RESPECT OF CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS 
434 
– 
given the original investment of 10,000,000, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount (including the previous writedown of 325,000) would be 9,675,000. 
Based on the above, the lowest of (x), (y) and (z) would be 4,500,000. Therefore, the Portfolio 
Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount would be 4,500,000. 
(c) 
the Principal Writedown Amount (i.e. the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount 
4,500,000) + the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount (675,000) = 5,175,000. 
If “Credit Payment following Credit Event” applies:  
(a) 
The Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount is further reduced by 5,175,000 (i.e. the Principal 
Writedown Amount) with effect from 1 Business Day following the Event Determination Date. 
This would be a further partial writedown. 
(b) 
Assume that Unwind Costs of 1,500 are determined. The Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount 
[i.e. max (0, the Note’s pro rata share of (i) the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount 
(4,500,000) – Unwind Costs (1,500))] = 4,498,500 is paid on the Auction Redemption Date.  
(c) 
If no other Credit Events occur, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (original investment 
(10,000,000) – sum of Principal Writedown Amounts (325,000 + 5,175,000)) = 4,500,000 is paid 
on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
If “Credit Payment on Maturity” applies: 
(a) 
There is a writedown at the time of each Credit Event, but the Note redeems at maturity only. In 
this case, assume that the Issuer does not incur any Unwind Costs and, therefore, the Unwind 
Costs in such case are zero. 
(b) 
On the Scheduled Maturity Date, the Portfolio Tranched Final Redemption Amount (original 
investment (10,000,000) – sum of Principal Writedown Amounts (325,000 + 5,175,000) + sum 
of all Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amounts (325,000 + 4,500,000)) is paid. 9,325,000 will be 
the Portfolio Tranched Final Redemption Amount. 
Note: In respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the examples above assume that no Credit Events have 
occurred in respect of Reference Entities referenced by the relevant Index at the Trade Date (or prior to the 
Issue Date). If such Credit Events have occurred, the incurred loss amounts and incurred recovery amounts in 
respect of such Reference Entities (i.e. the Settled Entities) would need to be factored in while calculating the 
aggregate losses and aggregate recoveries and the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount would need to be 
reduced by the settled entity incurred loss and settled entity incurred recovery on the Issue Date.

--- Page 435 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
435 
PART B: CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
The Credit Linked Conditions of the Notes set out the specific terms and conditions that apply to only Credit 
Linked Notes for which “2014 Reference Entity” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. For the 
avoidance of doubt, where this Part B applies, Section G.3 (Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity)) 
will not apply. 
The Credit Linked Conditions set out the economic or ‘payout’ terms of the Credit Linked Notes. These are 
optional provisions and only certain of these terms will apply to the relevant Series of Credit Linked Notes. The 
applicable Issue Terms will specify which of the provisions apply to that Series of Credit Linked Notes. 
The provisions in this Part B are the conditions (the “Credit Linked Conditions”) that will apply to the Notes 
if the relevant Issue Terms provide that “Credit Linked Notes” are applicable (the “Credit Linked Notes”) and 
“2014 Reference Entity” is applicable. These Credit Linked Conditions apply as completed by the relevant Final 
Terms or as completed, modified and/or supplemented by the relevant Pricing Supplement, as applicable. In the 
case of any inconsistency between these Credit Linked Conditions and the General Conditions, these Credit 
Linked Conditions will prevail. For the avoidance of doubt, any clarificatory language herein in italicised shall 
not form part of the Credit Linked Conditions. 
Words and expressions defined or used in the relevant Issue Terms shall have the same meanings where used 
in these Credit Linked Conditions or General Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Credit Linked Conditions or elsewhere in 
the General Conditions which are applicable to the Credit Linked Notes will have the meanings given to them 
in the relevant Issue Terms. References in these Credit Linked Conditions to “Credit Linked Notes” are to the 
Credit Linked Notes, as the case may be, of one Series only, not to all Credit Linked Notes that may be issued 
under the Programme. In respect of Credit Linked Notes which specify more than one Reference Entity in the 
relevant Issue Terms, all references in these Credit Linked Conditions to “the Reference Entity” shall be 
construed to refer to “a Reference Entity” or the “relevant Reference Entity” in respect of which the relevant 
determination is made at any relevant time and all related provisions and determinations will be construed 
accordingly. 
Unless otherwise specified, references in these Credit Linked Conditions to a Credit Linked Condition are to 
the corresponding provision of these Credit Linked Conditions. 
1 
Redemption of Credit Linked Notes 
(a) 
Redemption on the Scheduled Maturity Date where no Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event 
has occurred 
Unless the Credit Linked Notes have been previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled by 
the Issuer, provided that a Relevant Event Determination Date or a Relevant Risk Event Determination 
Date, as applicable, has not occurred and subject to Credit Linked Condition 14 (Scheduled Maturity 
Date Extension), each outstanding Credit Linked Note shall be redeemed on the Scheduled Maturity 
Date at the Maturity Redemption Amount or, in the case of a Single Name Credit Linked Note, a Local 
Access Single Name Credit Linked Note or a Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note to which Credit 
Linked Condition 1(b) (Redemption by instalments) applies, its final Instalment Redemption Amount.  
(b) 
Redemption by instalments 
Where the Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local 
Access Basket Credit Linked Notes are Instalment Notes, unless the Credit Linked Notes have been

--- Page 436 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
436 
previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled by the Issuer, provided that a Relevant Event 
Determination Date or a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, has not occurred and 
subject to Credit Linked Condition 14 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), such Instalment Notes shall 
be partially redeemed on each Instalment Date at the related Instalment Redemption Amount. The 
outstanding nominal amount of each such Credit Linked Note shall be reduced by the relevant Instalment 
Redemption Amount (or, if such Instalment Redemption Amount is calculated by reference to a 
proportion of the nominal amount of such Credit Linked Note, such proportion) for all purposes with 
effect from the related Instalment Date, unless payment of the Instalment Redemption Amount is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which case, such amount shall remain outstanding until the Relevant 
Due Date relating to such Instalment Redemption Amount. 
(c) 
Redemption following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or a Relevant Risk Event 
Unless previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, if a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant 
Risk Event, as applicable, and a corresponding Relevant Event Determination Date or a Relevant Risk 
Event Determination Date, as applicable, has occurred:  
(i) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Single Name Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer will redeem such 
Credit Linked Notes (in whole or in part) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 3 (Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes); 
(ii) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer will redeem 
such Credit Linked Notes (in whole or in part) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 4 
(Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes); 
(iii) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer will redeem such 
Credit Linked Notes (in whole or in part) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 5 (Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Notes); 
(iv) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer will redeem 
such Credit Linked Notes (in whole or in part) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 6 
(Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes); 
(v) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer will write down 
such Credit Linked Notes (in whole or in part) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 7 
(Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes); 
(vi) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer will write down 
such Credit Linked Notes (in whole or in part) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 8 
(Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes);  
(vii) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer will 
redeem such Credit Linked Notes (in whole or in part) in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 9 (Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes); and 
(viii) if the Credit Linked Notes are Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, the Issuer will redeem 
such Credit Linked Notes (in whole or in part) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 10 
(Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes), 
in each case subject to Credit Linked Conditions 15 (M(M)R Restructuring), 22 (Effect of DC 
Resolutions), 23 (Successor Provisions) or, in the case of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
and Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes only, Credit Linked Condition 9(g) (Adjustment following

--- Page 437 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
437 
a Regulatory Change Event) or Credit Linked Condition 10(g) (Adjustment following a Regulatory 
Change Event), in each case as applicable.  
Upon discharge by the Issuer of its payment or delivery obligations on the relevant Credit Event 
Redemption Date (or, if the Issuer does not have any payment or delivery obligations, upon the 
occurrence of the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date) pursuant to Credit Linked Conditions 16 
(Auction Redemption Terms), 17 (Cash Redemption Terms), 18 (Physical Redemption Terms) or 19 
(Fixed Recovery Redemption Terms), as applicable, or otherwise provided herein, the Issuer’s obligations 
in respect of such portion of each Credit Linked Note affected by the Relevant Credit Event or Relevant 
Risk Event, as applicable, shall be discharged in full.  
As a result of one or more Credit Events or Risk Events, as applicable, Noteholders may receive less 
than the principal amount of a Credit Linked Note (and such amount may be zero). Any shortfall shall 
be borne by the Noteholders and no liability shall attach to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Early redemption other than following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or a Relevant Risk 
Event 
If the Credit Linked Notes are redeemed early: 
(i) 
pursuant to General Condition 6(b) (Early Redemption of the Notes);  
(ii) 
following, if applicable, a Merger Event pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 20 (Redemption 
upon Merger Event); or 
(iii) 
following, if applicable, the redemption in whole of the Reference Obligation pursuant to Credit 
Linked Condition 25(c) (Redemption in respect of Reference Obligation Only Series),  
each outstanding Credit Linked Note shall be redeemed by payment of its Early Redemption Amount, 
Optional Redemption Amount, Merger Redemption Amount or Substitution Event Redemption Amount, 
as applicable, on the Early Redemption Date, Optional Redemption Date or Substitution Event Date, as 
applicable, in each case, in accordance with the applicable General Condition or Credit Linked 
Condition. 
Notwithstanding anything contained in these Credit Linked Conditions, if a Relevant Credit Event or a 
Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, occurs immediately after an event triggering early redemption of the 
Credit Linked Notes (as described above), the occurrence of the Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk 
Event, as applicable, will be disregarded (to the extent that the relevant Credit Linked Notes have not 
already been redeemed in full and cancelled) and the Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption 
Amount, Merger Redemption Amount or Substitution Event Redemption Amount, as applicable, payable 
to Noteholders will be determined on the basis of the event triggering early redemption of the Credit 
Linked Notes only. 
2 
Interest on Credit Linked Notes  
(a) 
Accrual of Interest where a Relevant Event Determination Date or a Relevant Risk Event 
Determination Date has not occurred 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 2(c) (Suspension of Interest following an Applicable DC Credit Event 
Question, a potential Credit Event or a potential Risk Event), and provided that the Credit Linked Notes 
have not been previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled: 
(i) 
in respect of Credit Linked Notes other than Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, interest (if any) shall accrue on the Outstanding

--- Page 438 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
438 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes in accordance with General Condition 5 
(Interest) (as completed by the relevant Final Terms or as completed, modified and/or 
supplemented by the relevant Pricing Supplement, as applicable) to (but excluding) the Scheduled 
Maturity Date, subject to Credit Linked Conditions 3 (Single Name Credit Linked Notes), 4 (Nth-
to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes), 5 (Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes), 6 (Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes), 7 (Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes) and 8 (Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes); and 
(ii) 
in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit 
Linked Notes, the LA Interest Amount specified in respect of each Interest Payment Date in the 
relevant Issue Terms shall be payable in the Settlement Currency on such Interest Payment Date, 
subject to Credit Linked Condition 9 (Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes) and 10 
(Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes), as applicable.  
For the avoidance of doubt, no interest shall accrue on any Credit Linked Note on or after the Scheduled 
Maturity Date.  
(b) 
Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant 
Risk Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 5 (Interest), following the occurrence of 
a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, and a corresponding Relevant Event 
Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, the payment of interest 
(if any) in respect of the Applicable Proportion of each relevant Credit Linked Note (other than a Local 
Access Single Name Credit Linked Note or a Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note) on the relevant 
Interest Payment Date or the payment of the LA Interest Amount (if any) in respect of each Local Access 
Single Name Credit Linked Note or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note, as applicable, on the 
relevant LA Interest Payment Date, as determined in accordance with and subject to Credit Linked 
Conditions 3 (Single Name Credit Linked Notes), 4 (Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes), 5 
(Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes), 6 (Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes), 7 (Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes), 8 (Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes), 9 (Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes) or 10 (Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes), as applicable, will be suspended as of: 
(i) 
if “No Interest Accrual on Default” applies in the relevant Issue Terms: 
(x) 
the Interest Payment Date or LA Interest Payment Date, as applicable, immediately 
preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination 
Date, as applicable; or 
(y) 
where there is no Interest Payment Date or LA Interest Payment Date, as applicable, 
immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event 
Determination Date, as applicable, the Issue Date; or 
(ii) 
if “Interest Accrual on Default” applies in the relevant Issue Terms, the first Business Day 
immediately following the Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event 
Determination Date, as applicable.  
(iii) 
In such case: 
(x) 
in respect of each relevant Credit Linked Note (other than a Local Access Single Name 
Credit Linked Note or a Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note), interest shall accrue 
on the Applicable Proportion of such Credit Linked Note:

--- Page 439 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
439 
(I) 
from (and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the 
Relevant Event Determination Date, or (where there is no Interest Payment Date 
immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date), the Issue Date 
(II) 
to (and including) the Relevant Event Determination Date; or 
(y) 
in respect of each relevant Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note or a Local 
Access Basket Credit Linked Note, the LA Interest Amount corresponding to the relevant 
LA Interest Payment Date shall be payable if, and only if, an LA Interest Payment Date 
occurs during the period: 
(I) 
from (and including) the LA Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the 
Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, or (where there is no LA Interest 
Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Risk Event Determination 
Date), the Issue Date; 
(II) 
to (and including) the Relevant Risk Event Determination Date. 
(c) 
Suspension of Interest following an Applicable DC Credit Event Question, a potential Credit Event 
or a potential Risk Event 
Subject to Credit Linked Conditions 2(d) (Payment of Suspended Interest following announcement by 
the DC Secretary or determination by the Calculation Agent), 2(e) (Payment of Suspended Interest and 
reduction of future Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event) 
and 14 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), if, on or prior to an Interest Payment Date or an LA Interest 
Payment Date, as applicable, the Calculation Agent determines that: 
(i) 
an Applicable DC Credit Event Question has been submitted in respect of which a DC Resolution 
(including, but not limited to, a DC Credit Event Announcement, a DC No Credit Event 
Announcement or a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal) has not been published or the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has not resolved whether it will convene a meeting to 
Resolve the Applicable DC Credit Event Question; or 
(ii) 
a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, and corresponding Relevant Event 
Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, could occur but 
no Credit Event Notice or Risk Event Notice, as applicable, has been provided to the Issuer and/or 
the Noteholders,  
the payment of any interest in respect of the Applicable Proportion or of the LA Interest Amount, as 
applicable, will be suspended as of the Interest Payment Date or the LA Interest Payment Date, as 
applicable, on or immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event 
Determination Date, as applicable, or, where there is no Interest Payment Date or LA Interest Payment 
Date, as applicable, immediately preceding such Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk 
Event Determination Date, as applicable, the Issue Date, notwithstanding that a Relevant Event 
Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, has not then occurred, 
provided that, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket 
Credit Linked Notes only, the Calculation Agent will determine whether the payment of the LA Interest 
Amount for the relevant LA Interest Payment Date need not be suspended (due to such payment being 
unaffected by the potential Risk Event), in which case such suspension will not apply and the LA Interest 
Amount will be payable as usual on the relevant LA Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 440 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
440 
The Issuer shall endeavour to give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 27 (Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable if any payment of interest on their Notes is 
suspended pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 2(c). 
The Applicable Proportion of each relevant Credit Linked Note shall be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent (i) on the assumption that (x) a Relevant Credit Event would result in a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, (y) the Relevant Credit Event will not be an M(M)R Restructuring and (z) where 
any Auction Final Price or Final Price, as applicable, is required to determine the portion of the Credit 
Linked Notes subject to interest suspension, a Fixed Recovery Percentage of zero per cent. will apply 
and (ii) in accordance with Credit Linked Conditions 3 (Single Name Credit Linked Notes), 4 (Nth-to-
Default Basket Credit Linked Notes), 5 (Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes), 6 (Index Untranched Credit 
Linked Notes), 7 (Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes) and 8 (Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes), 
as applicable. 
Except for such portion of interest that is suspended in respect of each Credit Linked Note, payment of 
any interest on the remaining portion of the relevant Credit Linked Note (which is unaffected by the 
Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event, as applicable), if applicable, will be payable to 
Noteholders as usual on the relevant Interest Payment Date or LA Interest Payment Date, as applicable. 
(d) 
Payment of Suspended Interest following announcement by the DC Secretary or determination by 
the Calculation Agent  
If: 
(i) 
in connection with an Applicable DC Credit Event Question: 
(A) 
an Applicable DC No Credit Event Announcement occurs; or 
(B) 
an Applicable DC Credit Event Question Dismissal occurs or the DC Secretary announces 
that the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will not be convening to Resolve 
the relevant Applicable DC Credit Event Question;  
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent determines that a Relevant Event Determination Date or a Relevant Risk 
Event Determination Date, as applicable, can no longer occur; or  
(iii) 
the LA Cut-Off Date in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local 
Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, has occurred, 
as applicable, payment of the suspended interest will be made no later than 10 Business Days following 
(I) in the case of Credit Linked Condition 2(d)(i)(A) above, the relevant announcement by the DC 
Secretary or (II) otherwise, the date on which the Calculation Agent determines that a Relevant Event 
Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, can no longer occur 
(taking into consideration any Notice Delivery Period, Post Dismissal Additional Period, the date of the 
Applicable DC Credit Event Question Dismissal, the date of the Applicable DC Credit Event 
Announcement and any Standard Exercise Cut-off Date or Non-Standard Exercise Cut-Off Date, as 
applicable) or the LA Cut-off Date, as applicable. 
For the avoidance of doubt, interest shall continue to be suspended until a relevant announcement by 
the DC Secretary (as described above) occurs, the Calculation Agent determines that no Relevant Event 
Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date (as applicable) can occur or an LA Cut-
Off Date occurs. In such circumstances, Noteholders may not receive any interest for multiple Interest 
Periods and no liability shall attach to the Issuer for any such non-payment of interest.

--- Page 441 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
441 
(e) 
Payment of Suspended Interest and reduction of future Interest following the occurrence of a 
Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event 
If, a Relevant Event Determination Date occurs or a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date occurs on 
or prior to the LA Cut-Off Date: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Agent determines that the amount of interest suspended pursuant to Credit 
Linked Condition 2(c) (Suspension of Interest following an Applicable DC Credit Event Question, 
a potential Credit Event or a potential Risk Event) is greater than the amount of interest that 
should have been suspended (taking into consideration the Applicable Proportion of the relevant 
Credit Linked Note affected by the Relevant Credit Event or, in the case of Local Access Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, the relevant LA 
Interest Amount, as applicable), the Issuer shall pay an amount equal to: 
(x) 
the interest amount actually suspended; minus 
(y) 
the interest amount that should have been suspended, 
no later than 10 Business Days following the date of such determination by the Calculation Agent; 
or 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Agent determines that the amount of interest suspended pursuant to Credit 
Linked Condition 2(c) (Suspension of Interest following an Applicable DC Credit Event Question, 
a potential Credit Event or a potential Risk Event) is less than the amount of interest that should 
have been suspended (taking into consideration the Applicable Proportion of the relevant Credit 
Linked Note affected by the Relevant Credit Event or, in the case of Local Access Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, the relevant LA Interest 
Amount, as applicable), the Issuer shall deduct the absolute value of (x) the interest amount 
actually suspended minus (y) the interest amount that should have been suspended (the absolute 
value of such amount, the “Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount”) from future payments of 
Interest Amounts until the Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount is reduced to zero, provided that 
if there is an outstanding Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount at the time that the Credit Linked 
Notes are being redeemed or written down in full (whether at maturity or upon early redemption), 
such interest shall be deducted from any amount payable to Noteholders at such time, or where 
“Physical Redemption” or “LA Physical Redemption” applies, Delivery of the relevant assets 
shall take into account any reduction as is required to be effected.  
For the avoidance of doubt, where the Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount cannot be deducted 
in full or in part (on account of the relevant redemption amount being insufficient), the Issuer 
shall have no further claims against the Noteholders for any amounts not deducted. 
(f) 
Accrual of Interest at Funding Interest Rate following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event 
This Credit Linked Condition 2(f) applies only if “Credit Payment on Maturity” applies in the relevant 
Issue Terms. 
Following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or a Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, 
notwithstanding the suspension of interest pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of 
Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event), the 
relevant Credit Payment on Maturity Amount shall accrue interest at the Funding Interest Rate in respect 
of each Interest Period (regardless of whether “No Interest Accrual on Default” or “Interest Accrual on 
Default” applies), from (and including) the first Business Day immediately following the (x) Relevant

--- Page 442 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
442 
Event Determination Date or (y) Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, to (but 
excluding in the case of paragraphs (i) and (ii) below and including in the case of paragraph (iii) below) 
the earliest to occur of:  
(i) 
the Scheduled Maturity Date; 
(ii) 
if the relevant Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early Redemption Date, 
Optional Redemption Date or Substitution Event Date, as applicable; and  
(iii) 
if the relevant Credit Linked Notes are redeeming in full following a Relevant Credit Event or 
Relevant Risk Event, as applicable, the Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk 
Event Determination Date, as applicable, corresponding to the Credit Event Redemption Date 
which results in the relevant Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full,  
such interest, the “Funding Interest Amount”. 
3 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
The provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 3 shall not apply to Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes, Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access 
Basket Credit Linked Notes. 
(a) 
Introduction 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes are Credit Linked Notes pursuant to which the Issuer purchases credit 
protection from Noteholders in respect of any one Reference Entity and, accordingly, Noteholders are 
exposed to the credit risk of such Reference Entity only (subject to the Successor provisions set out in 
Credit Linked Condition 23 (Successor Provisions)). 
(b) 
Multiple Relevant Credit Events 
There may be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination Date with 
respect to Single Name Credit Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Conditions 15 (M(M)R 
Restructuring) and 23 (Successor Provisions).  
(c) 
Applicable Proportion 
The Applicable Proportion of a Single Name Credit Linked Note will be equal to the product of: 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination of such Single Name Credit Linked Note; and 
(ii) 
(x) 
100 per cent. (where the Relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring or no 
successor event has occurred); or 
(y) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Exercise Amount divided by (II) 
the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Single Name Credit Linked Notes (where 
the Relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring); or 
(z) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Single Name Partial Nominal 
Amount, divided by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes (where the Relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring and 
partial redemption occurs pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 23 (Successor Provisions)).

--- Page 443 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
443 
(d) 
Impact of Credit Event on Accrual of Interest 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 5 (Interest), following the occurrence of 
a Relevant Event Determination Date: 
(i) 
interest will cease to accrue on the Applicable Proportion of each Single Name Credit Linked 
Note in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of Interest 
following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event); 
(ii) 
interest will continue to accrue as usual on any remaining portion of each Single Name Credit 
Linked Note unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event in accordance with General Condition 5 
(Interest) to (but excluding in the case of (x) and (y) and including in the case of (z)) the earliest 
to occur of (x) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (y) the Early Redemption Date, the Optional 
Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as applicable, which results in the Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full, and (z) the Relevant Event Determination Date 
corresponding to the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date which results in the Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full; and  
(iii) 
where “Credit Payment on Maturity applies”, additional interest shall accrue on the Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes in respect of the Credit Payment on Maturity Amount in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 2(f) (Accrual of Interest at Funding Interest Rate following the 
occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event). 
Further, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is defined in the relevant Issue Terms by reference to an Interest 
Payment Date, then the Scheduled Maturity Date shall be the date which would have been such Interest 
Payment Date notwithstanding that, due to the occurrence of a Credit Event, interest has ceased to accrue 
in accordance in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of Interest 
following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event). 
(e) 
Payment of Accrued Interest 
Where “Interest Accrual on Default” applies, any interest accrued on the Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the 
occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event) from (and including) the Interest Payment 
Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date (or if there is no Interest Payment 
Date, the Issue Date) to (and including) the Relevant Event Determination Date shall be payable on: 
(i) 
if “Credit Payment following Credit Event” applies, a date falling no later than 10 Business Days 
following the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date;  
(ii) 
if “Credit Payment on Maturity” applies, such date as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
provided that such date falls no later than the date on which the Notes are redeemed in full;  
(iii) 
if the Single Name Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early Redemption Date, 
the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as applicable; or 
(iv) 
if “Physical Redemption” applies, a date falling no later than 10 Business Days following the 
first Delivery Date. 
(f) 
Redemption following a Credit Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase) and unless 
previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, (x) the Issuer will redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Single Name Credit

--- Page 444 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
444 
Linked Note in accordance with the “Auction Redemption” Credit Event Redemption Method, the “Cash 
Redemption” Credit Event Redemption Method, the “Physical Redemption” Credit Event Redemption 
Method or the “Fixed Recovery Redemption” Credit Event Redemption Method, as specified in the Issue 
Terms and (y) where a Credit Linked Note is an Instalment Note, from (and including) the occurrence 
of a Relevant Event Determination Date, any Instalment Redemption Amount(s) relating to such 
Applicable Proportion that is due and payable on any Instalment Date(s) will be disregarded.  
(i) 
Auction Redemption 
Auction Redemption shall apply where “Auction Redemption” is specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) “Credit Payment following Credit Event” and (ii) Auction Redemption 
applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer 
shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Single Name Credit Linked Note on the 
Auction Redemption Date at the Auction Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 16 (Auction Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Single Name Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the 
Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 14 (Scheduled Maturity 
Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled 
Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) “Credit Payment on Maturity” and (ii) Auction Redemption applies, then 
following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem 
each Single Name Credit Linked Note on the Final Auction Redemption Date at the Final 
Auction Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 16 (Auction 
Redemption Terms). 
(ii) 
Cash Redemption 
Cash Redemption shall apply where (i) “Cash Redemption” is specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms, or (ii) Cash Redemption is applicable as the 
Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked Condition 16 (Auction Redemption Terms) 
requires the Issuer to redeem the Single Name Credit Linked Notes as if Cash Redemption had 
been specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) “Credit Payment following Credit Event” and (ii) Cash Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall 
redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Single Name Credit Linked Note on the Cash 
Redemption Date at the Cash Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 17 (Cash Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Single Name Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the 
Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 14 (Scheduled Maturity 
Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled 
Maturity Date.

--- Page 445 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
445 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) “Credit Payment on Maturity” and (ii) Cash Redemption applies, then 
following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem 
each Single Name Credit Linked Note on the Final Cash Redemption Date at the Final 
Cash Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 17 (Cash 
Redemption Terms). 
(iii) 
Physical Redemption 
Physical Redemption shall apply where (i) “Physical Redemption” is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms, or (ii) Physical Redemption is applicable 
as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked Condition 16 (Auction Redemption Terms) 
requires the Issuer to redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Single Name Credit Linked Note 
as if Physical Redemption had been specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method. 
If Physical Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination 
Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Single Name Credit Linked Note 
by Delivery to each Noteholder of the Physical Redemption Assets by the relevant Physical 
Redemption Date and payment to each Noteholder of any Partial Cash Redemption Amount, any 
Fallback Cash Redemption Amount and/or any Asset Package Cash Redemption Amount (where 
applicable) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 18 (Physical Redemption Terms).  
The outstanding portion of such Single Name Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the Scheduled 
Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 14 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), 
be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(iv) 
Fixed Recovery Redemption 
Fixed Recovery Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Credit Event Redemption 
Method in the relevant Issue Terms. 
If Fixed Recovery Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Single Name 
Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the Cash Redemption Amount (if “Credit 
Payment following Credit Event” applies) or the Final Cash Redemption Date at the Final Cash 
Redemption Amount (if “Credit Payment on Maturity” applies) in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 19 (Fixed Recovery Redemption Terms). 
Where “Credit Payment following Credit Event” applies, the outstanding portion of such Single Name 
Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 
14 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date.  
4 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes 
The provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 4 shall not apply to Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access 
Basket Credit Linked Notes.

--- Page 446 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
446 
(a) 
Introduction 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes are Credit Linked Notes pursuant to which the Issuer 
purchases credit protection from Noteholders in respect of two or more Reference Entities. All Reference 
Entities in the basket are subject to the occurrence of one or more Credit Events; however, redemption 
is only triggered if a Credit Event occurs in respect of the nth Reference Entity (and such Credit Event 
in respect of the nth Reference Entity will be a Relevant Credit Event for the purpose of the Nth-to-
Default Basket Credit Linked Notes).  
(b) 
Multiple Relevant Credit Events 
There may be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination Date with 
respect to Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Conditions 15 
(M(M)R Restructuring) and 23 (Successor Provisions). 
(c) 
Applicable Proportion 
The Applicable Proportion of an Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note will be equal to the product 
of: 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination of such Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note; and 
(ii) 
(x) 
100 per cent. (where the Relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring or no 
successor event has occurred); or 
(y) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Exercise Amount divided by (II) 
the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked 
Notes (where the Relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring); or 
(z) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Nth-to-Default Partial Nominal 
Amount, divided by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Nth-to-Default 
Basket Credit Linked Notes (where the Relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R 
Restructuring and partial redemption occurs pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 23 
(Successor Provisions)). 
(d) 
Impact of Credit Event on Accrual of Interest 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 5 (Interest), following the occurrence of 
a Relevant Event Determination Date: 
(i) 
interest will cease to accrue on the Applicable Proportion of each Nth-to-Default Basket Credit 
Linked Note in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of Interest 
following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event); 
(ii) 
interest will continue to accrue as usual on any remaining portion of each Nth-to-Default Basket 
Credit Linked Note unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event in accordance with General 
Condition 5 (Interest) to (but excluding in the case of (x) and (y) and including in the case of (z)) 
the earliest to occur of (x) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (y) the Early Redemption Date, the 
Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as applicable, which results in the Nth-
to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full, and (z) the Relevant Event 
Determination Date corresponding to the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date which results 
in the Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full; and 
(iii) 
where “Credit Payment on Maturity applies”, additional interest shall accrue on the Nth-to-
Default Basket Credit Linked Notes in respect of the Credit Payment on Maturity Amount in

--- Page 447 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
447 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(f) (Accrual of Interest at Funding Interest Rate 
following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event). 
Further, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is defined in the relevant Issue Terms by reference to an Interest 
Payment Date, then the Scheduled Maturity Date shall be the date which would have been such Interest 
Payment Date notwithstanding that, due to the occurrence of a Credit Event, interest has ceased to accrue 
in accordance in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of Interest 
following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event). 
(e) 
Payment of Accrued Interest 
Where “Interest Accrual on Default” applies, any interest accrued on the Nth-to-Default Basket Credit 
Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of Interest 
following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event) from (and including) the 
Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date (or if there is no 
Interest Payment Date, the Issue Date) to (and including) the Relevant Event Determination Date shall 
be payable on: 
(i) 
if “Credit Payment following Credit Event” applies, a date falling no later than 10 Business Days 
following the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date;  
(ii) 
if “Credit Payment on Maturity” applies, such date as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
provided that such date falls no later than the date on which the Notes are redeemed in full;  
(iii) 
if the Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early 
Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as applicable; 
or 
(iv) 
if “Physical Redemption” applies, a date falling no later than 10 Business Days following the 
first Delivery Date. 
(f) 
Redemption following a Credit Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase) and unless 
previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date (which, for the avoidance of doubt, needs to have occurred in respect of the nth 
Reference Entity), the Issuer will redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Nth-to-Default Basket Credit 
Linked Note in accordance with the “Auction Redemption” Credit Event Redemption Method, the “Cash 
Redemption” Credit Event Redemption Method, the “Physical Redemption” Credit Event Redemption 
Method or the “Fixed Recovery Redemption” Credit Event Redemption Method, as specified in the Issue 
Terms. 
(i) 
Auction Redemption 
Auction Redemption shall apply where “Auction Redemption” is specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) “Credit Payment following Credit Event” and (ii) Auction Redemption 
applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer 
shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note 
on the Auction Redemption Date at the Auction Redemption Amount in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 16 (Auction Redemption Terms).

--- Page 448 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
448 
The outstanding portion of such Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note (if any) as at 
the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 14 (Scheduled 
Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) “Credit Payment on Maturity” and (ii) Auction Redemption applies, then 
following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem 
each Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note on the Final Auction Redemption Date at 
the Final Auction Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 16 
(Auction Redemption Terms). 
(ii) 
Cash Redemption 
Cash Redemption shall apply where (i) “Cash Redemption” is specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms, or (ii) Cash Redemption is applicable as the 
Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked Condition 16 (Auction Redemption Terms) 
requires the Issuer to redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Nth-to-Default Basket Credit 
Linked Note as if Cash Redemption had been specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) “Credit Payment following Credit Event” and (ii) Cash Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall 
redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note on 
the Cash Redemption Date at the Cash Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 17 (Cash Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note (if any) as at 
the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 14 (Scheduled 
Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) “Credit Payment on Maturity” and (ii) Cash Redemption applies, then 
following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem 
each Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note on the Final Cash Redemption Date at the 
Final Cash Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 17 (Cash 
Redemption Terms). 
(iii) 
Physical Redemption 
Physical Redemption shall apply where (i) “Physical Redemption” is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms or (ii) Physical Redemption is applicable 
as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked Condition 16 (Auction Redemption Terms) 
requires the Issuer to redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Nth-to-Default Basket Credit 
Linked Note as if Physical Redemption had been specified as the Credit Event Redemption 
Method. 
If Physical Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination 
Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Nth-to-Default Basket Credit 
Linked Note by Delivery to each Noteholder of the Physical Redemption Assets by the relevant

--- Page 449 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
449 
Physical Redemption Date and payment to each Noteholder of any Partial Cash Redemption 
Amount, any Fallback Cash Redemption Amount and/or any Asset Package Cash Redemption 
Amount (where applicable) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 18 (Physical Redemption 
Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the 
Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 14 (Scheduled Maturity Date 
Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(iv) 
Fixed Recovery Redemption 
Fixed Recovery Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Credit Event Redemption 
Method in the relevant Issue Terms. 
If Fixed Recovery Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Nth-to-Default 
Basket Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the Cash Redemption Amount (if 
“Credit Payment following Credit Event” applies) or the Final Cash Redemption Date at the Final 
Cash Redemption Amount (if “Credit Payment on Maturity” applies) in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 19 (Fixed Recovery Redemption Terms). 
Where “Credit Payment following Credit Event” applies, the outstanding portion of such Nth-to-
Default Basket Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to 
Credit Linked Condition 14 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity 
Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
5 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes 
The provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 5 shall not apply to Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-
Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes, Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access 
Basket Credit Linked Notes. 
(a) 
Introduction 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes are Credit Linked Notes pursuant to which the Issuer purchases credit 
protection from Noteholders in respect of two or more Reference Entities. If a Credit Event occurs in 
respect of a Reference Entity (not affecting the other Reference Entity/ies in the basket), such Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed in part to reflect the loss suffered in respect of such 
Affected Reference Entity and accordingly, Noteholders are exposed to the credit risk of each Reference 
Entity in the basket in proportion to its weighting. 
(b) 
Multiple Relevant Credit Events 
There may be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination Date with 
respect to Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes where Relevant Credit Events and related Relevant Event 
Determination Dates occur in respect of more than one Reference Entity in the basket. 
There may also be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination Date 
with respect to a single Reference Entity in accordance with Credit Linked Conditions 15 (M(M)R 
Restructuring) and 23 (Successor Provisions).

--- Page 450 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
450 
(c) 
Applicable Proportion 
The Applicable Proportion of a Linear Basket Credit Linked Note will be equal to the product of: 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination of such Linear Basket Credit Linked Note; and 
(ii) 
(x) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Reference Entity Notional Amount 
outstanding in respect of the relevant Affected Reference Entity immediately prior to the 
Relevant Credit Event, divided by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes (where the Relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R 
Restructuring or no successor event has occurred); or 
(y) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Exercise Amount divided by (II) 
the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes (where 
the Relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring); or 
(z) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Linear Basket Partial Nominal 
Amount, divided by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Linear Basket 
Credit Linked Notes (where the Relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring and 
partial redemption occurs pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 23 (Successor Provisions)). 
(d) 
Impact of Credit Event on Accrual of Interest 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 5 (Interest), following the occurrence of 
a Relevant Event Determination Date: 
(i) 
interest will cease to accrue on the Applicable Proportion of each Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Note in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of Interest 
following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event); and 
(ii) 
interest will continue to accrue as usual on any remaining portion of each Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Note unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event, in accordance with General Condition 5 
(Interest) to (but excluding in the case of (x) and (y) and including in the case of (z)) the earliest 
to occur of (x) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (y) an Early Redemption Date, Optional Redemption 
Date or Substitution Event Date, as applicable, which results in the Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Notes being redeemed in full, and (z) the Relevant Event Determination Date corresponding to 
the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date which results in the Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Notes being redeemed in full; and 
(iii) 
where “Credit Payment on Maturity applies”, additional interest shall accrue on the Linear Basket 
Credit Linked Notes in respect of the Credit Payment on Maturity Amount in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 2(f) (Accrual of Interest at Funding Interest Rate following the 
occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event). 
Further, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is defined in the relevant Issue Terms by reference to an Interest 
Payment Date, then the Scheduled Maturity Date shall be the date which would have been such Interest 
Payment Date notwithstanding that, due to the occurrence of a Credit Event, interest has ceased to accrue 
in accordance in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of Interest 
following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event). 
(e) 
Payment of Accrued Interest 
Where “Interest Accrual on Default” applies, any interest accrued on the Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the

--- Page 451 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
451 
occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event) from (and including) the Interest Payment 
Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date (or if there is no Interest Payment 
Date, the Issue Date) to (and including) the Relevant Event Determination Date shall be payable on: 
(i) 
if “Credit Payment following Credit Event” applies, a date falling no later than 10 Business Days 
following the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date;  
(ii) 
if “Credit Payment on Maturity” applies, such date as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
provided that such date falls no later than the date on which the Notes are redeemed in full;  
(iii) 
if the Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early Redemption Date, 
the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as applicable; or 
(iv) 
if “Physical Redemption” applies, a date falling no later than 10 Business Days following the 
first Delivery Date. 
(f) 
Redemption following a Credit Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase) and unless 
previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer will redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Note in accordance with the “Auction Redemption” Credit Event Redemption Method, the “Cash 
Redemption” Credit Event Redemption Method, the “Physical Redemption” Credit Event Redemption 
Method or the “Fixed Recovery Redemption” Credit Event Redemption Method, as specified in the Issue 
Terms. 
(i) 
Auction Redemption 
Auction Redemption shall apply where “Auction Redemption” is specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) “Credit Payment following Credit Event” and (ii) Auction Redemption 
applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer 
shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Linear Basket Credit Linked Note on the 
Auction Redemption Date at the Auction Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 16 (Auction Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Linear Basket Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the 
Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 14 (Scheduled Maturity 
Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled 
Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) “Credit Payment on Maturity” and (ii) Auction Redemption applies, then 
following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem 
each Linear Basket Credit Linked Note on the Final Auction Redemption Date at the Final 
Auction Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 16 (Auction 
Redemption Terms).

--- Page 452 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
452 
(ii) 
Cash Redemption 
Cash Redemption shall apply where (i) “Cash Redemption” is specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms, or (ii) Cash Redemption is applicable as the 
Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked Condition 16 (Auction Redemption Terms) 
requires the Issuer to redeem the Applicable Proportion of the Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes 
as if Cash Redemption had been specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) “Credit Payment following Credit Event” and (ii) Cash Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall 
redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Linear Basket Credit Linked Note on the Cash 
Redemption Date at the Cash Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 17 (Cash Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Linear Basket Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the 
Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 14 (Scheduled Maturity 
Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled 
Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) “Credit Payment on Maturity” and (ii) Cash Redemption applies, then 
following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem 
each Linear Basket Credit Linked Note on the Final Cash Redemption Date at the Final 
Cash Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 17 (Cash 
Redemption Terms). 
(iii) 
Physical Redemption 
Physical Redemption shall apply where (i) “Physical Redemption” is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms or (ii) Physical Redemption is applicable 
as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked Condition 16 (Auction Redemption Terms) 
requires the Issuer to redeem the Applicable Proportion of the Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes 
as if Physical Redemption had been specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method. 
If Physical Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination 
Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Linear Basket Credit Linked Note 
by Delivery to each Noteholder of the Physical Redemption Assets by the relevant Physical 
Redemption Date and payment to each Noteholder of any Partial Cash Redemption Amount, any 
Fallback Cash Redemption Amount and/or any Asset Package Cash Redemption Amount (where 
applicable) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 18 (Physical Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Linear Basket Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the Scheduled 
Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 14 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), 
be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(iv) 
Fixed Recovery Redemption 
Fixed Recovery Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Credit Event Redemption 
Method in the relevant Issue Terms.

--- Page 453 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
453 
If Fixed Recovery Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Linear Basket 
Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the Cash Redemption Amount (if “Credit 
Payment following Credit Event” applies) or the Final Cash Redemption Date at the Final Cash 
Redemption Amount (if “Credit Payment on Maturity” applies) in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 19 (Fixed Recovery Redemption Terms). 
Where “Credit Payment following Credit Event” applies, the outstanding portion of such Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit 
Linked Condition 14 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity 
Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
6 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes 
The provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 6 shall not apply to Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-
Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access 
Basket Credit Linked Notes. 
(a) 
Introduction 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes are Credit Linked Notes pursuant to which the Issuer purchases 
credit protection from Noteholders in respect of the performance of component Reference Entities of a 
specified Index (which will be either an iTraxx® or CDX index®). 
If a Credit Event occurs in respect of a Reference Entity, the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes will 
be redeemed in part to reflect the loss suffered in respect of such Affected Reference Entity and 
accordingly, Noteholders are exposed to the credit risk of each Reference Entity in the Index in 
proportion to its weighting. 
(b) 
Multiple Relevant Credit Events 
There may be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination Date with 
respect to Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes where Relevant Credit Events and related Relevant 
Event Determination Dates occur in respect of more than one Reference Entity in the Index. 
There may also be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination Date 
with respect to a single Reference Entity in accordance with Credit Linked Conditions 15 (M(M)R 
Restructuring) and 23 (Successor Provisions). 
(c) 
Applicable Proportion 
The Applicable Proportion of an Index Untranched Credit Linked Note will be equal to the product of: 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination of such Index Untranched Credit Linked Note; and 
(ii) 
(x) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Reference Entity Notional Amount 
outstanding in respect of the relevant Affected Reference Entity immediately prior to the 
Relevant Credit Event, divided by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes (where the Relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R 
Restructuring or no successor event has occurred); or

--- Page 454 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
454 
(y) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Exercise Amount, divided by (II) 
the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes 
(where the Relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring); or 
(z) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Index Untranched Partial Nominal 
Amount, divided by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Notes (where the Relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring and 
partial redemption occurs pursuant to application of Credit Linked Condition 23 
(Successor Provisions)). 
(d) 
Impact of Credit Event on Accrual of Interest 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 5 (Interest), following the occurrence of 
a Relevant Event Determination Date: 
(i) 
interest will cease to accrue on the Applicable Proportion of each Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Note in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of Interest 
following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event); and 
(ii) 
interest will continue to accrue as usual on any remaining portion of each Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Note unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event in accordance with General 
Condition 5 (Interest) to (but excluding in the case of (x) and (y) and including in the case of (z)) 
the earliest to occur of (x) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (y) the Early Redemption Date, the 
Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as applicable, which results in the 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full, and (z) the Relevant Event 
Determination Date corresponding to the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date which results 
in the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full; and 
(iii) 
where “Credit Payment on Maturity applies”, additional interest shall accrue on the Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes in respect of the Credit Payment on Maturity Amount in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(f) (Accrual of Interest at Funding Interest Rate 
following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event). 
Further, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is defined in the relevant Issue Terms by reference to an Interest 
Payment Date, then the Scheduled Maturity Date shall be the date which would have been such Interest 
Payment Date notwithstanding that, due to the occurrence of a Credit Event, interest has ceased to accrue 
in accordance in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of Interest 
following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event). 
(e) 
Payment of Accrued Interest 
Where “Interest Accrual on Default” applies, any interest accrued on the Index Untranched Credit 
Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of Interest 
following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event) from (and including) the 
Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date (or if there is no 
Interest Payment Date, the Issue Date) to (and including) the Relevant Event Determination Date shall 
be payable on: 
(i) 
if “Credit Payment following Credit Event” applies, a date falling no later than 10 Business Days 
following the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date;  
(ii) 
if “Credit Payment on Maturity” applies, such date as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
provided that such date falls no later than the date on which the Notes are redeemed in full; or

--- Page 455 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
455 
(iii) 
if the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early Redemption 
Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as applicable. 
(f) 
Redemption following a Credit Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase) and unless 
previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer will redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Index Untranched Credit 
Linked Note in accordance with the “Auction Redemption” Credit Event Redemption Method, the “Cash 
Redemption” Credit Event Redemption Method or the “Fixed Recovery Redemption” Credit Event 
Redemption Method, as specified in the Issue Terms. 
(i) 
Auction Redemption 
Auction Redemption shall apply where “Auction Redemption” is specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) “Credit Payment following Credit Event” and (ii) Auction Redemption 
applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer 
shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Index Untranched Credit Linked Note on 
the Auction Redemption Date at the Auction Redemption Amount in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 16 (Auction Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Index Untranched Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the 
Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 14 (Scheduled Maturity 
Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled 
Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) “Credit Payment on Maturity” and (ii) Auction Redemption applies, then 
following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem 
each Index Untranched Credit Linked Note on the Final Auction Redemption Date at the 
Final Auction Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 16 
(Auction Redemption Terms). 
(ii) 
Cash Redemption 
Cash Redemption shall apply where (i) “Cash Redemption” is specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms, or (ii) Cash Redemption is applicable as the 
Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked Condition 16 (Auction Redemption Terms) 
requires the Issuer to redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Note as if Cash Redemption had been specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) “Credit Payment following Credit Event” and (ii) Cash Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall 
redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Index Untranched Credit Linked Note on the 
Cash Redemption Date at the Cash Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 17 (Cash Redemption Terms).

--- Page 456 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
456 
The outstanding portion of such Index Untranched Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the 
Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 14 (Scheduled Maturity 
Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled 
Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) “Credit Payment on Maturity” and (ii) Cash Redemption applies, then 
following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem 
each Index Untranched Credit Linked Note on the Final Cash Redemption Date at the 
Final Cash Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 17 (Cash 
Redemption Terms). 
(iii) 
Fixed Recovery Redemption 
Fixed Recovery Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Credit Event Redemption 
Method in the relevant Issue Terms. 
If Fixed Recovery Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the Cash Redemption Amount (if “Credit 
Payment following Credit Event” applies) or the Final Cash Redemption Date at the Final Cash 
Redemption Amount (if “Credit Payment on Maturity” applies) in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 19 (Fixed Recovery Redemption Terms). 
Where “Credit Payment following Credit Event” applies, the outstanding portion of such Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit 
Linked Condition 14 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity 
Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(g) 
Amendment to Index Annex 
The Index Annex will be deemed amended from time to time to reflect any modifications resulting from 
Credit Linked Conditions 23 (Successor Provisions), 25(a) (Standard Reference Obligation and Non-
Standard Reference Obligation) and 25(b) (Substitute Reference Obligation) and the definitions of 
Reference Entity, Reference Obligation, Standard Reference Obligation, Substitute Reference 
Obligation and Successor as set out in Credit Linked Condition 30 (Definitions). 
(h) 
Restriction on Delivery of Credit Event Notice or Successor Notice 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Credit Linked Conditions, neither the Calculation 
Agent nor the Issuer may deliver a Credit Event Notice or a Successor Notice unless a notice has 
previously been delivered to the DC Secretary in accordance with the DC Rules requesting that the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve a DC Credit Event 
Question or one or more Successors to the relevant Reference Entity, as applicable, with respect to the 
facts described in with respect to the facts described in such Credit Event Notice or Successor Notice, 
as applicable, and either (i) a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal has occurred, (ii) the DC Secretary 
has publicly announced that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved 
not to make a determination or (iii) the DC Secretary has publicly announced that the conditions to 
convening the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to Resolve such matter have not 
been satisfied in accordance with the DC Rules. Any Credit Event Notice or Successor Notice, as 
applicable, delivered in breach of the requirements in this Credit Linked Condition 6(h) shall be deemed 
not to have been delivered.

--- Page 457 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
457 
(i) 
Restructurings in respect of component Reference Entities of an Index 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Credit Linked Conditions, if a DC Credit Event 
Announcement occurs in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring with respect to a component Reference 
Entity of the relevant Index (such Reference Entity, a “Restructured Entity”), from (and including) the 
calendar day immediately following the date of such DC Credit Event Announcement, the relevant Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes will be amended without the consent of the Noteholders to reflect the 
following terms: 
(i) 
the Restructured Entity will be deemed to have been removed from the Index and the Index 
Annex; and 
(ii) 
the portion of the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes relating to such Restructured Entity will 
not redeem but will instead continue as Single Name Credit Linked Notes referencing the 
Restructured Entity with the same economic terms and conditions that such Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Notes had immediately before such DC Credit Event Announcement, except that 
the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 6(i) shall not apply (such new Credit Linked Notes, 
the “New Single Name Credit Linked Notes”) and if exercised, the Applicable Proportion of 
each New Single Name Credit Linked Note will redeem in accordance with the provisions set out 
in Credit Linked Condition 6(f) (Redemption following a Credit Event); and 
(iii) 
following such event, and unless Resolved otherwise by a relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee, such New Single Name Credit Linked Notes (referencing solely the 
Restructured Entity) shall apply such that the economic terms of the New Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes as closely as possible preserve the economic equivalent of the relevant Credit 
Linked Notes immediately before the DC Credit Event Announcement and the Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of such New Single Name Credit Linked Notes shall be to the 
Reference Entity Notional Amount with respect to the Restructured Entity immediately prior to 
the DC Credit Event Announcement. 
New Single Name Credit Linked Notes shall, for the avoidance of doubt, be treated for all purposes as 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes under these Credit Linked Conditions. 
7 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
The provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 7 shall not apply to Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-
Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Notes, Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access 
Basket Credit Linked Notes. 
(a) 
Introduction 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes are Credit Linked Notes pursuant to which the Issuer purchases 
credit protection from Noteholders in respect of a specified tranche which is linked to the performance 
of the component Reference Entities of a specified Index (which will be either an iTraxx® or CDX® 
index).  
If a Relevant Credit Event occurs in respect of a Reference Entity, the Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes will be written down and/or partially redeemed, as applicable, to reflect the incurred loss and/or 
any incurred recovery amount in respect of such Affected Reference Entity (to the extent that such 
incurred loss/incurred recovery amount falls within the tranche to which the Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes are exposed to), and any incurred recovery amount in respect of such Affected Reference

--- Page 458 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
458 
Entity will be payable to Noteholders following the Relevant Credit Event in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 7(f) (Redemption following a Credit Event). Accordingly, Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes are exposed to the credit risk of each Reference Entity in the Index in proportion to its 
weighting. 
(b) 
Multiple Relevant Credit Events 
There may be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination Date with 
respect to Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes where Relevant Credit Events and related Relevant Event 
Determination Dates occur in respect of more than one Reference Entity in the Index. 
There may also be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination Date 
with respect to a single Reference Entity in accordance with Credit Linked Conditions 15 (M(M)R 
Restructuring) and 23 (Successor Provisions). 
(c) 
Applicable Proportion 
The Applicable Proportion of an Index Tranched Credit Linked Note will be equal to the product of: 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination of such Index Tranched Credit Linked Note; and 
(ii) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the relevant Principal Writedown Amount, 
divided by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes. 
(d) 
Impact of Credit Event on Accrual of Interest 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 5 (Interest), following the occurrence of 
a Relevant Event Determination Date: 
(i) 
interest will cease to accrue on the Applicable Proportion of each Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Note in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of Interest 
following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event); 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that there is an Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount and/or 
an Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount greater than zero with respect to an Affected 
Reference Entity, for the purpose of calculating the interest due on the Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes going forward, each Index Tranched Credit Linked Note then outstanding shall be 
reduced by its pro rata share of the Principal Writedown Amount with effect from the Credit 
Event Writedown Date (notwithstanding, where “Credit Payment on Maturity” applies and there 
is an Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount, that the Index Tranched Final Redemption 
Amount shall be not be payable until the Final Auction Redemption Date or Final Cash 
Redemption Date, as applicable) purely for the purposes of determining the interest amount 
accrued; and 
(iii) 
interest will continue to accrue as usual on any remaining portion of each Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Note (after, if applicable, any writedown of the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes by 
the Principal Writedown Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 7(d)(ii) above) 
unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event in accordance with General Condition 5 (Interest) to (but 
excluding in the case of (x) and (y) and including in the case of (z)) the earliest to occur of (x) 
the Scheduled Maturity Date, (y) the Early Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Date or 
the Substitution Event Date, as applicable, which results in the Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes being redeemed in full, and (z) the Relevant Event Determination Date corresponding to

--- Page 459 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
459 
the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date which results in the Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes being redeemed in full; and  
(iv) 
where “Credit Payment on Maturity applies”, additional interest shall accrue on the Credit 
Payment on Maturity Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(f) (Accrual of 
Interest at Funding Interest Rate following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant 
Risk Event). 
Further, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is defined in the relevant Issue Terms by reference to an Interest 
Payment Date, then the Scheduled Maturity Date shall be the date which would have been such Interest 
Payment Date notwithstanding that, due to the occurrence of a Credit Event, interest has ceased to accrue 
in accordance in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of Interest 
following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event). 
(e) 
Payment of Accrued Interest 
Where “Interest Accrual on Default” applies, any interest accrued on the Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the 
occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event) from (and including) the Interest Payment 
Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date (or if there is no Interest Payment 
Date, the Issue Date) to (and including) the Relevant Event Determination Date shall be payable on: 
(i) 
if “Credit Payment following Credit Event” applies and: 
(x) 
an Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount is determined (but there is no Index Tranched 
Incurred Recovery Amount and therefore no Credit Event Redemption Date has occurred), 
a date falling no later than 10 Business Days following the relevant Auction Final Price 
Determination Date or Final Price Determination Date, as applicable; or 
(y) 
otherwise, a date falling no later than 10 Business Days following the relevant Credit 
Event Redemption Date; 
(ii) 
if “Credit Payment on Maturity” applies, such date as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
provided that such date falls no later than the date on which the Notes are redeemed in full; or 
(iii) 
if the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early Redemption 
Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as applicable. 
(f) 
Redemption following a Credit Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase) and unless 
previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer will partially redeem each Index Tranched Credit Linked Note in 
accordance with the “Auction Redemption” Credit Event Redemption Method, the “Cash Redemption” 
Credit Event Redemption Method or the “Fixed Recovery Redemption” Credit Event Redemption 
Method, as specified in the Issue Terms. 
(i) 
Auction Redemption 
Auction Redemption shall apply where “Auction Redemption” is specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event

--- Page 460 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
460 
If each of (i) “Credit Payment following Credit Event” and (ii) Auction Redemption 
applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer 
shall partially redeem each Index Tranched Credit Linked Note on the Auction 
Redemption Date at the Index Tranched Redemption Amount (if any) in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 16 (Auction Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Index Tranched Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the 
Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 14 (Scheduled Maturity 
Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled 
Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) “Credit Payment on Maturity” and (ii) Auction Redemption applies, then 
following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem 
each Index Tranched Credit Linked Note in whole on the Final Auction Redemption Date 
at the Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 16 (Auction Redemption Terms). 
(ii) 
Cash Redemption 
Cash Redemption shall apply where (i) “Cash Redemption” is specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms, or (ii) Cash Redemption is applicable as the 
Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked Condition 16 (Auction Redemption Terms) 
requires the Issuer to redeem the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes as if Cash Redemption had 
been specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) “Credit Payment following Credit Event” and (ii) Cash Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall 
partially redeem each Index Tranched Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date 
at the Index Tranched Redemption Amount (if any) in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 17 (Cash Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Index Tranched Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the 
Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 14 (Scheduled Maturity 
Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled 
Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) “Credit Payment on Maturity” and (ii) Cash Redemption applies, then 
following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem 
each Index Tranched Credit Linked Note in whole on the Final Cash Redemption Date at 
the Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 17 (Cash Redemption Terms). 
(iii) 
Fixed Recovery Redemption 
Fixed Recovery Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Credit Event Redemption 
Method in the relevant Issue Terms.

--- Page 461 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
461 
If Fixed Recovery Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall partially redeem each Index Tranched Credit Linked Note 
on the Cash Redemption Date at the Index Tranched Redemption Amount (if “Credit Payment 
following Credit Event” applies) or the outstanding portion of each Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Note in whole on the Final Cash Redemption Date at the Index Tranched Final Redemption 
Amount (if “Credit Payment on Maturity” applies) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 
19 (Fixed Recovery Redemption Terms). 
Where “Credit Payment following Credit Event” applies, the outstanding portion of such Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit 
Linked Condition 14 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity 
Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(g) 
Amendment to Index Annex 
The Index Annex will be deemed to be amended from time to time to reflect any modifications resulting 
from Credit Linked Conditions 23 (Successor Provisions), 25(a) (Standard Reference Obligation and 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation) and 25(b) (Substitute Reference Obligation) and the definitions of 
Reference Entity, Reference Obligation, Standard Reference Obligation, Substitute Reference 
Obligation and Successor as set out in Credit Linked Condition 30 (Definitions). 
(h) 
Restriction on Delivery of Credit Event Notice or Successor Notice 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Credit Linked Conditions, neither the Calculation 
Agent nor the Issuer may deliver a Credit Event Notice or a Successor Notice unless a notice has 
previously been delivered to the DC Secretary in accordance with the DC Rules requesting that the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve a DC Credit Event 
Question or one or more Successors to the relevant Reference Entity, as applicable, with respect to the 
facts described in with respect to the facts described in such Credit Event Notice or Successor Notice, 
as applicable, and either (i) a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal has occurred, (ii) the DC Secretary 
has publicly announced that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved 
not to make a determination or (iii) the DC Secretary has publicly announced that the conditions to 
convening the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee to Resolve such matter have not 
been satisfied in accordance with the DC Rules. Any Credit Event Notice or Successor Notice, as 
applicable, delivered in breach of the requirements in this Credit Linked Condition 7(h) shall be deemed 
not to have been delivered. 
8 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
The provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 8 shall not apply to Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-
Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access 
Basket Credit Linked Notes. 
(a) 
Introduction 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes are Credit Linked Notes pursuant to which the Issuer purchases 
credit protection from Noteholders in respect of a specified tranche which is linked to the performance 
of the component Reference Entities of a bespoke basket. 
If a Relevant Credit Event occurs in respect of a Reference Entity, the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes will be written down and/or partially redeemed, as applicable, to reflect the incurred loss and/or

--- Page 462 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
462 
any incurred recovery amount in respect of such Affected Reference Entity (to the extent that such 
incurred loss/incurred recovery amount falls within the tranche to which the Portfolio Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes are exposed to), and any incurred recovery amount in respect of such Affected Reference 
Entity will be payable to Noteholders following the Relevant Credit Event in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 8(f) (Redemption following a Credit Event). Accordingly, Portfolio Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes are exposed to the credit risk of each Reference Entity in the basket in proportion to its 
weighting. 
(b) 
Multiple Relevant Credit Events 
There may be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination Date with 
respect to Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes where Relevant Credit Events and related Relevant 
Event Determination Dates occur in respect of more than one Reference Entity in the basket. 
There may also be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination Date 
with respect to a single Reference Entity in accordance with Credit Linked Conditions 15 (M(M)R 
Restructuring) and 23 (Successor Provisions). 
(c) 
Applicable Proportion 
The Applicable Proportion of a Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note will be equal to the product of: 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination of such Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note; and 
(ii) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Principal Writedown Amount in respect of 
the relevant Affected Reference Entity, divided by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount 
of the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes. 
(d) 
Impact of Credit Event on Accrual of Interest  
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 5 (Interest), following the occurrence of 
a Relevant Event Determination Date: 
(i) 
interest will cease to accrue on the Applicable Proportion of each Portfolio Tranched Credit 
Linked Note in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of Interest 
following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event); 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that there is a Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount 
and/or a Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount greater than zero with respect to an 
Affected Reference Entity, for the purpose of calculating the interest due on the Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes going forward, each Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note then 
outstanding shall be reduced by its pro rata share of the Principal Writedown Amount with effect 
from the Credit Event Writedown Date (notwithstanding, where “Credit Payment on Maturity” 
applies, that the Portfolio Tranched Final Redemption Amount shall be not be payable until the 
Final Auction Redemption Date or Final Cash Redemption Date, as applicable) purely for the 
purposes of determining the interest amount accrued; and 
(iii) 
interest will continue to accrue as usual on any remaining portion of each Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Note (after, if applicable, any writedown of the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked 
Note by the Principal Writedown Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 8(d)(ii) 
above) unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event in accordance with General Condition 5 (Interest) 
to (but excluding in the case of (x) and (y) and including in the case of (z)) the earliest to occur 
of (x) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (y) the Early Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption 
Date or the Substitution Event Date, as applicable, which results in the Portfolio Tranched Credit

--- Page 463 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
463 
Linked Notes being redeemed in full, and (z) the Relevant Event Determination Date 
corresponding to the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date which results in the Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full; and 
(iv) 
where “Credit Payment on Maturity applies”, additional interest shall accrue on the Credit 
Payment on Maturity Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(f) (Accrual of 
Interest at Funding Interest Rate following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant 
Risk Event). 
Further, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is defined in the relevant Issue Terms by reference to an Interest 
Payment Date, then the Scheduled Maturity Date shall be the date which would have been such Interest 
Payment Date notwithstanding that, due to the occurrence of a Credit Event, interest has ceased to accrue 
in accordance in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of Interest 
following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event). 
(e) 
Payment of Accrued Interest 
Where “Interest Accrual on Default” applies, any interest accrued on the Portfolio Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of Interest 
following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event) from (and including) the 
Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date (or if there is no 
Interest Payment Date, the Issue Date) to (and including) the Relevant Event Determination Date shall 
be payable on:  
(i) 
if “Credit Payment following Credit Event” applies and: 
(x) 
a Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount is determined (but there is no Portfolio 
Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount and therefore no Credit Event Redemption Date has 
occurred), a date falling no later than 10 Business Days following the relevant Auction 
Final Price Determination Date or Final Price Determination Date, as applicable; or  
(y) 
otherwise, a date falling no later than 10 Business Days following the relevant Credit 
Event Redemption Date; 
(ii) 
if “Credit Payment on Maturity” applies, such date as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
provided that such date falls no later than the date on which the Notes are redeemed in full; or  
(iii) 
if the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early Redemption 
Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as applicable. 
(f) 
Redemption following a Credit Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase) and unless 
previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer will partially redeem each Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note in 
accordance with the “Auction Redemption” Credit Event Redemption Method, the “Cash Redemption” 
Credit Event Redemption Method or the “Fixed Recovery Redemption” Credit Event Redemption 
Method, as specified in the Issue Terms. 
(i) 
Auction Redemption 
Auction Redemption shall apply where “Auction Redemption” is specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event

--- Page 464 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
464 
If each of (i) “Credit Payment following Credit Event” and (ii) Auction Redemption 
applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer 
shall partially redeem each Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note on the Auction 
Redemption Date at the Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount (if any) in accordance 
with Credit Linked Condition 16 (Auction Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the 
Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 14 (Scheduled Maturity 
Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled 
Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) “Credit Payment on Maturity” and (ii) Auction Redemption applies, then 
following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem 
each Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note in whole on the Final Auction Redemption 
Date at the Portfolio Tranched Final Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 16 (Auction Redemption Terms). 
(ii) 
Cash Redemption 
Cash Redemption shall apply where (i) “Cash Redemption” is specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms, or (ii) Cash Redemption is applicable as the 
Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked Condition 16 (Auction Redemption Terms) 
requires the Issuer to redeem the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes as if Cash Redemption 
had been specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) “Credit Payment following Credit Event” and (ii) Cash Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall 
partially redeem each Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption 
Date at the Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount (if any) in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 17 (Cash Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the 
Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 14 (Scheduled Maturity 
Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled 
Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) “Credit Payment on Maturity” and (ii) Cash Redemption applies, then 
following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem 
each Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note in whole on the Final Cash Redemption Date 
at the Portfolio Tranched Final Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 17 (Cash Redemption Terms). 
(iii) 
Fixed Recovery Redemption 
Fixed Recovery Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Credit Event Redemption 
Method in the relevant Issue Terms.

--- Page 465 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
465 
If Fixed Recovery Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall partially redeem each Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note 
on the Cash Redemption Date at the Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount (if “Credit Payment 
following Credit Event” applies) or the outstanding portion of each Portfolio Tranched Credit 
Linked Note in whole on the Final Cash Redemption Date at the Portfolio Tranched Final 
Redemption Amount (if “Credit Payment on Maturity” applies) in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 19 (Fixed Recovery Redemption Terms). 
Where “Credit Payment following Credit Event” applies, the outstanding portion of such 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject 
to Credit Linked Condition 14 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity 
Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
9 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
The provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 9 shall not apply to Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-
Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket 
Credit Linked Notes. 
(a) 
Introduction 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes are Credit Linked Notes pursuant to which the Issuer 
purchases credit protection from Noteholders in respect of Reference Investor Assets of one Reference 
Entity where such Reference Entity is a sovereign of, or a corporate in, a local access jurisdiction and 
where such Reference Investor Assets are held by a Reference Investor in such local access jurisdiction. 
Accordingly, in addition to the credit risk of such Reference Entity, Noteholders are also exposed to 
additional risks associated with such local access jurisdictions.  
(b) 
Multiple Relevant Risk Events 
There may be more than one Relevant Risk Event with respect to Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 23 (Successor Provisions). 
(c) 
Applicable Proportion 
The Applicable Proportion of a Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note will be equal to the 
product of: 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination of such Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note; and 
(ii) 
(x) 
100 per cent. (where no successor event has occurred); or 
(y) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Local Access Single Name Partial 
Nominal Amount divided by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Local 
Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes (where partial redemption occurs pursuant to 
Credit Linked Condition 23 (Successor Provisions)). 
(d) 
Impact of Risk Event on Accrual of Interest 
General Condition 5 (Interest) will not be applicable to Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
and the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition shall apply instead.

--- Page 466 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
466 
Following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date: 
(i) 
the payment of the LA Interest Amount corresponding to the LA Interest Payment Date of each 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note will be suspended in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant 
Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event), provided that the Calculation Agent shall determine 
whether the payment of the LA Interest Amount for the relevant LA Interest Payment Date need 
not be suspended (due to such payment being unaffected by the potential Risk Event), in which 
case such suspension will not apply and the LA Interest Amount will be payable as usual on the 
relevant LA Interest Payment Date; and 
(ii) 
following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, if the Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note is not reduced 
to zero, the LA Interest Amount will continue to be payable on the relevant LA Interest Payment 
Date as usual (but only to the extent of any apportioned amount following any multiple successor 
determination or other adjustment deemed necessary to give effect to the terms of the Credit 
Linked Conditions as determined by the Calculation Agent) with respect to each Local Access 
Single Name Credit Linked Note to (but excluding in the case of (x) and (y) and including in the 
case of (z)) the earliest to occur of (x) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (y) the Early Redemption 
Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as applicable, which results 
in the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full, and (z) the 
Relevant Risk Event Determination Date corresponding to the relevant Credit Event Redemption 
Date which results in the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full, 
except that in the case of (y) and (z) interest shall be payable if, and only if, the relevant LA 
Interest Payment Date has occurred on or prior to the relevant dates referred to in (y) and (z); and 
(iii) 
where “Credit Payment on Maturity applies”, additional interest shall accrue on the Local Access 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes in respect of the Credit Payment on Maturity Amount in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(f) (Accrual of Interest at Funding Interest Rate 
following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event). 
Further, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is defined in the relevant Issue Terms by reference to an LA 
Interest Payment Date, then the Scheduled Maturity Date shall be the date which would have been such 
LA Interest Payment Date notwithstanding that, due to the occurrence of a Risk Event, interest has ceased 
to accrue in accordance in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of 
Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event). 
(e) 
Payment of Accrued Interest 
Where “Interest Accrual on Default” applies, any interest accrued on the Local Access Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of Interest 
following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event) from (and including) the 
LA Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Risk Event Determination Date (or if 
there is no LA Interest Payment Date, the Issue Date) to (and including) the Relevant Risk Event 
Determination Date shall be payable on:  
(i) 
if “Credit Payment following Risk Event” applies, a date falling no later than 10 Business Days 
following the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date, provided that interest shall be payable if, 
and only if, the relevant LA Interest Payment Date has occurred prior to the relevant Credit Event 
Redemption Date;

--- Page 467 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
467 
(ii) 
if “Credit Payment on Maturity” applies, such date as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
provided that interest shall be payable if, and only if, the relevant LA Interest Payment Date has 
occurred prior to the relevant LA Valuation Date and further provided that such date falls no later 
than the date on which the Notes are redeemed in full; 
(iii) 
if the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early 
Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as applicable, 
provided that interest shall be payable if, and only if, the relevant LA Interest Payment Date has 
occurred prior to the relevant Early Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the 
Substitution Event Date, as applicable; or 
(iv) 
if “LA Physical Redemption” applies, a date falling no later than 10 Business Days following the 
first Delivery Date, provided that interest shall be payable if, and only if, the relevant LA Interest 
Payment Date has occurred prior to the first Delivery Date. 
(f) 
Redemption following a Risk Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase) and unless 
previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk 
Event Determination Date (subject to Credit Linked Condition 9(g) (Adjustment following a Regulatory 
Change Event)), (x) the Issuer will redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Local Access Single Name 
Credit Linked Note in accordance with the “LA Cash Redemption” Risk Event Redemption Method, the 
“LA Physical Redemption” Risk Event Redemption Method or the “LA Fixed Recovery Redemption” 
Risk Event Redemption Method, as specified in the Issue Terms and (y) where a Credit Linked Note is 
an Instalment Note, from (and including) the occurrence of a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, 
any Instalment Redemption Amount(s) relating to such Applicable Proportion that is due and payable on 
any Instalment Date(s) will be disregarded. 
(i) 
LA Cash Redemption 
LA Cash Redemption shall apply where “LA Cash Redemption” is specified as the Risk Event 
Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Risk Event 
If each of (i) “Credit Payment following Risk Event” and (ii) LA Cash Redemption 
applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date and 
subject to Credit Linked Condition 9(g) (Adjustment following a Regulatory Change 
Event), the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Local Access Single 
Name Credit Linked Note on the LA Cash Redemption Date at the LA Cash Redemption 
Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 17(c) (LA Cash Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note (if any) 
as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 14 (Scheduled 
Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) “Credit Payment on Maturity” and (ii) LA Cash Redemption applies, then 
following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note on the Final LA Cash

--- Page 468 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
468 
Redemption Date at the Final LA Cash Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 17(c) (LA Cash Redemption Terms). 
(ii) 
LA Physical Redemption 
LA Physical Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Risk Event Redemption Method 
in the relevant Issue Terms. 
If LA Physical Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk Event 
Determination Date and subject to Credit Linked Condition 9(g) (Adjustment following a 
Regulatory Change Event), the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Local 
Access Single Name Credit Linked Note by Delivery to each Noteholder of each Local Access 
Single Name Credit Linked Note’s pro rata share of the LA Settlement Assets by the LA Physical 
Redemption Date and payment to each Noteholder of each Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Note’s pro rata share of the Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount (if any) in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 18(k) (LA Physical Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the 
Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 14 (Scheduled Maturity Date 
Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(iii) 
LA Fixed Recovery Redemption 
LA Fixed Recovery Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Risk Event Redemption 
Method in the relevant Issue Terms. 
If LA Fixed Recovery Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk 
Event Determination Date and subject to Credit Linked Condition 9(g) (Adjustment following a 
Regulatory Change Event), the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Local 
Access Single Name Credit Linked Note on the LA Cash Redemption Date at the LA Cash 
Redemption Amount (if “Credit Payment following Risk Event” occurs) or the Final LA Cash 
Redemption Date at the Final LA Cash Redemption Amount (if “Credit Payment on Maturity” 
occurs) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 17(c) (LA Cash Redemption Terms), 
provided that the LA Cash Redemption Amount shall be determined using the Fixed Recovery 
Percentage specified in the relevant Issue Terms instead of the LA Recovery Amount, as further 
set out in the definition of “LA Cash Redemption Amount” in Credit Linked Condition 30 
(Definitions). 
If the Fixed Recovery Percentage is zero, following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk Event 
Determination Date, the occurrence of the LA Cash Redemption Date or the Final LA Cash 
Redemption Date, as applicable, shall fully and effectively discharge the Issuer’s obligation to 
redeem the Applicable Proportion of the relevant Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in such circumstance, the loss amount in respect of the Affected 
Reference Entity will be deemed to be 100 per cent. and, accordingly, no amounts will be payable 
or assets deliverable to the Noteholders. The Noteholders will bear the loss of their entire 
principal and no liability shall attach to the Issuer. 
Where “Credit Payment following Risk Event” applies, the outstanding portion of such Local 
Access Single Name Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject 
to Credit Linked Condition 14 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity 
Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date.

--- Page 469 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
469 
(g) 
Adjustment following a Regulatory Change Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Regulatory Change Event has occurred or exists, then: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent will, in its sole discretion, determine the amount by which any payment 
due to the Noteholders, or amount of LA Settlement Assets to be Delivered to the Noteholders, 
shall be reduced (provided that, such reduction amount shall be in the currency of the payment 
due or an amount of LA Settlement Assets (rounded down to the nearest denomination of the LA 
Settlement Assets)), as the case may be, and equal to each Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Note’s pro rata share of the Regulatory Change Cost; and 
(ii) 
thereafter notify the Issuer of such adjustments. 
The Issuer shall endeavour to give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 
27 (Notices) of the occurrence of the foregoing event as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(h) 
Tax Deduction Event – Interest 
Unless “Tax Deduction Event – Interest” is specified as not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and 
without duplication to Credit Linked Condition 9(g) (Adjustment following a Regulatory Change Event), 
if the Calculation Agent determines at any time on or prior to the last day of the final Calculation Period 
that there would be an Interest Tax Deduction Amount in respect of a payment of interest (howsoever 
described) in respect of the Reference Investor Assets, then any payment(s) of interest due to the 
Noteholder(s) shall be reduced by an amount that in aggregate is equal in value to the allocable 
proportion of such Interest Tax Deduction Amount, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(i) 
Tax Deduction Event – Principal 
Unless “Tax Deduction Event – Principal” is specified as not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and 
without duplication to Credit Linked Condition 9(g) (Adjustment following a Regulatory Change Event) 
above, if the Calculation Agent determines at any time on or prior to the earlier of (i) the Scheduled 
Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date, as applicable and (ii) an Early Redemption Date, Optional 
Redemption Date or Substitution Event Date, as applicable, which results in the Local Access Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes being early redeemed in full, that there would be a Principal Tax Deduction 
Amount in respect of a payment of principal (howsoever described) in respect of the redemption of the 
Reference Investor Assets, then any payment(s) of principal due to the Noteholder(s) (including any 
Early Redemption Amount, Merger Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount), or amount 
of LA Settlement Assets to be delivered to the Noteholder(s) (rounded down to the nearest denomination 
of the LA Settlement Assets), shall be reduced by an amount that in aggregate is equal in value to the 
allocable proportion of such Principal Tax Deduction Amount, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(j) 
Underlying RMB Illiquidity  
Where “FX Forward Rate” and “Underlying RMB Illiquidity” both apply, all references to “Underlying 
RMB Illiquidity” in the Terms and Conditions will be deemed to refer to “Underlying RMB Illiquidity 
(FX)”.  
10 Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes 
The provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 10 shall not apply to Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-
to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes.

--- Page 470 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
470 
(a) 
Introduction 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes are Credit Linked Notes pursuant to which the Issuer 
purchases credit protection from Noteholders in respect of Reference Investor Assets of two or more 
Reference Entities where such Reference Entities are sovereigns of, or corporates in, a local access 
jurisdiction and where such Reference Investor Assets are held by a Reference Investor in such local 
access jurisdiction. If a Risk Event occurs in respect of a Reference Entity (not affecting the other 
Reference Entity/ies in the basket), such Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed in 
full (if “Redemption in Full” applies) or in part (if “Redemption in Part” applies) to reflect the loss 
suffered in respect of such Affected Reference Entit(y)(ies) and accordingly, Noteholders are not only 
exposed to the credit risk of each Reference Entity in the basket in proportion to its weighting but are 
also exposed to additional risks associated with such local access jurisdictions.   
(b) 
Multiple Relevant Risk Events 
There may be more than one Relevant Risk Event and related Relevant Risk Event Determination Date 
with respect to Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes where Relevant Risk Events and related 
Relevant Risk Event Determination Dates occur in respect of more than one Reference Entity in the 
basket. 
There may also be more than one Relevant Risk Event and related Relevant Risk Event Determination 
Date with respect to a single Reference Entity in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 23 (Successor 
Provisions). 
(c) 
Applicable Proportion 
The Applicable Proportion of a Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note will be equal to the product of: 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination of such Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note; and 
(ii) 
(x) 
if “Redemption in Full” applies to such Credit Linked Notes, 100 per cent. (where no 
successor event has occurred); 
(y)  
if “Redemption in Part” applies to such Credit Linked Notes, an amount (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to (I) the Reference Entity Notional Amount outstanding in respect of 
the relevant Affected Reference Entity immediately prior to the Relevant Risk Event, 
divided by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Local Access Basket Credit 
Linked Notes (where no successor event has occurred); or 
(y) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Local Access Basket Partial 
Nominal Amount divided by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Local 
Access Basket Credit Linked Notes (where partial redemption occurs pursuant to Credit 
Linked Condition 23 (Successor Provisions)). 
(d) 
Impact of Risk Event on Accrual of Interest 
General Condition 5 (Interest) will not be applicable to Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes and 
the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition shall apply instead. 
Following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date: 
(i) 
the payment of the LA Interest Amount corresponding to the LA Interest Payment Date of each 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note will be suspended in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit 
Event or Relevant Risk Event), provided that the Calculation Agent shall determine whether the

--- Page 471 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
471 
payment of the LA Interest Amount for the relevant LA Interest Payment Date need not be 
suspended (due to such payment being unaffected by the potential Risk Event), in which case 
such suspension will not apply and the LA Interest Amount will be payable as usual on the 
relevant LA Interest Payment Date; and 
(ii) 
following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, if the Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes is not reduced to 
zero, the LA Interest Amount will continue to be payable on the relevant LA Interest Payment 
Date as usual (but only to the extent of any apportioned amount following any multiple successor 
determination or other adjustment deemed necessary to give effect to the terms of the Credit 
Linked Conditions as determined by the Calculation Agent) with respect to each Local Access 
Basket Credit Linked Notes to (but excluding in the case of (x) and (y) and including in the case 
of (z)) the earliest to occur of (x) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (y) the Early Redemption Date, 
the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as applicable, which results in the 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full, and (z) the Relevant Risk Event 
Determination Date corresponding to the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date which results 
in the Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full, except that in the case of 
(y) and (z) interest shall be payable if, and only if, the relevant LA Interest Payment Date has 
occurred on or prior to the relevant dates referred to in (y) and (z); and 
(iii) 
where “Credit Payment on Maturity applies”, additional interest shall accrue on the Local Access 
Basket Credit Linked Notes in respect of the Credit Payment on Maturity Amount in accordance 
with Credit Linked Condition 2(f) (Accrual of Interest at Funding Interest Rate following the 
occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event). 
Further, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is defined in the relevant Issue Terms by reference to an LA 
Interest Payment Date, then the Scheduled Maturity Date shall be the date which would have been such 
LA Interest Payment Date notwithstanding that, due to the occurrence of a Risk Event, interest has ceased 
to accrue in accordance in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of 
Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event). 
(e) 
Payment of Accrued Interest 
Where “Interest Accrual on Default” applies, any interest accrued on the Local Access Basket Credit 
Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of Interest 
following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event) from (and including) the 
LA Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Risk Event Determination Date (or if 
there is no LA Interest Payment Date, the Issue Date) to (and including) the Relevant Risk Event 
Determination Date shall be payable on:  
(i) 
if “Credit Payment following Risk Event” applies, a date falling no later than 10 Business Days 
following the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date, provided that interest shall be payable if, 
and only if, the relevant LA Interest Payment Date has occurred prior to the relevant Credit Event 
Redemption Date; 
(ii) 
if “Credit Payment on Maturity” applies, such date as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
provided that interest shall be payable if, and only if, the relevant LA Interest Payment Date has 
occurred prior to the relevant LA Valuation Date and further provided that such date falls no later 
than the date on which the Notes are redeemed in full; 
(iii) 
if the Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early Redemption 
Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as applicable, provided that

--- Page 472 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
472 
interest shall be payable if, and only if, the relevant LA Interest Payment Date has occurred prior 
to the relevant Early Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event 
Date, as applicable; or 
(iv) 
if “LA Physical Redemption” applies, a date falling no later than 10 Business Days following the 
first Delivery Date, provided that interest shall be payable if, and only if, the relevant LA Interest 
Payment Date has occurred prior to the first Delivery Date. 
(f) 
Redemption following a Risk Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase) and unless 
previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk 
Event Determination Date (subject to Credit Linked Condition 10(g) (Adjustment following a Regulatory 
Change Event)), (x) the Issuer will redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Local Access Basket Credit 
Linked Notes in accordance with the “LA Cash Redemption” Risk Event Redemption Method, the “LA 
Physical Redemption” Risk Event Redemption Method or the “LA Fixed Recovery Redemption” Risk 
Event Redemption Method, as specified in the Issue Terms and (y) where a Credit Linked Note is an 
Instalment Note, from (and including) the occurrence of a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, any 
Instalment Redemption Amount(s) relating to such Applicable Proportion that is due and payable on any 
Instalment Date(s) will be disregarded. 
(i) 
LA Cash Redemption 
LA Cash Redemption shall apply where “LA Cash Redemption” is specified as the Risk Event 
Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Risk Event 
If each of (i) “Credit Payment following Risk Event” and (ii) LA Cash Redemption 
applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date and 
subject to Credit Linked Condition 10(g) (Adjustment following a Regulatory Change 
Event), the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Local Access Basket 
Credit Linked Note on the LA Cash Redemption Date at the LA Cash Redemption Amount 
in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 17(c) (LA Cash Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes (if any) as at 
the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 14 (Scheduled 
Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) “Credit Payment on Maturity” and (ii) LA Cash Redemption applies, then 
following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall 
redeem each Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes on the Final LA Cash Redemption 
Date at the Final LA Cash Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 17(c) (LA Cash Redemption Terms). 
(ii) 
LA Physical Redemption 
LA Physical Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Risk Event Redemption Method 
in the relevant Issue Terms.

--- Page 473 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
473 
If LA Physical Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk Event 
Determination Date and subject to Credit Linked Condition 9(g) (Adjustment following a 
Regulatory Change Event), the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Local 
Access Basket Credit Linked Note by Delivery to each Noteholder of each Local Access Basket 
Credit Linked Note’s pro rata share of the LA Settlement Assets by the LA Physical Redemption 
Date and payment to each Noteholder of each Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note’s pro rata 
share of the Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount (if any) in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 18(k) (LA Physical Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the 
Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 14 (Scheduled Maturity Date 
Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(iii) 
LA Fixed Recovery Redemption 
LA Fixed Recovery Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Risk Event Redemption 
Method in the relevant Issue Terms. 
If LA Fixed Recovery Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk 
Event Determination Date and subject to Credit Linked Condition 10(g) (Adjustment following a 
Regulatory Change Event), the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Local 
Access Basket Credit Linked Note on the LA Cash Redemption Date at the LA Cash Redemption 
Amount (if “Credit Payment following Risk Event” occurs) or the Final LA Cash Redemption 
Date at the Final LA Cash Redemption Amount (if “Credit Payment on Maturity” occurs) in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 17(c) (LA Cash Redemption Terms), provided that the 
LA Cash Redemption Amount shall be determined using the Fixed Recovery Percentage specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms instead of the LA Recovery Amount, as further set out in the definition 
of “LA Cash Redemption Amount” in Credit Linked Condition 30 (Definitions). 
If the Fixed Recovery Percentage is zero, following the occurrence of a Relevant Risk Event 
Determination Date, the occurrence of the LA Cash Redemption Date or the Final LA Cash 
Redemption Date, as applicable, shall fully and effectively discharge the Issuer’s obligation to 
redeem the Applicable Proportion of the relevant Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note. For 
the avoidance of doubt, in such circumstance, the loss amount in respect of the Affected Reference 
Entity will be deemed to be 100 per cent. and, accordingly, no amounts will be payable or assets 
deliverable to the Noteholders. The Noteholders will bear the loss of their principal with respect 
to such proportion of the Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes impacted by the Risk Event 
and no liability shall attach to the Issuer. 
Where “Credit Payment following Risk Event” applies, the outstanding portion of such Local 
Access Basket Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to 
Credit Linked Condition 14 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity 
Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(g) 
Adjustment following a Regulatory Change Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Regulatory Change Event has occurred or exists, then: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent will, in its sole discretion, determine the amount by which any payment 
due to the Noteholders, or amount of LA Settlement Assets to be Delivered to the Noteholders, 
shall be reduced (provided that, such reduction amount shall be in the currency of the payment 
due or an amount of LA Settlement Assets (rounded down to the nearest denomination of the LA

--- Page 474 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
474 
Settlement Assets)), as the case may be, and equal to each Local Access Basket Credit Linked 
Note’s pro rata share of the Regulatory Change Cost; and 
(ii) 
thereafter notify the Issuer of such adjustments. 
The Issuer shall endeavour to give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 
27 (Notices) of the occurrence of the foregoing event as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(h) 
Tax Deduction Event – Interest 
Unless “Tax Deduction Event – Interest” is specified as not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and 
without duplication to Credit Linked Condition 9(g) (Adjustment following a Regulatory Change Event), 
if the Calculation Agent determines at any time on or prior to the last day of the final Calculation Period 
that there would be an Interest Tax Deduction Amount in respect of a payment of interest (howsoever 
described) in respect of the Reference Investor Assets, then any payment(s) of interest due to the 
Noteholder(s) shall be reduced by an amount that in aggregate is equal in value to the allocable 
proportion of such Interest Tax Deduction Amount, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(i) 
Tax Deduction Event – Principal 
Unless “Tax Deduction Event – Principal” is specified as not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and 
without duplication to Credit Linked Condition 9(g) (Adjustment following a Regulatory Change Event) 
above, if the Calculation Agent determines at any time on or prior to the earlier of (i) the Scheduled 
Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date, as applicable and (ii) an Early Redemption Date, Optional 
Redemption Date or Substitution Event Date, as applicable, which results in the Local Access Basket 
Credit Linked Notes being early redeemed in full, that there would be a Principal Tax Deduction Amount 
in respect of a payment of principal (howsoever described) in respect of the redemption of the Reference 
Investor Assets, then any payment(s) of principal due to the Noteholder(s) (including any Early 
Redemption Amount, Merger Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount), or amount of LA 
Settlement Assets to be delivered to the Noteholder(s) (rounded down to the nearest denomination of the 
LA Settlement Assets), shall be reduced by an amount that in aggregate is equal in value to the allocable 
proportion of such Principal Tax Deduction Amount, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(j) 
Underlying RMB Illiquidity  
Where “FX Forward Rate” and “Underlying RMB Illiquidity” both apply, all references to “Underlying 
RMB Illiquidity” in the Terms and Conditions will be deemed to refer to “Underlying RMB Illiquidity 
(FX)”. 
(k) 
Reference Registry 
In respect of a Series and the related Reference Registry (setting out the Reference Assets), any reference 
to the “original face amount” of such Reference Assets shall be read as a reference to the aggregate 
principal amount of those Reference Assets. Where the relevant context requires, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, a reference to the Reference Assets may be a reference to a particular Reference Asset 
or to the aggregate of all such Reference Assets then referenced in the Reference Registry and none of 
the Issuer or the Guarantor, nor any of their Affiliates or agents, shall be obliged to hold any Reference 
Assets or pursue any remedies they may have with respect thereto (even if the Issuer or the Guarantor 
or any of their Affiliates or agents transfers any Reference Assets to the Noteholder(s) or refers to the 
market value of the Reference Assets in connection with the satisfaction of the Issuer’s obligations in 
respect of the Notes following the declaration of any Risk Event).

--- Page 475 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
475 
Any reference to a Reference Asset that is immediately followed by a numerical designator (for example, 
“Reference Asset 1”) shall refer to such Reference Asset as so designated in the applicable Issue Terms, 
with the terms as set out in relation to such Reference Asset in the applicable Issue Terms. 
11 Credit Event Notice, Risk Event Notice and Notice of Publicly Available Information 
Noteholders should note that Credit Linked Conditions 11(a) and (b) are specific to Credit Linked Notes in 
respect of which a Credit Event Notice is relevant and will therefore not apply to Local Access Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes. 
(a) 
If a Credit Event Notice and, if “Notice of Publicly Available Information” is specified to be applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, an effective Notice of Publicly Available Information is required to be 
delivered for an effective Notice Delivery Date and related Event Determination Date to occur, and 
accordingly, the Calculation Agent shall deliver the Credit Event Notice and, if applicable, a Notice of 
Publicly Available Information to the Issuer. The Issuer shall, upon receipt of such notice(s), forward 
them to the Fiscal Agent to make available to the Noteholders in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 27 (Notices). 
(b) 
If a Credit Event Notice and where applicable, a Notice of Publicly Available Information is not required 
to be delivered in order for an Event Determination Date to occur, the Calculation Agent shall give 
written notice not less than five Business Days prior to the date for redemption or writedown, as 
applicable, of the Credit Linked Notes (or a portion thereof) containing the same information required 
to be included in a Credit Event Notice and if applicable, a Notice of Publicly Available Information to 
the Issuer. The Issuer shall, upon receipt of such notice(s), forward them to the Fiscal Agent for delivery 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 27 (Notices). 
(c) 
The Calculation Agent’s determination of a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, will, in the absence 
of manifest error, be final, conclusive and binding on all persons (including, without limitation, the Fiscal 
Agent and each Noteholder). 
(d) 
None of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Fiscal Agent or one or more of their respective affiliates 
will have any liability whatsoever for the failure of the Calculation Agent for any reason to determine 
that a Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, has occurred or with respect to the Calculation Agent 
or the Issuer’s timing as to when to deliver a Credit Event Notice or Risk Event Notice, as applicable, 
and where applicable, a Notice of Publicly Available Information nor will they have any duty or 
responsibility to investigate or check whether any Credit Event or Risk Event, as applicable, has, or may 
have, occurred or may be continuing. 
12 Relevant Time 
(a) 
Event timing 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 27 (Notices) and Credit Linked Condition 12(b) (Payment timing), 
in order to determine the day on which an event occurs for the purposes of these Credit Linked 
Conditions, the demarcation of days shall be made by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or Tokyo 
time if the Calculation Agent determines that Tokyo time is the market convention with respect to the 
relevant Reference Entity), irrespective of the time zone in which such event occurred. Any event 
occurring at midnight shall be deemed to have occurred immediately prior to midnight.

--- Page 476 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
476 
(b) 
Payment timing 
Notwithstanding the definition of “Credit Event Notice” or “Risk Event Notice” and Credit Linked 
Condition 12(a) (Event timing), if a payment is not made by the relevant Reference Entity on its due date 
or, as the case may be, on the final day of the relevant Grace Period, then such failure to make a payment 
shall be deemed to have occurred on such day prior to midnight Greenwich Mean Time (or Tokyo time 
if the Calculation Agent determines that Tokyo time is the market convention with respect to the relevant 
Reference Entity), irrespective of the time zone of its place of payment. 
13 Event Determination Date – Adjustment Payment and Ordering of Events 
(a) 
Occurrence of Event Determination Date 
If, following the determination of an Event Determination Date, such Event Determination Date is 
deemed by the Calculation Agent and/or the Issuer (i) to have occurred on a date that is different from 
the date that was originally determined to be the Event Determination Date, (ii) not to have occurred, or 
(iii) to have occurred prior to a preceding Interest Payment Date (or, if applicable, LA Interest Payment 
Date), then: 
(A) 
in respect of the event specified at (ii) only, where the Credit Linked Notes have not already been 
redeemed or written down in full, the redemption or writedown of the Credit Linked Notes shall 
be cancelled and the Credit Linked Notes shall continue in accordance with their terms as if the 
relevant Event Determination Date had not occurred; and 
(B) 
in respect of any of the events specified at (i), (ii) or (iii) above, the Calculation Agent will, in its 
sole and absolute discretion, determine (I) the adjustment payment, if any, that is payable to 
Noteholders to reflect any change that may be necessary to the amount previously calculated 
and/or paid in respect of the relevant Series; and (II) the date on which such adjustment payment 
is payable, if any and thereafter notify the Issuer of such adjustments. For the avoidance of doubt, 
no accruals of interest shall be taken into account when calculating any such adjustment payment, 
and in the case of (iii) above, subject to Credit Linked Condition 2 (Interest on Credit Linked 
Notes). 
The Issuer shall endeavour to give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 
27 (Notices) of the occurrence of any of the foregoing events as soon as practicable thereafter without 
the consent of Noteholders being required to make the above adjustments. 
(b) 
Ordering of Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date following multiple Credit 
Events or Risk Events 
If an Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, occurs in respect of 
more than one Reference Entity, if applicable, on the same day, the occurrence of the Event 
Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, will be determined chronologically 
in the order that either of the following events occurred with respect to such Reference Entity/ies: 
(i) 
the Credit Event Resolution Request Date (provided that if a Credit Event Resolution Request 
Date occurs in respect of more than one such Reference Entity on the same day, the first Reference 
Entity in respect of which the DC Secretary announces that the relevant DC Credit Event 
Question was effective and the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was in 
possession of the relevant Publicly Available Information with respect to such DC Credit Event 
Question will be deemed to have satisfied this condition first) (a “DC-determined EDD”); or

--- Page 477 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
477 
(ii) 
the delivery of the Credit Event Notice or Risk Event Notice, as applicable (provided that if any 
of the relevant Credit Event Notices or Risk Event Notices, as applicable, are delivered at the 
same time, in a sequential order determined by the Calculation Agent) (a “Notice-determined 
EDD”), 
provided that: 
(A) 
if a Notice-determined EDD is amended by the occurrence of a DC-determined EDD, the DC-
determined EDD will govern;  
(B) 
if both (x) one or more DC-determined EDDs and (y) one or more Notice-determined EDDs 
occur on the same day, any such DC-determined EDD shall be deemed to have occurred prior to 
any such Notice-determined EDD, notwithstanding the exact time of the occurrence of such 
events on such day; and 
(C) 
if an M(M)R Restructuring has occurred and a Credit Event Notice is delivered following a DC 
Credit Event Announcement, the Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event 
Determination Date shall be construed as having occurred under Credit Linked Condition 13(b)(i) 
instead of Credit Linked Condition 13(b)(ii).  
14 Scheduled Maturity Date Extension 
Where the Calculation Agent determines on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, that: 
(I) 
one or more Reference Entities: 
(x) 
may be subject to (A) a Credit Event or (B) a Risk Event, as applicable; 
(y) 
is or may be subject to a Potential Failure to Pay, if “Grace Period Extension” is specified as 
being applicable in the relevant Issue Terms; or 
(z) 
is or may be subject to a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, if “Repudiation/Moratorium” is 
specified as being applicable in the relevant Issue Terms;  
(II) 
a Credit Event Notice or Risk Event Notice, as applicable, may be delivered after the Scheduled Maturity 
Date within an effective delivery period which may result in a Relevant Event Determination Date or a 
Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, occurring; 
(III) 
a Credit Event Resolution Request Date may occur after the Scheduled Maturity Date but during the 
Notice Delivery Period which may result in a Relevant Event Determination Date occurring; 
(IV) 
the final Credit Event Redemption Date in relation to any Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event, 
as applicable, or the Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date in relation to any Physical Redemption, 
as applicable, will only occur after the Scheduled Maturity Date (including any final Partial Cash 
Redemption Date or final Fallback Cash Redemption Date, as applicable); 
(V) 
a Payment Failure Cut-Off Date in relation to a Payment/Delivery Failure Event may occur after the 
Scheduled Maturity Date; or 
(VI) 
an RMB Currency Settlement Cut-Off Date may occur after the Scheduled Maturity Date, 
it shall notify the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent. The Issuer shall then notify the Noteholders and the Credit Linked 
Notes then outstanding shall not be redeemed on the Scheduled Maturity Date but shall instead be redeemed on 
the Extended Maturity Date.

--- Page 478 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
478 
If any amount is payable on the Scheduled Maturity Date of a Credit Linked Note (including any interest 
payment) to which the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 14 apply, such amount shall fall due on the 
Extended Maturity Date and shall be payable without any interest or other sum payable in respect of the 
postponement of the payment of such amount. 
15 M(M)R Restructuring 
Noteholders should note that this Credit Linked Condition 15 does not apply to Local Access Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes. 
For the purposes of this Credit Linked Condition 15, the definitions of “Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount” and “Reference Entity Notional Amount” shall be construed in accordance with the provisions set out 
in Credit Linked Condition 23 (Successor Provisions) where apportionment of calculation amounts as a result 
of multiple successors being identified is to be applied. 
(a) 
Credit Event Notice after an M(M)R Restructuring 
Upon the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring, the Calculation Agent may deliver multiple Credit 
Event Notices with respect to such M(M)R Restructuring to the Issuer (who shall forward such notice(s) 
to the Fiscal Agent for onward delivery to the Noteholders), each such Credit Event Notice specifying 
either (i) the amount of the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes to which 
such Credit Event Notice applies or (ii) the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Affected Reference 
Entity, to which such Credit Event Notice applies as applicable, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
which may: 
(I) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Nth-to-Default Basket Credit 
Linked Notes, be less than the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked 
Notes; or 
(II) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit 
Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, 
may be less than the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Affected Reference Entity, 
(such amounts specified in the Credit Event Notice, the “Exercise Amount”), provided that if the Credit 
Event Notice does not specify an Exercise Amount, then: 
(A) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Nth-to-Default Basket Credit 
Linked Notes, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes 
immediately prior to the delivery of such Credit Event Notice; or 
(B) 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit 
Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, 
the relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount outstanding in respect of the Affected Reference 
Entity immediately prior to the delivery of such Credit Event Notice,  
in either case, as determined by the Calculation Agent will be deemed to have been specified as the 
Exercise Amount. 
Accordingly, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Credit Linked Conditions, where an 
M(M)R Restructuring has occurred and a Credit Event Notice has been delivered for an Exercise Amount 
that is less than (i) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes, or (ii) the 
Reference Entity Notional Amount outstanding in respect of the Affected Reference Entity, in each case, 
as at the date immediately prior to the delivery of such Credit Event Notice, the provisions of these

--- Page 479 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
479 
Credit Linked Conditions shall be deemed to apply to a principal amount of the Credit Linked Notes 
equal to the Exercise Amount only and all the relevant provisions shall be construed accordingly. 
(b) 
Redemption of Credit Linked Notes following partial exercise 
If a Credit Event Notice has been delivered in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring that specifies an 
Exercise Amount that (x) in the case of Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Nth-to-Default Basket 
Credit Linked Notes, is less than the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes 
or, (y) in the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, specifies an Exercise Amount 
that is less than the Affected Reference Entity’s Reference Entity Notional Amount, then: 
(i) 
the relevant provisions of Credit Linked Conditions 3 (Single Name Credit Linked Notes), 4 (Nth-
to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes), 5 (Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes), 6 (Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes), 7 (Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes) and 8 (Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes) relating to the redemption or writedown of Credit Linked Notes 
shall apply to the Exercise Amount, including for the purposes of calculating the relevant Credit 
Event Redemption Amount or the Physical Redemption Assets to be Delivered to Noteholders or, 
in the case of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, 
for the purposes of calculating the relevant Loss Amount, Recovery Amount and corresponding 
Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount, Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount, Portfolio 
Tranched Incurred Loss Amount or Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount, as applicable. 
In such circumstances, the Calculation Agent may adjust such provisions of the Credit Linked 
Conditions and/or relevant Issue Terms as it determines appropriate to take account of this Credit 
Linked Condition 15, including the basis of the calculation of any Credit Event Redemption 
Amount, the Principal Writedown Amount or the Physical Redemption Assets to be Delivered to 
Noteholders; 
(ii) 
following any payment of a relevant Credit Event Redemption Amount or Delivery of the 
Physical Redemption Assets to Noteholders or any other determination made in respect of any 
Exercise Amount, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount or Reference Entity Notional 
Amount (as applicable) for the relevant Affected Reference Entity shall (in all cases without 
double counting) be reduced by an amount equal to the Exercise Amount (and for the avoidance 
of doubt, where applicable, the aggregate of the Reference Entity Notional Amounts shall be 
reduced accordingly). The Credit Linked Notes shall remain outstanding in an amount equal to 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount and interest (if applicable) shall accrue on the 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount as provided for in General Condition 5 (Interest) and 
the Calculation Agent may thereafter deliver one or more further Credit Event Notices in respect 
of such Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount to which the Credit Linked Conditions shall 
continue to apply; and 
(iii) 
the Calculation Agent may adjust the provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions and/or the 
relevant Issue Terms in such manner as it may determine to be appropriate to account for such 
event. 
(c) 
Subsequent Credit Events 
For the avoidance of doubt (i) in the case of an Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Note, once an 
M(M)R Restructuring has occurred in respect of the nth Reference Entity, no further Credit Event 
Notices may be delivered in respect of any Reference Entity other than the Affected Reference Entity 
that was the subject of the first occurring Restructuring Credit Event; and (ii) in the case of a Credit

--- Page 480 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
480 
Linked Note subject to multiple successor determinations or a Linear Basket Credit Linked Note, an 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Note, an Index Tranched Credit Linked Note or a Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Note, the fact that a Restructuring Credit Event has occurred in respect of a Reference 
Entity shall not preclude delivery of a Credit Event Notice in respect of any other Reference Entity. 
(d) 
Endorsement of Global Registered Note Certificate to reflect partial redemption 
If the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 15 apply in respect of the Credit Linked Notes, on any 
redemption of part of each such Credit Linked Note, the relevant Credit Linked Note or, if the Credit 
Linked Notes are represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate, such Global Registered Note 
Certificate, shall be endorsed to reflect such part redemption on the relevant Credit Event Redemption 
Date. 
(e) 
Exercise Amount 
The Exercise Amount in connection with a Credit Event Notice describing an M(M)R Restructuring 
must be (i) an amount that is at least 1,000,000 units of the Settlement Currency (or, if Yen, 100,000,000 
units) or an integral multiple thereof; or (ii) the entire Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Credit Linked Notes or the entire Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Affected Reference Entity, 
as applicable. 
The Exercise Amount must be an amount that (x) in the case of Single Name Credit Linked Notes or 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, is not greater than the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount, or (y) in the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, is not greater than the 
Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Affected Reference Entity.  
The Exercise Amount shall be determined in the sole discretion of the Calculation Agent. 
16 Auction Redemption Terms 
(a) 
Fallback Redemption 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 22(d) (Redemption Suspension), if the Calculation Agent determines 
with respect to a Credit Event and any relevant Applicable DC Credit Event Question, Applicable 
Resolution and/or Applicable Auction, that: 
(i) 
an Auction Cancellation Date has occurred;  
(ii) 
a No Auction Announcement Date has occurred (and, in circumstances where such No Auction 
Announcement Date occurs pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 16(a) or sub-paragraphs (b) 
or (c)(ii) under the definition of “No Auction Announcement Date”, the Calculation Agent has 
not exercised the Movement Option);  
(iii) 
a No Auction Announcement Date has occurred but the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has not determined that one or more Auctions will be held in 
accordance with any Transaction Auction Settlement Terms or, if applicable, Parallel Auction 
Settlement Terms;  
(iv) 
a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal occurs; or  
(v) 
a Relevant Event Determination Date was determined pursuant to the definition of “Standard 
Event Determination Date” or pursuant to sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of “Non-Standard

--- Page 481 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
481 
Event Determination Date”, and no Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred on or 
prior to the date falling three Business Days after such Relevant Event Determination Date, or  
(vi) 
a Relevant Event Determination Date was determined pursuant to sub-paragraph (b)(ii)(B)(II)(2) 
of the definition of “Non-Standard Event Determination Date”, 
then, the Fallback Redemption Method shall apply and the Issuer shall redeem each Credit Linked Note 
in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 17 (Cash Redemption Terms) (if Cash Redemption is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the Fallback Redemption Method) or in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 18 (Physical Redemption Terms) (if “Physical Redemption” is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms as the Fallback Redemption Method). 
(b) 
Movement Option 
If “Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation Applicable” or “Modified 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation Applicable” is specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms and the Calculation Agent determines in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring 
that a No Auction Announcement Date has occurred pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) or (c)(ii) of the 
definition of “No Auction Announcement Date”, the Calculation Agent may elect in its sole and absolute 
discretion to deliver a Notice to Exercise Movement Option to the Issuer (who will then send a 
subsequent notice to the Fiscal Agent for onward delivery to the Noteholders) at any time on or prior to 
the Movement Option Cut-off Date. If a Notice to Exercise Movement Option is so delivered, then any 
redemption of the Credit Linked Notes shall be effected by the Issuer by payment of the relevant Auction 
Redemption Amount on the relevant Auction Redemption Date(or, if “Credit Payment on Maturity” 
applies, by payment of the Final Auction Redemption Amount on the Final Auction Redemption Date), 
as applicable, and any such redemption and/or writedown of the Credit Linked Notes shall be determined 
on the basis of the Auction Final Price determined by reference to the relevant Parallel Auction identified 
by the Calculation Agent in the Notice to Exercise Movement Option. If a Notice to Exercise Movement 
Option is delivered by the Calculation Agent, all references in these Credit Linked Conditions to 
“Applicable Auction”, “Applicable Auction Settlement Terms”, “Auction Cancellation Date” and 
“Auction Final Price Determination Date” shall be deemed to be references to the “Parallel Auction”, 
“Parallel Auction Settlement Terms” and “Parallel Auction Cancellation Date” and the terms of these 
Credit Linked Conditions shall be construed accordingly. 
(c) 
Auction Final Price of the Asset Package 
If an Asset Package Credit Event has occurred and the Auction Final Price for the Applicable Auction 
reflects the entire relevant Asset Package in respect of the Prior Deliverable Obligation(s) or Package 
Observable Bond(s), as applicable (including any cash forming part of the Asset Package and the Asset 
Market Value of any Non-Financial Instrument or Non-Transferable Instrument), the Auction 
Redemption Amount, Final Auction Redemption Amount, Loss Amount or Recovery Amount 
(calculated for the purpose of determining the Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount, the Index 
Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount (if any), Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount or the Portfolio 
Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount (if any), as applicable), as applicable), shall be determined using 
such Auction Final Price. 
(d) 
Delivery of Auction Redemption Amount Notice 
Regardless of whether “Credit Payment on Maturity” or “Credit Payment Following Credit Event” 
applies, following the Auction Final Price Determination Date, the Calculation Agent shall deliver the 
Auction Redemption Amount Notice to the Issuer and the Issuer shall deliver the Auction Redemption 
Amount Notice to the Fiscal Agent no later than five Business Days following the Auction Final Price

--- Page 482 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
482 
Determination Date. The Fiscal Agent shall then, as soon as reasonably practicable, deliver the Auction 
Redemption Amount Notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 27 
(Notices). 
In the case of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the 
Calculation Agent will inform the Issuer, for notification to the Fiscal Agent and the Noteholders, as 
soon as reasonably practicable following the determination thereof of (i) any Loss Amount or Recovery 
Amount in respect of an Affected Reference Entity, irrespective of whether the Aggregate Loss Amount 
or Aggregate Recovery Amount (if any), as applicable, is less than or equal to the Loss Threshold 
Amount or Recovery Threshold Amount, respectively, and (ii) any Index Tranched Incurred Loss 
Amount and/or Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount or Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount 
and/or Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount in respect of an Affected Reference Entity.  
17 Cash Redemption Terms 
(a) 
Determination of Final Price 
(i) 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 22(d) (Redemption Suspension), on the Valuation Date, the 
Calculation Agent shall commence determination of the Final Price using the Valuation 
Obligation to be valued.  
(ii) 
If: 
(I) 
“Include Accrued Interest” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Valuation Obligation shall include accrued but unpaid interest; 
(II) 
“Exclude Accrued Interest” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Valuation Obligation shall not include accrued but unpaid 
interest; or 
(III) 
neither “Include Accrued Interest” nor “Exclude Accrued Interest” is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine, based on the then current 
market practice in the market of the Valuation Obligation whether the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Valuation Obligation shall include or exclude accrued but unpaid 
interest and, if applicable, the amount thereof. 
(b) 
Delivery of Cash Redemption Amount Notice 
Regardless of whether “Credit Payment on Maturity” or “Credit Payment Following Credit Event” 
applies, the Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, after obtaining all Quotations for 
a Valuation Date and determining the Final Price (such date of determination, the “Final Price 
Determination Date”), provide the Issuer with a Cash Redemption Amount Notice. The Issuer shall 
deliver the Cash Redemption Amount Notice to the Fiscal Agent no later than five Business Days 
following the Final Price Determination Date. The Fiscal Agent shall then, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, deliver the Cash Redemption Amount Notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 27 (Notices). 
In the case of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the 
Calculation Agent will inform the Issuer, for notification to the Fiscal Agent and the Noteholders, as 
soon as reasonably practicable following the determination thereof of (i) any Loss Amount or Recovery 
Amount in respect of an Affected Reference Entity, irrespective of whether the Aggregate Loss Amount 
or Aggregate Recovery Amount (if any), as applicable, is less than or equal to the Loss Threshold

--- Page 483 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
483 
Amount or Recovery Threshold Amount, respectively, and (ii) any incurred Loss Amount or incurred 
Recovery Amount in respect of an Affected Reference Entity. 
If an Asset Package Credit Event has occurred, (A) valuation of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or 
Package Observable Bond may be satisfied by valuation of the related Asset Package and such Asset 
Package shall be treated as having the same currency and Outstanding Principal Balance as that of the 
Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as applicable, to which it corresponds 
immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event and (B) if the Asset Package is zero, a Quotation 
shall be deemed to have been obtained for the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Prior Deliverable 
Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as applicable, equal to zero. 
(c) 
LA Cash Redemption Terms 
(i) 
Provision of Risk Event Notice 
Following the determination of a Relevant Risk Event by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation 
Agent shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, deliver a Risk Event Notice to the Issuer, who 
shall thereafter forward such notice to the Fiscal Agent. The Fiscal Agent shall then, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, but not later than the LA Cash Redemption Date, deliver the Risk Event 
Notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 27 (Notices). 
(ii) 
Determination of LA Recovery Amount 
The Calculation Agent shall determine the LA Recovery Amount on the LA Valuation Date. 
18 Physical Redemption Terms  
(a) 
Delivery of Physical Redemption Assets 
(i) 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 22(d) (Redemption Suspension) and notwithstanding anything 
to the contrary in General Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase), and unless previously 
redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, if (a) Physical Redemption is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms or (b) Physical Redemption is applicable 
as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked Condition 16 (Auction Redemption 
Terms) requires that the Issuer redeems the Credit Linked Notes in accordance with this Credit 
Linked Condition 18 following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the 
Applicable Proportion of each Credit Linked Note, shall, subject to and in accordance with this 
Credit Linked Condition 18, be redeemed by, in respect of each Noteholder: (i) Delivery (at the 
risk of the relevant Noteholder) of the Physical Redemption Assets specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, on or prior to the Physical 
Redemption Date in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 18(b) (Physical Redemption 
Assets), and (ii) payment of the Partial Cash Redemption Amount or Fallback Cash Redemption 
Amount (if applicable) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 18(i) (Partial Cash 
Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) or any Asset Package Cash 
Redemption Amount (where applicable) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 18(j)(iii) 
(Asset Package Delivery), pursuant to which the Issuer’s obligations in respect of the redemption 
of the Applicable Proportion of each Credit Linked Note shall be fully and effectively discharged.  
(ii) 
In respect of Credit Linked Notes that are only partially redeemed, the remaining portion of each 
Credit Linked Note which is not so redeemed shall be redeemed on the later of (i) the later to 
occur of (a) the Scheduled Maturity Date and (b) the Extended Maturity Date, as applicable, at

--- Page 484 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
484 
the Maturity Redemption Amount, and (ii) where the Credit Linked Notes early redeem in full, 
the Early Redemption Date, Optional Redemption Date or Substitution Event Date, as applicable. 
(iii) 
In order for the Credit Linked Notes to be redeemed in accordance with this Credit Linked 
Condition 18: 
(A) 
Upon receiving notification of the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event and a 
corresponding Notice of Physical Settlement from the Calculation Agent, the Issuer shall 
forward the relevant Credit Event Notice and such Notice of Physical Settlement to the 
Fiscal Agent for onward delivery to the Noteholders in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 27 (Notices) as soon as practicable and, in any case, prior to the relevant 
Physical Redemption Date. 
(B) 
The Calculation Agent may, at any time, deliver to the Issuer a NOPS Amendment Notice 
stating that the Issuer would be replacing, in whole or in part, the Deliverable Obligations 
specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or a prior NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable, which such notice shall be sent to the Fiscal Agent for onward delivery to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 27 (Notices). 
(C) 
The relevant Noteholder shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent (and where the relevant Credit 
Linked Note is in definitive form, to the Registrar), prior to 3.00 p.m. (London) on the 10th 
Business Day following the date of effective delivery by the Fiscal Agent of the Notice of 
Physical Settlement to the Noteholders and, if relevant, any NOPS Amendment Notice, a 
duly completed notice in writing (a “Deliverable Obligation Notice”): 
(I) 
in the case of Credit Linked Notes represented by a Global Registered Note 
Certificate, specifying the Series number of the Credit Linked Notes which is the 
subject of the Deliverable Obligation Notice; 
(II) 
including such details as are required for the transfer or assignment of the Physical 
Redemption Assets which may include, without limitation, (a) the name, address 
and/or details of the relevant Noteholder’s (or the Noteholder’s designee’s) account 
at Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear or DTC, as applicable (the “Relevant 
Clearing System”), to be debited with such Physical Redemption Assets and/or 
any bank, broker, agent or designee of the Noteholder to whom documents 
evidencing the transfer of Physical Redemption Assets to be delivered; and (b) 
irrevocably instructing and authorising the Relevant Clearing Systems to debit the 
relevant Noteholder’s account to complete Delivery; 
(III) 
specifying the name and details of the account to which the Partial Cash 
Redemption Amount, Fallback Cash Redemption Amount or Asset Package Cash 
Redemption Amount (in each case, if any) is to be credited; 
(IV) 
containing an acknowledgment that an amount equal to each Credit Linked Note’s 
pro rata share of all Unwind Costs, Delivery Expenses or Interest Suspension 
Shortfall Amount (in each case, if any) shall be deducted from the Outstanding 
Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount; 
(V) 
certifying, either (i) in respect of Credit Linked Notes represented by a Regulation 
S Global Registered Note Certificate, that the beneficial owner of each such Credit 
Linked Note is not a U.S. person (as defined in the Deliverable Obligation Notice), 
the Note is not being redeemed within the United States or on behalf of a U.S. 
person and no cash, notes or other property have been or will be delivered within

--- Page 485 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
485 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person in connection 
with any redemption thereof; or (ii) in respect of Credit Linked Notes represented 
by a Rule 144A Global Registered Note Certificate, that the beneficial owner of 
each such Credit Linked Note is a QIB; 
(VI) 
authorising the production of such certification in any applicable administrative or 
legal proceedings, as provided in the Fiscal Agency Agreement; 
(VII) if the Credit Linked Notes are in definitive form, including the definitive Credit 
Linked Notes;  
(VIII) providing a Euroclear screenshot of each Noteholder’s holdings; and 
(IX) 
containing a confirmation that the Credit Linked Notes will not be transferred until 
Delivery is completed, subject in any case to any transfer restrictions. 
(iv) 
Forms of the Deliverable Obligation Notice will be delivered to the Noteholders together with 
the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable. 
(v) 
No Deliverable Obligation Notice may be withdrawn after receipt thereof by the Relevant 
Clearing System, the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, as provided 
above. After delivery of a Deliverable Obligation Notice (i) such relevant Noteholder or its 
designee (on its behalf), as applicable, shall be the only person entitled to delivery of its portion 
of the Physical Redemption Assets, and as such (ii) the relevant Noteholder may not transfer the 
Credit Linked Notes which are the subject of such notice. 
(vi) 
Failure to properly complete and deliver a Deliverable Obligation Notice may result in such 
notice being treated as null and void and deemed to not have been provided. Any determination 
as to whether such notice has been properly completed and delivered as provided in these Credit 
Linked Conditions shall be made by the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or the Fiscal Agent, on the 
Issuer’s behalf, and shall be conclusive and binding on the relevant Noteholder. 
(vii) 
Delivery of the Physical Redemption Assets and payment of the Partial Cash Redemption 
Amount or Fallback Cash Redemption Amount (in each case, if any) in respect of each 
Noteholder shall be made by the Issuer in accordance with the details specified in the applicable 
Deliverable Obligation Notice. 
(b) 
Physical Redemption Assets 
(i) 
Subject to this Credit Linked Condition 18(b), the Issuer may only Deliver the Deliverable 
Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable. 
(ii) 
Until the date on which the Physical Redemption Assets have been fully Delivered, the Issuer or 
any other person (including the Issuer’s Affiliates) will continue to be the legal holder of the 
Deliverable Obligations comprising the Physical Redemption Assets. None of the Issuer nor any 
such other person will (A) be under any obligation to deliver or procure delivery to any 
Noteholder or any other person any letter, certificate, notice, circular or any other document or 
payment whatsoever received by the Issuer or that other person in its capacity as legal holder of 
such Deliverable Obligations, (B) be under any obligation to exercise or procure exercise of any 
or all rights (including voting rights) attaching to such Deliverable Obligations comprising the 
Physical Redemption Assets, (C) be under any liability to such Noteholder or any other person in 
respect of any loss or damage which such Noteholder or other person may sustain or suffer as a

--- Page 486 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
486 
result, whether directly or indirectly, of the Issuer or any other person being the legal holder of 
such Deliverable Obligations comprising the Physical Redemption Assets, or (D) have any 
liability whatsoever to any Noteholder or any other person if, as a result of a Payment/Delivery 
Failure Event or pursuant to any of Credit Linked Conditions 18(c) (Election to deliver alternative 
amount of Deliverable Obligations/Hedge Disruption Obligation) to 18(h) (Alternative 
Procedures Relating to Loans not Delivered) (both inclusive) or Credit Linked Condition 18(j)(v) 
(Asset Package Delivery), it is unable to effect Delivery of any Deliverable Obligations 
comprising the Physical Redemption Assets and the obligations hereunder shall be satisfied by 
partial cash settlement or fallback cash redemption (if applicable) or shall cease, and be deemed 
to be fully discharged in accordance with the Credit Linked Conditions. 
(iii) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that all or any part of the Physical Redemption Assets that 
would be required to be Delivered to a Noteholder is not a whole integral multiple of the smallest 
unit of transfer for any such Physical Redemption Assets at the relevant time of Delivery, the 
Issuer will Deliver and such Noteholder will only be entitled to receive such portion of the 
Physical Redemption Assets specified by the Issuer which is as large a size as possible (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, after consideration of such smallest unit or units of transfer 
and application of rounding to such amount, whether upwards or downwards to the nearest unit 
of transfer, in its sole discretion). Any portion of the Physical Redemption Assets not so delivered 
shall be deemed to have a value of zero and the Issuer’s obligations to the Noteholders in respect 
of such portion shall be fully and effectively discharged.  
(c) 
Election to deliver alternative amount of Deliverable Obligations/Hedge Disruption Obligation 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Credit Linked Condition 18(a) (Delivery of Physical 
Redemption Assets), the Issuer may elect to Deliver to Noteholders Deliverable Obligations with an 
Outstanding Principal Balance or a Due and Payable Amount, as applicable (or the equivalent Currency 
Amount of any such amount), that is (i) greater than, or (ii) less than, that which each Noteholder would 
otherwise have been entitled to receive by way of Physical Redemption Assets.  
If: 
(i) 
the Issuer exercises its election pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 18(c); or  
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent determines that the Deliverable Obligations set out in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, cannot be Delivered due to an 
event (including, without limitation, any delay in settlement of any Applicable Auction) which 
results in the Issuer and/or its Affiliates not receiving the relevant Deliverable Obligations under 
its Hedging Positions (such obligations which cannot be Delivered, a “Hedge Disruption 
Obligation”),  
the Issuer may attempt to continue to Deliver without prejudice to the provisions set out in Credit Linked 
Condition 18(a) (Delivery of Physical Redemption Assets) and the Calculation Agent may (but is not 
obliged to) after taking into account costs to the Issuer, including the trading price of any alternative 
Deliverable Obligation, provide notice to the Issuer (which shall be forwarded to the Fiscal Agent for 
onward delivery to Noteholders) that alternative Deliverable Obligation(s) will be delivered in lieu of 
any other Deliverable Obligation specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment 
Notice, as applicable, satisfying on the Physical Redemption Date and the Delivery Date, each of the 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the relevant Issue Terms and otherwise 
satisfying the requirements to constitute a Deliverable Obligation (and such instrument shall be deemed

--- Page 487 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
487 
specified in the NOPS Amendment Notice which will be effective notwithstanding the fact that it is 
deemed specified after the Physical Redemption Date).  
If no Delivery has been completed on or prior to the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, Cash 
Redemption shall be deemed to apply instead pursuant to the fallback cash redemption terms in Credit 
Linked Condition 18(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) with 
respect to the Deliverable Obligations that cannot be Delivered and the Issuer shall pay to each 
Noteholder each Credit Linked Note’s pro rata share of the Fallback Cash Redemption Amount on the 
Fallback Cash Redemption Date. For such purpose, the Deliverable Obligations that cannot be Delivered 
(including the Hedge Disruption Obligations) shall constitute an “Undelivered Deliverable Obligation” 
for the purposes of the application of Credit Linked Condition 18(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms 
and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms). 
(d) 
Partial Cash Redemption due to Impossibility or Illegality  
If, due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer, it is impossible or illegal for the Issuer to Deliver, or 
due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer it is impossible or illegal for any Noteholder to accept 
Delivery of, any of the Deliverable Obligations (other than a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package 
Observable Bond if an Asset Package Credit Event has occurred) specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, on the Physical Redemption Date (including, 
without limitation, failure of the relevant clearance system or due to any law, regulation or court order, 
but excluding market conditions or the failure to obtain any requisite consent with respect to the Delivery 
of Loans), then on or before such date:  
(i) 
the Issuer shall Deliver and the Noteholder shall take Delivery of any of the Deliverable 
Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable, for which it is possible and legal to take Delivery; and  
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent shall provide a description in reasonable detail of the facts giving rise to 
such impossibility or illegality and, as soon as practicable thereafter, the Issuer shall Deliver and 
the Noteholder shall take Delivery of the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice as applicable which were not delivered on the 
Delivery Date. 
The date on which the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, which were not Delivered and are subsequently Delivered shall be 
the date on which the Issuer is deemed to have completed Delivery of the Deliverable Obligations 
specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, relating to 
the Relevant Credit Event.  
If following the occurrence of any such impossibility or illegality, the amount of Deliverable Obligations 
that are to be Delivered as specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment 
Notice, as applicable, are not delivered to the Noteholders on or prior to the Latest Permissible Physical 
Settlement Date, then Cash Redemption in accordance with the partial cash redemption terms in Credit 
Linked Condition 18(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) shall 
apply with respect to the Deliverable Obligations that cannot be Delivered (the “Undeliverable 
Obligations”).

--- Page 488 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
488 
(e) 
Partial Cash Redemption of Consent Required Loans 
If: 
(i) 
the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment 
Notice include Consent Required Loans that, due to the non-receipt of any requisite consents, are 
not, on the Physical Redemption Date, capable of being assigned or novated to the Noteholder or 
its designee, as applicable, and such consents are not obtained or deemed given by the Latest 
Permissible Physical Settlement Date; and 
(ii) 
“Direct Loan Participation” is not specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic in the 
relevant Issue Terms, or “Direct Loan Participation” is specified as a Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic in the relevant Issue Terms and the relevant participation is not effected on or 
before the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, 
Cash Redemption pursuant to the partial cash redemption terms in Credit Linked Condition 18(i) (Partial 
Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) shall be deemed to apply to the Credit 
Linked Notes with respect to the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement 
or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, that consist of Consent Required Loans for which consents 
are not obtained or deemed given (the “Undeliverable Loan Obligations”). 
(f) 
Partial Cash Redemption of Assignable Loans 
If: 
(i) 
the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment 
Notice include Assignable Loans that, due to the non-receipt of any requisite consents, are not, 
on the Physical Redemption Date, capable of being assigned or novated to the Noteholder or its 
designee, as applicable, and such consents are not obtained or deemed given by the Latest 
Permissible Physical Settlement Date; and 
(ii) 
“Direct Loan Participation” is not specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic in the 
relevant Issue Terms, or “Direct Loan Participation” is specified as a Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic in the relevant Issue Terms and the relevant participation is not effected on or 
before the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, 
Cash Redemption pursuant to the partial cash redemption terms in Credit Linked Condition 18(i) (Partial 
Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) shall be deemed to apply to the Credit 
Linked Notes with respect to the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement 
or last NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, that consist of Assignable Loans for which consents are 
not obtained or deemed given (the “Unassignable Obligations”). 
(g) 
Partial Cash Redemption of Participations 
If the Deliverable Obligations include Direct Loan Participations and the relevant participation is not 
effected on or before the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, Cash Redemption pursuant to the 
partial cash redemption terms in Credit Linked Condition 18(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and 
Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) shall be deemed to apply to the Credit Linked Notes with respect to 
the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment 
Notice, as applicable that consist of Direct Loan Participations in respect of which the relevant 
participation is not effected (the “Undeliverable Participations”).

--- Page 489 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
489 
(h) 
Alternative Procedures Relating to Loans not Delivered 
(i) 
If the Issuer has not Delivered any Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, that are Loans (other than any Loan 
which (i) is a Prior Deliverable Obligation which the Issuer has notified the Fiscal Agent it intends 
to Deliver an Asset Package in lieu thereof, or (ii) forms part of an Asset Package which the Issuer 
has notified the Fiscal Agent it intends to Deliver) on or prior to the date that is five Business 
Days after the relevant Physical Redemption Date (the “Loan Alternative Procedure Start 
Date”), Credit Linked Condition 17(h)(ii) shall apply unless (A) “Reference Obligation Only” 
has been specified as the Deliverable Obligation Category in the relevant Issue Terms, (B) in the 
case of a Consent Required Loan, “Partial Cash Redemption of Consent Required Loans” is 
specified as being applicable in the relevant Issue Terms (in which case Credit Linked Condition 
18(e) (Partial Cash Redemption of Consent Required Loans) shall apply), (C) in the case of an 
Assignable Loan, “Partial Cash Redemption of Assignable Loans” is specified as being applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms (in which case Credit Linked Condition 18(f) (Partial Cash 
Redemption of Assignable Loans)) shall apply), (D) in the case of a Direct Loan Participation, 
“Partial Cash Redemption of Participation” is specified as being applicable in the relevant Issue 
Terms (in which case Credit Linked Condition 18(g) (Partial Cash Redemption of Participations) 
shall apply) or (E) in any case, such failure to Deliver is due to an event described in Credit 
Linked Condition 18(d) (Partial Cash Redemption due to Impossibility or Illegality) (in which 
case Credit Linked Condition 18(d) (Partial Cash Redemption due to Impossibility or Illegality) 
shall apply). 
(ii) 
If the Issuer has failed to obtain the requisite consents to Deliver a Loan specified in the Notice 
of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, at any time after the 15th 
Business Day following the Loan Alternative Procedure Start Date, the Issuer may (but is not 
obliged to) Deliver, in lieu of all or part of such Loan and after taking into account costs to the 
Issuer, including the trading price of any alternative Deliverable Obligation, any, subject to 
“Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation” or “Modified 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation”, Bond that is 
Transferable and Not Bearer or any Assignable Loan, and having on both the Physical 
Redemption Date and the Delivery Date each of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics (other 
than Consent Required Loan or Direct Loan Participation), if any, specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms and otherwise satisfying the requirements to constitute a Deliverable Obligation (and such 
instrument shall be deemed specified in the NOPS Amendment Notice which will be effective 
notwithstanding the fact that it is deemed specified after the Physical Redemption Date). In the 
event that the Deliverable Obligations or other Deliverable Obligations to be delivered in lieu of 
all or part of such Loan are not Delivered on or prior to the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement 
Date, Cash Redemption shall be deemed to apply instead pursuant to the fallback cash redemption 
terms in Credit Linked Condition 18(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash 
Redemption Terms) with respect to the Loans specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or 
NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, or alternative Deliverable Obligation, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent and the Issuer shall pay Noteholder each Credit Linked Note’s pro rata 
share of the Fallback Cash Redemption Amount on the Fallback Cash Redemption Date. For such 
purpose, the Deliverable Obligations not Delivered shall constitute “Undelivered Deliverable 
Obligations” for the purposes of the application of Credit Linked Condition 18(i) (Partial Cash 
Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms).

--- Page 490 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
490 
(i) 
Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms 
The following terms apply for the purposes of the partial cash redemption terms referred to in Credit 
Linked Conditions 18(d) (Partial Cash Redemption due to Impossibility or Illegality) to 18(h) 
(Alternative Procedures Relating to Loans not Delivered) and for the purposes of the fallback cash 
redemption terms referred to in Credit Linked Condition 21(b) (Payment/Delivery Failure Event – 
failure to deliver): 
(i) 
If Cash Redemption is deemed to apply pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition, the Issuer shall 
pay in respect of the portion of the Physical Redemption Assets corresponding to the applicable 
Undeliverable Obligation, Undeliverable Loan Obligation, Undeliverable Participation or 
Unassignable Obligation (each an “Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation”) the Partial Cash 
Redemption Amount on the Partial Cash Redemption Date, and in respect of the Physical 
Redemption Assets which cannot be delivered as described in Credit Linked Conditions 21(b) 
(Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to deliver), 18(c) (Election to deliver alternative 
amount of Deliverable Obligations/Hedge Disruption Obligation), 18(h) (Alternative Procedures 
Relating to Loans not Delivered), 18(j)(iii) or 18(j)(v) (Asset Package Delivery) (each, an 
“Undelivered Deliverable Obligation”), the Issuer shall pay in respect of the portion of the 
Physical Redemption Assets corresponding to the applicable Undeliverable Deliverable 
Obligations, the Fallback Cash Redemption Amount on the Fallback Cash Redemption Date 
(each as determined in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 18(i)); 
(ii) 
“Partial Cash Redemption Amount” means an aggregate amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in respect of all Undeliverable Deliverable Obligations, representing in respect of each 
Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation, an amount equal to the greater of (A) (I) the Outstanding 
Principal Balance, the Due and Payable Amount or the Currency Amount, as applicable, of such 
Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation (or in the case of an Asset Package, of the Prior Deliverable 
Obligation or Package Observable Bond), as the case may be, multiplied by (II) the Final Price 
with respect to such Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent (in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner), minus (III) Unwind Costs, 
if any (but excluding any Unwind Costs already taken into account in calculating the principal 
amount of the relevant Physical Redemption Assets to deliver) and (B) zero;  
(iii) 
“Partial Cash Redemption Date” and “Fallback Cash Redemption Date” means the date as 
selected by the Calculation Agent up to and including the date falling 10 Business Days following 
the Final Price Determination Date; 
(iv) 
“Fallback Cash Redemption Amount” has the same meaning as set out in “Partial Cash 
Redemption Amount”, provided that each reference therein to “Undeliverable Deliverable 
Obligation” shall be deemed to be a reference to “Undelivered Deliverable Obligation”; 
(v) 
“Reference Obligation” means, in respect of the determination of the Partial Cash Redemption 
Amount, each Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation and in respect of the determination of the 
Fallback Cash Redemption Amount, each Undelivered Deliverable Obligation; 
(vi) 
“Valuation Date” means the date that is two Business Days after the Latest Permissible Physical 
Settlement Date; 
(vii) 
“Valuation Method” means Highest or, if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained, Market 
Value; 
(viii) “Quotation Method” means Bid;

--- Page 491 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
491 
(ix) 
“Quotation Amount” means, with respect to each type or issue of Undeliverable Deliverable 
Obligation or Undelivered Deliverable Obligation, an amount equal to the Outstanding Principal 
Balance or Due and Payable Amount (or, in either case, its equivalent in the relevant Obligation 
Currency which shall be converted by the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable 
manner by reference to exchange rates in effect at the time that the relevant Quotation is being 
obtained), as applicable, of such Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation or Undelivered 
Deliverable Obligation, as applicable, as the case may be. The Calculation Agent may in its 
discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, round up or down the Quotation Amount 
for the purposes of seeking a Quotation; 
(x) 
“Valuation Time” means the time specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, or if no such 
time is specified, the time specified by the Calculation Agent, which shall be as close as 
reasonably practicable to 11:00 a.m. in the principal trading market for transactions in the 
Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation or Undelivered Deliverable Obligation, as applicable, 
unless the Calculation Agent determines that the principal trading market for transactions in the 
Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation or Undelivered Deliverable Obligation, as applicable, 
would be closed at such time or such transactions are not being conducted in sufficient volume 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable 
manner) at such time, in which event the Valuation Time shall be such other time as may be 
specified by the Calculation Agent that such principal market is open; 
(xi) 
“Market Value” means, with respect to an Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation or an 
Undelivered Deliverable Obligation, as applicable, on a Valuation Date, (A) if more than three 
Full Quotations are obtained the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations, disregarding the Full 
Quotations having the same highest and lowest values (and, if more than one such Full Quotations 
have the same highest and lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall 
be disregarded); (B) if exactly three Full Quotations are obtained, the Full Quotation remaining 
after disregarding the highest and lowest Full Quotations (and, if more than one such Full 
Quotations have the same highest or lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest Full 
Quotations shall be disregarded); (C) if exactly two Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic 
mean of such Full Quotations; (D) if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained then, subject to 
sub-paragraph (B) of the definition of “Quotation” below, an amount that the Calculation Agent 
shall determine on the next Business Day on which two or more Full Quotations are obtained; 
and (E) if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained on the same Business Day on or prior to 
the tenth Business Day following the Valuation Date, the Market Value shall be any Full 
Quotation obtained from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day 
or, if no Full Quotation is obtained, the Market Value shall be determined as provided in limbs 
(B) to (D) of the definition of “Quotation” below; 
(xii) 
“Quotation” means each Full Quotation obtained and expressed as a percentage of either (a) if 
the Reference Obligation is not an Asset Package, the Reference Obligation’s Outstanding 
Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, or (b) if the Reference Obligation 
is an Asset Package, the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as 
applicable, of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond to which the Asset 
Package relates, in each case, with respect to a Valuation Date in the manner that follows: 
(A) 
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to each 
Valuation Date from five or more Quotation Dealers. If the Calculation Agent is unable to 
obtain two or more such Full Quotations on the Valuation Date, then on the next following 
Business Day (and, if necessary, on each Business Day thereafter until the tenth Business

--- Page 492 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
492 
Day following the relevant Valuation Date) the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain 
Full Quotations from five or more Quotation Dealers. 
(B) 
If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more Full Quotations on the same 
Business Day on or prior to the tenth Business Day following the Valuation Date, the 
Quotations shall be deemed to be any Full Quotation obtained from a Quotation Dealer at 
the Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day, or, if no Full Quotation is obtained, the 
Quotations shall be deemed to be zero. 
(C) 
All Quotations shall be obtained in accordance with the specification or determination 
made pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of Interest 
following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event); 
(D) 
The Calculation Agent shall determine based on the then current market practice in the 
market of the relevant Undeliverable Obligation, Undeliverable Loan Obligation, 
Undeliverable Participation, Unassignable Obligation or Undelivered Deliverable 
Obligation, whether such Quotations shall include or exclude accrued but unpaid interest. 
(j) 
Asset Package Delivery 
(i) 
If an Asset Package Credit Event occurs then “Asset Package Delivery” will apply unless (A) 
such Asset Package Credit Event occurs prior to the Credit Event Backstop Date determined in 
respect of the Credit Event specified in the Credit Event Notice or DC Credit Event 
Announcement applicable to an Event Determination Date, (B) if the Reference Entity is a 
Sovereign, no Package Observable Bond exists immediately prior to such Asset Package Credit 
Event, or (C) the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and “2014 Sovereign No Asset Package 
Delivery Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014)” is 
specified as “Applicable” in the relevant Issue Terms (even if such a Package Observable Bond 
has been published by ISDA). 
(ii) 
If Asset Package Delivery applies, (A) Delivery of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package 
Observable Bond forming part of the Physical Redemption Assets which is specified in the Notice 
of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, may be satisfied by Delivery 
of the related Asset Package, and such Asset Package shall be treated as having the same currency, 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, as the Prior 
Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond to which it corresponds had immediately 
prior to the Asset Package Credit Event, (B) the definition of “Deliver” shall be deemed to apply 
to each Asset in the Asset Package, provided that if any such Asset is not a Bond, it shall be 
treated as if it were a Loan for this purpose, (C) if the Asset Package is zero, the Outstanding 
Amount of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond shall be deemed to 
have been Delivered in full three Business Days following the date on which the Issuer has 
notified the Fiscal Agent of the detailed description of the Asset Package that it intends to Deliver 
in accordance with the definition of “Notice of Physical Settlement”, (D) the Issuer may satisfy 
its obligation to make Delivery of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond 
in part by Delivery of each Asset in the Asset Package in the correct proportion and (E) if the 
relevant Asset is a Non-Transferable Instrument or Non-Financial Instrument, the Asset shall be 
deemed to be an amount of cash equal to the Asset Market Value, converted if necessary into the 
currency of denomination of the Credit Linked Notes at the prevailing market rate of exchange 
determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith.

--- Page 493 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
493 
(iii) 
Notwithstanding the preceding sub-paragraphs of this Credit Linked Condition 18(j), the Issuer 
may elect in lieu of delivering all or any part of the Asset Package (such assets, the “Non-
Deliverable Asset Package”) as Physical Redemption Assets to pay to the Noteholders the Asset 
Market Value of the Non-Deliverable Asset Package, converted if necessary, into the currency of 
denomination of the Credit Linked Notes at the prevailing market rate of exchange determined 
by the Calculation Agent in good faith (such cash payment the “Asset Package Cash 
Redemption Amount”). Payment of the Asset Package Cash Redemption Amount shall be made 
on or before the tenth Business Day following determination of the Asset Market Value of the 
Non-Deliverable Asset Package and such date of payment shall be deemed to be the Physical 
Redemption Date.  
(iv) 
In determining the Asset Market Value, the Calculation Agent may also deem Cash Redemption 
to apply pursuant to the fallback cash redemption terms in Credit Linked Condition 18(i) (Partial 
Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) with respect to the Asset Package 
and the Issuer shall pay each Noteholder each Credit Linked Note’s pro rata amount of the 
Fallback Cash Redemption Amount on the Fallback Cash Redemption Date in satisfaction of its 
payment obligation with respect to the Asset Package Cash Redemption Amount. For such 
purpose, the related Asset Package shall constitute an “Undelivered Deliverable Obligation” for 
the purposes of the application of Credit Linked Condition 18(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms 
and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) and the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date shall 
be the date the Calculation Agent deems Cash Redemption to apply. 
(v) 
If the Issuer has not satisfied its obligation to make Delivery of the Prior Deliverable Obligation 
or Package Observable Bond in part by Delivery of each Asset in the Asset Package in the correct 
proportion on or prior to the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, the Issuer may (but is 
not obliged to) instead Deliver, after taking into account costs to the Issuer, including the trading 
price of any alternative Deliverable Obligation, any other Deliverable Obligation selected the 
Issuer and having on both the Physical Redemption Date and the Delivery Date each of the 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the relevant Issue Terms and otherwise 
satisfying the requirements to constitute a Deliverable Obligation (and such Deliverable 
Obligation shall be deemed specified in a NOPS Amendment Notice which will be effective 
notwithstanding the fact that it is deemed specified after the Physical Redemption Date). If 
Delivery of the Asset Package or any other Deliverable Obligation in lieu of the same is not 
completed on or prior to the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, Cash Redemption shall 
be deemed to apply instead pursuant to the fallback cash redemption terms in Credit Linked 
Condition 18(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) with 
respect to the Asset Package which has not been Delivered and the Issuer shall pay each 
Noteholder their Credit Linked Note’s pro rata share of the Fallback Cash Redemption Amount 
on the Fallback Cash Redemption Date. 
(vi) 
For such purpose, the entire Asset Package shall constitute an “Undelivered Deliverable 
Obligation” for the purposes of the application of Credit Linked Condition 18(i) (Partial Cash 
Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) and the Issuer shall pay the Noteholder 
the Fallback Cash Redemption Amount on the Fallback Cash Redemption Date. 
(k) 
LA Physical Redemption Terms 
(i) 
Provision of Risk Event Notice 
Following the determination of a Risk Event by the Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, deliver the Risk Event Notice to the Issuer, who shall thereafter forward such notice

--- Page 494 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
494 
to the Fiscal Agent. The Fiscal Agent shall then, as soon as reasonably practicable, but not later 
than the LA Physical Redemption Date, deliver the Risk Event Notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 27 (Notices). 
(ii) 
Delivery of LA Settlement Assets 
(A) 
Unless previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, if LA Physical 
Redemption is specified as the Risk Event Redemption Method in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the Applicable Proportion of each Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note 
or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note shall be redeemed by: (I) Delivery (at the risk 
of the relevant Noteholder) of the LA Settlement Assets on or prior to the LA Physical 
Redemption Date and (II) payment of the Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount (if 
any) (as set out in Credit Linked Condition 18(k)(iii) (Payment of the Undeliverable LA 
Cash Redemption Amount (if any)). 
(B) 
In order for the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket 
Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, to be redeemed in accordance with this Credit Linked 
Condition, the relevant Noteholder shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent (and where the 
relevant Credit Linked Note is in definitive form, to the Registrar), prior to 3.00 p.m. 
(London) on the 5th Business Day following the date of effective delivery by the Fiscal 
Agent of the Risk Event Notice to the Noteholders, a duly completed notice in writing (a 
“Deliverable Obligation Notice”): 
(I) 
in the case of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access 
Basket Credit Linked Notes represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate, 
specifying the Series number of the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, which is the 
subject of the Deliverable Obligation Notice; 
(II) 
including such details as are required for the transfer or assignment of the LA 
Settlement Assets which may include, without limitation, (I) the name, address 
and/or details of the relevant Noteholder’s (or the Noteholder’s designee’s) account 
at the Relevant Clearing System, to be debited with such LA Settlement Assets 
and/or any bank, broker, agent or designee of the Noteholder to whom documents 
evidencing the transfer of LA Settlement Assets to be delivered; and (II) 
irrevocably instructing and authorising the Relevant Clearing Systems to debit the 
relevant Noteholder’s account to complete Delivery; 
(III) 
specifying the name and details of the account to which the Undeliverable LA Cash 
Redemption Amount (if any) is to be credited; 
(IV) 
containing an acknowledgment that an amount equal to (as applicable) each Local 
Access Single Name Credit Linked Note’s or each Local Access Basket Credit 
Linked Note’s pro rata share of all Unwind Costs, Delivery Expenses or Interest 
Suspension Shortfall Amount (in each case, if any) shall be deducted from the 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount; 
(V) 
certifying, either (I) in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes represented by a Regulation S Global 
Registered Note Certificate, that the beneficial owner of each such Local Access 
Single Name Credit Linked Note or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note is not 
a U.S. person (as defined in the Deliverable Obligation Notice), the Note is not

--- Page 495 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
495 
being redeemed within the United States or on behalf of a U.S. person and no cash, 
notes or other property have been or will be delivered within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person in connection with any redemption 
thereof; or (II) in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes represented by a Rule 144A Global 
Registered Note Certificate, that the beneficial owner of each such Local Access 
Single Name Credit Linked Note or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note, as 
applicable, is a QIB; 
(VI) 
authorising the production of such certification in any applicable administrative or 
legal proceedings, as provided in the Fiscal Agency Agreement; 
(VII) if the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket 
Credit Linked Notes are in definitive form, including the definitive Local Access 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, as 
applicable;  
(VIII) providing a Euroclear screenshot of each Noteholder’s holdings; and 
(IX) 
containing a confirmation that the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, will not be transferred 
until Delivery is completed, subject in any case to any transfer restrictions. 
(C) 
Forms of the Deliverable Obligation Notice will be delivered to the Noteholders together 
with the Risk Event Notice. 
(D) 
No Deliverable Obligation Notice may be withdrawn after receipt thereof by the Relevant 
Clearing System, the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, as 
provided above. After delivery of a Deliverable Obligation Notice (x) such relevant 
Noteholder or its designee (on its behalf), as applicable, shall be the only person entitled 
to delivery of its portion of the LA Settlement Assets, and as such (y) the relevant 
Noteholder may not transfer the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local 
Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, which are the subject of such notice. 
(E) 
Failure to properly complete and deliver a Deliverable Obligation Notice may result in 
such notice being treated as null and void and deemed to not have been provided. Any 
determination as to whether such notice has been properly completed and delivered as 
provided in these Credit Linked Conditions shall be made by the Calculation Agent, the 
Issuer or the Fiscal Agent, on the Issuer’s behalf, and shall be conclusive and binding on 
the relevant Noteholder. 
(F) 
Delivery of the LA Settlement Assets and payment of the Undeliverable LA Cash 
Redemption Amount (if any) in respect of each Noteholder shall be made by the Issuer in 
accordance with the details specified in the applicable Deliverable Obligation Notice. 
(iii) 
Payment of the Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount (if any) 
Upon Delivery of the LA Settlement Assets, the Issuer’s obligations in respect of the redemption 
of the Applicable Proportion of each Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note or Local 
Access Basket Credit Linked Note, as applicable, shall be fully and effectively discharged, 
provided that if in the determination of the Issuer: 
(A) 
due to circumstances beyond the control of the Issuer, it is or would be impossible, illegal 
or in breach of any restriction (whether regulatory, fiduciary or contractual) to obtain, hold

--- Page 496 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
496 
or deliver some or all of the LA Settlement Assets (including any such LA Settlement 
Assets held by or on behalf of the Issuer and/or any Affiliate) to the Noteholders, including 
circumstances in which a Market Disruption Event is subsisting; and/or 
(B) 
due to circumstances beyond the control of the Issuer, it is or would be impracticable 
(whether on grounds of illiquidity or otherwise) and/or it is not commercially reasonable 
for the Issuer to obtain, hold or deliver some or all of the LA Settlement Assets (including 
any such LA Settlement Assets held by or on behalf of the Issuer and/or any Affiliate) to 
the Noteholders; and/or 
(C) 
due to circumstances within the control of the Noteholders (including, without limitation, 
the Noteholders not having opened or notified the Issuer of its specified account, given 
any required certifications or as a result of limb (b) of the definition of “Payment/Delivery 
Failure Event” occurring), the Issuer is unable to arrange, or conditions are not fulfilled, 
for the delivery of some or all LA Settlement Assets, 
and such circumstances continue up to and including the LA Physical Redemption Date, then the 
Issuer shall have no further delivery obligations hereunder to the Noteholders with respect to 
those LA Settlement Assets which are affected by such circumstances described in paragraphs 
(A), (B) or (C) above (the “Undeliverable Assets”) and the Issuer shall, in respect of the 
Undeliverable Assets in respect of any Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note or Local 
Access Basket Credit Linked Note, as applicable, held by a Noteholder, pay to the specified 
account of that Noteholder on the LA Cash Redemption Date the Undeliverable LA Cash 
Redemption Amount. 
(iv) 
Determination of Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount 
The Calculation Agent shall determine the Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount on the 
LA Valuation Date. 
19 Fixed Recovery Redemption Terms 
(a) 
Redemption Amount 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 22 (Effect of DC Resolutions), unless previously redeemed in full or 
purchased and cancelled, if Fixed Recovery Redemption is specified as the Credit Event Redemption 
Method in the relevant Issue Terms, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination 
Date, the Applicable Proportion of each Credit Linked Note shall redeem or be written down in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 17 (Cash Redemption Terms), provided that: 
(i) 
the Final Price shall be deemed to be determined at the Fixed Recovery Percentage (specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms with respect to an Affected Reference Entity and the related Relevant 
Event Determination Date) and the Cash Redemption Amount or the Final Cash Redemption 
Amount, as applicable, shall be determined using such Fixed Recovery Percentage, as further set 
out in the definitions of “Cash Redemption Amount” and “Final Cash Redemption Amount” in 
Credit Linked Condition 30 (Definitions);  
(ii) 
the “Final Price Determination Date” shall be the date on which the Final Price is deemed to be 
determined at the Fixed Recovery Percentage; and 
(iii) 
Single Valuation Date will be deemed to have been specified as the applicable Valuation Date on 
which the Cash Redemption Amount or the Final Cash Redemption Amount, as applicable, shall 
be determined.

--- Page 497 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
497 
(b) 
Fixed Recovery Percentage of zero 
If the Fixed Recovery Percentage is zero, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination 
Date, the occurrence of the relevant Cash Redemption Date or Final Cash Redemption Date, as 
applicable, shall fully and effectively discharge the Issuer’s obligation to redeem the Applicable 
Proportion of the relevant Note. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in such circumstance, the loss amount in respect of an Affected Reference 
Entity will be deemed to be 100 per cent. and, accordingly, no amounts will be payable or assets 
deliverable to the Noteholders. The Noteholders will bear the loss of their principal with respect to such 
proportion of the Credit Linked Notes impacted by the Credit Event and no liability shall attach to the 
Issuer. 
20 Redemption upon Merger Event 
If “Redemption following Merger” is specified as being applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in the event that 
the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent determines, in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable 
manner, that a Merger Event has occurred, the Issuer may give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 27 (Notices) and redeem each Credit Linked Note in full or in part on the Early 
Redemption Date at the Merger Redemption Amount (provided that if nothing is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, “Redemption following Merger” shall apply). 
This Credit Linked Condition shall not apply in respect of Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes.  
21 Payment/Delivery Failure Event 
(a) 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to pay 
This Credit Linked Condition 21(a) shall not apply where an Underlying RMB Currency Event has 
occurred (in which case, General Condition 6(b)(viii) (Occurrence of an Underlying RMB Currency 
Event) shall apply). 
If an event constituting a Payment/Delivery Failure Event under limb (a) of such definition has occurred 
and exists, subject to Credit Linked Condition 21(c) (No additional interest) below, the obligation of the 
Issuer to pay the relevant amount will be postponed until such time that the Payment/Delivery Failure 
Event no longer exists or is cured (including, without limitation, where the Noteholder requests the Issuer 
in writing to make payment of such amount to such other account or to such other person as the 
Noteholder specifies and represents to the Issuer that such payment to its designee will discharge the 
Issuer’s obligations to the Noteholder in respect of such payment). Where such postponement applies, 
the Issuer shall give notice of such postponement to the Noteholders (“Payment Failure Event Notice”) 
as soon as reasonably practicable in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 27 (Notices). 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Credit Linked Conditions, if the Issuer determines (in 
its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner) that such Payment/Delivery Failure Event 
continues to exist for such number of Business Days specified in the Issue Terms or, if no number of 
Business Days is specified in the Issue Terms, 90 Business Days following the later to occur of (a) any 
scheduled payment date or the (b) Scheduled Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date, as applicable 
(the “Payment Failure Cut-Off Date”) in respect of an amount required to be paid (including where 
the Noteholder has not elected for payment to be made to a third party or other account (if applicable) 
in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 21(c) (No additional interest) above, no such payment will

--- Page 498 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
498 
be made by the Issuer and the Issuer’s obligations to the Noteholder hereunder will be deemed to be 
fully discharged as of that date.  
(b) 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to deliver 
This Credit Linked Condition 21(b) shall not apply to Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes (instead, Credit Linked Condition 18(k)(iii) (Payment of 
the Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount (if any)) shall apply). 
If an event constituting a Payment/Delivery Failure Event under limb (b) of such definition has occurred, 
the obligations of the Issuer to procure Delivery of the Physical Redemption Assets to such Noteholder 
shall, subject to Credit Linked Conditions 18(a) (Delivery of Physical Redemption Assets) and 22(d) 
(Redemption Suspension) cease and if “Fallback Cash Redemption” is specified to apply in the relevant 
Issue Terms, Cash Redemption shall be deemed to apply instead pursuant to the fallback cash redemption 
terms in Credit Linked Condition 18(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption 
Terms) with respect to the Physical Redemption Assets that cannot be Delivered on or prior to the Latest 
Permissible Physical Settlement Date and the Issuer shall pay each Noteholder each Credit Linked Note’s 
pro rata share of the Fallback Cash Redemption Amount on the Fallback Cash Redemption Date. For 
such purpose, the Physical Redemption Assets shall constitute an “Undelivered Deliverable Obligations” 
for the purposes of application of Credit Linked Condition 18(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and 
Fallback Cash Redemption Terms). 
If “Fallback Cash Redemption” is not specified to apply in the relevant Issue Terms and if such 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event continues to exist on the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, 
the Issuer shall have no further liability or obligation whatsoever in respect of such Credit Linked Note 
and no obligation to deliver the Physical Redemption Assets on or after the Latest Permissible Physical 
Settlement Date. However, if the Payment/Delivery Failure Event ceases to exist or is cured prior to the 
Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, the obligation of the Issuer to Deliver the Physical 
Redemption Assets will be postponed to a date determined by the Issuer to be no later than 10 Business 
Days following the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date (the “Final Physical Redemption Cut-
Off Date”). 
(c) 
No additional interest 
Any postponement or deemed discharge of payment pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 21 will 
not constitute a default hereunder (including for the purpose of the definition of “Events of Default”) 
and will not entitle the relevant Noteholder to any additional interest or other payment as a result thereof. 
22 Effect of DC Resolutions 
(a) 
Binding nature 
Any DC Resolution of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will be binding with 
respect to the relevant Credit Linked Notes in accordance with these Credit Linked Conditions. 
(b) 
Event Determination Dates 
(i) 
Determinations by the Calculation Agent 
A Relevant Event Determination Date which is determined by the Calculation Agent to apply to 
the Credit Linked Notes will be binding with respect to the relevant Credit Linked Notes.

--- Page 499 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
499 
(ii) 
Reversal of DC Credit Event Announcement 
If a prior DC Resolution or the occurrence of an Event Determination Date is subsequently 
reversed prior to the relevant Auction Final Price Determination Date, a Physical Redemption 
Date, redemption of the Credit Linked Notes in full, a Valuation Date or a Delivery Date, a Credit 
Event shall be deemed not to have occurred with respect to the relevant Reference Entity for the 
purposes of these Credit Linked Conditions.  
(iii) 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit 
Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes or 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, an Event Determination Date may occur in respect of 
each Reference Entity referenced in the basket or Index, as applicable, provided that, other than 
in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring (if applicable), an Event Determination Date shall apply 
only once to each such Reference Entity. 
(iv) 
Multiple successor determinations 
Where multiple successors have been determined in respect of a Reference Entity in accordance 
with Credit Linked Condition 23 (Successor Provisions), an Event Determination Date may occur 
in respect of each successor Reference Entity. 
(c) 
Determinations in respect of Successors and Substitute Reference Obligations 
If a DC Resolution relating to Successors or Substitute Reference Obligations is subsequently reversed 
after the identification of a Successor or a Substitute Reference Obligation by the Calculation Agent, 
such prior DC Resolution shall be disregarded for the purposes of these Credit Linked Conditions.  
(d) 
Redemption Suspension 
If, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date but prior to the relevant Credit 
Event Redemption Date, Delivery Date or, to the extent applicable, a Valuation Date in respect of a 
Reference Entity, there is an Applicable DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement, all timing 
requirements in these Credit Linked Conditions that pertain to redemption shall toll and remain 
suspended until the date of the Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement or Applicable DC Credit 
Event Question Dismissal, as applicable. During such suspension period, the Issuer is not obliged to take 
any action in connection with the settlement of such Credit Event or the redemption, if any, of the Credit 
Linked Notes. Once the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement or DC Credit Event Question 
Dismissal has occurred, the relevant timing requirements that pertain to redemption that have previously 
tolled or been suspended shall resume on the Business Day following such public announcement by the 
DC Secretary with the Issuer having the benefit of the full day notwithstanding when the tolling or 
suspension began. The Issuer shall deliver, or cause the Fiscal Agent to deliver, a notice (a “Redemption 
Suspension Notice”) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 27 (Notices) to the Noteholders giving 
notice of any suspension of timing requirements pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 22.

--- Page 500 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
500 
23 Successor Provisions 
(a) 
Eligible Successors 
An entity may only be a Successor if: 
(i) 
either (A) the related Succession Date occurs on or after the Successor Backstop Date, or (B) 
such entity is a Universal Successor in respect of which the Succession Date occurred on or after 
1 January 2014; 
(ii) 
the Reference Entity had at least one Relevant Obligation outstanding immediately prior to the 
Succession Date and such entity succeeds to all or part of at least one Relevant Obligation of the 
Reference Entity;  
(iii) 
where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, such entity succeeded to the Relevant Obligations by 
way of a Sovereign Succession Event; and 
(iv) 
in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes and Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, 
the Successor is an entity identified by the relevant Index Sponsor on or following the earlier of 
the Effective Date and the Trade Date where the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has, in relation to a Successor Resolution Request Date, not identified a Successor in 
accordance with the DC Rules. 
(b) 
Successor Determinations 
Subject to the restrictions set out under Credit Linked Condition 6(h) (Restriction on Delivery of Credit 
Event Notice or Successor Notice) and 7(h) (Restriction on Delivery of Credit Event Notice or Successor 
Notice) in relation to Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes and Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
only, the Calculation Agent will be responsible for determining, as soon as reasonably practicable after 
delivery of a Successor Notice and with effect from the Succession Date, any Successor or Successors 
in accordance with the definition of “Successor”, provided that the Calculation Agent will not make such 
determination if, at the time of the determination, the DC Secretary has publicly announced that the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that there is no Successor based on 
the relevant succession to Relevant Obligations. 
The Calculation Agent will make all calculations and determinations required to be made under this 
definition on the basis of Eligible Information and will notify the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent of any such 
calculation or determination as soon as practicable. In calculating the percentages used to determine 
whether an entity qualifies as a Successor under this Credit Linked Condition 23(b), if there is a Steps 
Plan, the Calculation Agent shall consider all related successions in respect of such Steps Plan in 
aggregate as if forming part of a single succession. 
Notwithstanding the above, the Calculation Agent may, but is not obliged to, rely on the determination 
of any Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee as to whether any Successor has been identified. 
(c) 
Substitute Reference Obligations following a Successor Event 
Where any one or more Successors have not assumed a Non-Standard Reference Obligation, a Substitute 
Reference Obligation will be determined, where the Calculation Agent deems appropriate, in accordance 
with Credit Linked Condition 25(b) (Substitute Reference Obligation). 
(d) 
Transaction Types of Successor Reference Entities 
If the Transaction Type applicable to a Successor differs from the Transaction Type of the Reference 
Entity in respect of which the Successor has been identified, notwithstanding such difference, the

--- Page 501 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
501 
Transaction Type of the Reference Entity in respect of which the Successor has been identified shall, 
with effect from the Succession Date, continue to apply to the Successor. 
(e) 
Succession in respect of multiple Reference Entities simultaneously 
If two or more Reference Entities are subject to one or more successions simultaneously or the order of 
such succession cannot be determined from Eligible Information, then each such Reference Entity shall 
be deemed to have been subject to a separate succession, with all such successions occurring in the order 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(f) 
Single Successor 
Where the Calculation Agent determines that there is a single Successor in respect of a Reference Entity, 
such Successor shall, with effect from the Succession Date, be a Reference Entity for the purpose of the 
Notes (and, for the avoidance of doubt, the Reference Entity in respect of which the Successor has been 
identified shall cease to be a Reference Entity with effect from the Succession Date unless it has also 
been identified as a Successor), provided that, in the case of Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, 
(a) if the Successor is not an Nth-to-Default Non-Succession Reference Entity (as defined below), the 
Reference Entity Count will be the Reference Entity Count of the Nth-to-Default Succession Reference 
Entity (as defined below) and (b) if an Nth-to-Default Succession Reference Entity would be a Successor 
to an Nth-to-Default Non-Succession Reference Entity, the provisions set out in Credit Linked Condition 
23(h)(ii)(F) (Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes) shall equally apply in the case of a single 
Successor. 
(g) 
Joint Potential Successors 
If two or more entities (each, a “Joint Potential Successor”) jointly succeed to a Relevant Obligation 
(the “Joint Relevant Obligation”) either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee (or, in respect 
of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy), then (a) if the Joint Relevant Obligation 
was a direct obligation of the relevant Reference Entity, it shall be treated as having been succeeded to 
by the Joint Potential Successor (or Joint Potential Successors, in equal parts) which succeeded to such 
Joint Relevant Obligation as direct obligor or obligors, or (b) if the Joint Relevant Obligation was a 
Relevant Guarantee (or, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy), it shall 
be treated as having been succeeded to by the Joint Potential Successor (or Joint Potential Successors, 
in equal parts) which succeeded to such Joint Relevant Obligation as guarantor or guarantors (or, in 
respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, as provider of a Qualifying Policy), if any, or otherwise 
by each Joint Potential Successor in equal parts. 
(h) 
Multiple Successors  
(i) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Single Name Credit Linked Notes and following a succession 
and related Succession Date in respect of a Reference Entity (such Reference Entity affected by 
a succession being a “Single Name Succession Reference Entity”), more than one Successor 
has been identified by the Calculation Agent, the Single Name Credit Linked Notes will be 
amended without the consent of the Noteholders to reflect the following terms and, to the extent 
applicable, the Calculation Agent shall apportion any outstanding nominal amount or any other 
relevant calculation amounts equally in relation to each Successor: 
(A) 
the Single Name Succession Reference Entity will no longer be a Reference Entity unless 
it is also a Successor;

--- Page 502 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
502 
(B) 
each Successor will be a Reference Entity (each, a “Single Name Successor Entity”) and, 
accordingly, more than one Relevant Event Determination Date (and, accordingly, more 
than one Relevant Credit Event) may occur in respect of the Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes but, subject to Credit Linked Condition 15 (M(M)R Restructuring), once only in 
relation to each Successor; 
(C) 
where a Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination Date occurs in 
respect of a Single Name Successor Entity: 
(I) 
the Single Name Credit Linked Notes will not redeem in whole, but instead the 
relevant provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be deemed to apply to 
the nominal amount represented by such Single Name Successor Entity only after 
the apportionment described above (the “Single Name Partial Nominal 
Amount”); 
(II) 
the Single Name Credit Linked Notes shall, thereafter, be redeemed in part in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 3(f)(i) (Auction Redemption), (ii) (Cash 
Redemption), (iii) (Physical Redemption) or (iv) (Fixed Recovery Redemption), as 
applicable (such redeemed part being equal to a Noteholder’s pro rata share of the 
Single Name Partial Nominal Amount (provided that if “Credit Payment on 
Maturity” applies such partial redemption shall occur only on the Final Cash 
Redemption Date or Final Auction Redemption Date, as applicable)); and 
(III) 
the Credit Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms shall be construed accordingly 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, any interpretation in respect of an M(M)R 
Restructuring). 
Following the occurrence of such Relevant Credit Event, the Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes shall remain outstanding in an amount equal to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Single Name Credit Linked Notes and interest shall accrue on the 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Single Name Credit Linked Notes only 
(in accordance with these Credit Linked Conditions, adjusted in such manner as the 
Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines to be appropriate to reflect the economic effects of the identification of more 
than one Successor, considered in the aggregate); 
(D) 
if some but not all of the Single Name Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in 
accordance with General Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase), the relevant provisions 
of these Credit Linked Conditions shall continue to apply to the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Single Name Credit Linked Notes; and 
(E) 
the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 23(h)(i) shall apply in respect of any 
identification by the Calculation Agent of further Successors. 
(ii) 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes and following a 
succession and a related Succession Date in respect of a Reference Entity (each such Reference 
Entity, an “Nth-to-Default Succession Reference Entity” and the Reference Entities unaffected 
by such succession or any previous successions, the “Nth-to-Default Non-Succession Reference 
Entities”), more than one Successor has been identified by the Calculation Agent, the Nth-to-
Default Basket Credit Linked Notes will be amended without the consent of the Noteholders to 
reflect the following terms and, to the extent applicable, the Calculation Agent shall apportion

--- Page 503 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
503 
any outstanding nominal amount or any other relevant calculation amounts equally in relation to 
each Nth-to-Default Succession Reference Entity: 
(A) 
the Nth-to-Default Succession Reference Entity will no longer be a Reference Entity 
unless it is also a Successor; 
(B) 
each Successor will be a Reference Entity (each, an “Nth-to-Default Successor Entity”) 
and the Nth-to-Default Non-Succession Reference Entities will continue to be Reference 
Entities; 
(C) 
the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date with respect to any of the Nth-to-
Default Non-Succession Reference Entities will, where such Nth-to-Default Non-
Succession Reference Entity is the nth Reference Entity to which a Relevant Event 
Determination Date has occurred, result in the redemption of the Nth-to-Default Basket 
Credit Linked Notes in full (or, in respect of an M(M)R Restructuring where the Exercise 
Amount is less than the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked 
Notes, redemption of the Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes in part) in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 4 (Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes); 
(D) 
where a Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination Date has 
occurred in respect of the nth Reference Entity: 
(I) 
such Credit Event shall be a Relevant Credit Event for the purpose of the Nth-to-
Default Basket Credit Linked Notes and the relevant provisions of these Credit 
Linked Conditions shall be deemed to apply to the nominal amount represented by 
such Nth-to-Default Successor Entity only after the apportionment described above 
is effected (the “Nth-to-Default Partial Nominal Amount”);  
(II) 
the Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes shall, thereafter, be redeemed in 
part in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 4(f)(i) (Auction Redemption), (ii) 
(Cash Redemption), (iii) (Physical Redemption) or (iv) (Fixed Recovery 
Redemption), as applicable (such redeemed part being equal to a Noteholder’s pro 
rata share of the Nth-to-Default Partial Nominal Amount (provided that if “Credit 
Payment on Maturity” applies such partial redemption shall occur only on the Final 
Cash Redemption Date or Final Auction Redemption Date, as applicable)); and  
(III) 
the Credit Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms shall be construed accordingly 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, any interpretation in respect of an M(M)R 
Restructuring).  
Following the occurrence of such Relevant Credit Event, the Nth-to-Default Basket Credit 
Linked Notes shall remain outstanding in an amount equal to the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes and interest shall 
accrue on the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Nth-to-Default Basket 
Credit Linked Notes only (in accordance with these Credit Linked Conditions, adjusted in 
such manner as the Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate to reflect the economic effects of the 
identification of more than one Successor, considered in the aggregate); 
(E) 
if a single entity would be a Reference Entity hereunder more than once, subject to Credit 
Linked Condition 22(h)(ii)(F) below, that Reference Entity shall be deemed to be specified 
only once, and such change shall have no effect on the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes;

--- Page 504 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
504 
(F) 
where an Nth-to-Default Non-Succession Reference Entity is identified as a Successor to 
any Nth-to-Default Succession Reference Entity pursuant to a succession: 
(I) 
if the Transaction Type and Reference Obligation (including the absence of a 
Reference Obligation) of the Nth-to-Default Non-Succession Reference Entity is 
identical to that of the Nth-to-Default Succession Reference Entity, the Reference 
Entity Count of the Nth-to-Default Non-Succession Reference Entity shall be equal 
to the sum of (x) the Reference Entity Count of the Nth-to-Default Non-Succession 
Reference Entity immediately prior to the relevant succession (the “Surviving 
Reference Entity Count”) and (y) the Reference Entity Count of the Nth-to-
Default Succession Reference Entity immediately prior to the relevant succession 
(the “Legacy Reference Entity Count”, and the Legacy Reference Entity Count 
and the Surviving Reference Entity Count, together, the “Combined Prior 
Count”); or 
(II) 
if the Transaction Type and Reference Obligation of the Nth-to-Default Non-
Succession Reference Entity is not identical to that of the Nth-to-Default 
Succession Reference Entity, the Calculation Agent shall apportion as at the 
Succession Date any outstanding nominal amount or any other relevant calculation 
amounts into two separate portions where: 
(i) 
one portion shall reflect the product of the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes and the Legacy 
Reference Entity Count divided by the Combined Prior Count, with the Nth-
to-Default Non-Succession Reference Entity having (a) a Transaction Type 
and Reference Obligation identical to the Nth-to-Default Succession 
Reference Entity and (b) a Reference Entity Count equal to the Combined 
Prior Count; and 
(ii) 
the other portion shall reflect the product of the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes and the 
Surviving Reference Entity Count divided by the Combined Prior Count, 
with the Nth-to-Default Non-Succession Reference Entity having (a) a 
Transaction Type and Reference Obligation identical to the Nth-to-Default 
Non-Succession Reference Entity and (b) a Reference Entity Count equal 
to the Combined Prior Count; 
(G) 
if some but not all of the Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming 
in accordance with General Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase), the relevant 
provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall continue to apply to the Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes; and 
(H) 
the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 23(h)(ii) shall apply in respect of any 
identification by the Calculation Agent of further Successors; 
(iii) 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes and following a succession 
and related Succession Date in respect of a Reference Entity (each such Reference Entity and any 
Reference Entity in respect of which a Succession Date has previously occurred, a “Linear 
Basket Succession Reference Entity” and the Reference Entities unaffected by such Succession 
Date or any previous Succession Dates, the “Linear Basket Non-Succession Reference

--- Page 505 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
505 
Entities”), more than one Successor has been identified by the Calculation Agent, the Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Notes will be amended without the consent of the Noteholders to reflect 
the following terms and, to the extent applicable, the Calculation Agent shall apportion any 
outstanding principal amount or any other relevant calculation amounts equally in relation to each 
Linear Basket Succession Reference Entity: 
(A) 
the Linear Basket Succession Reference Entity will no longer be a Reference Entity unless 
it is also a Successor; 
(B) 
each Successor will be a Reference Entity (each, a “Linear Basket Successor Entity”), 
and the Linear Basket Non-Succession Reference Entities will continue to be Reference 
Entities; 
(C) 
where a Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination Date occurs in 
respect of a Linear Basket Successor Entity: 
(I) 
the relevant provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be deemed to apply 
to the nominal amount represented by such Linear Basket Successor Entity only 
after the apportionment described above is effected (the “Linear Basket Partial 
Nominal Amount”); 
(II) 
the Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes shall, thereafter, be redeemed in part in 
accordance with Credit Linked Conditions 5(f)(i) (Auction Redemption), (ii) (Cash 
Redemption), (iii) (Physical Redemption) or (iv) (Fixed Recovery Redemption), as 
applicable (such redeemed part being equal to a Noteholder’s pro rata share of the 
Linear Basket Partial Nominal Amount (provided that if “Credit Payment on 
Maturity” applies such partial redemption shall occur only on the Final Cash 
Redemption Date or Final Auction Redemption Date, as applicable)); and  
(III) 
the Credit Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms shall be construed accordingly 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, any interpretation in respect of an M(M)R 
Restructuring).  
Following such event, the Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes shall remain outstanding in 
an amount equal to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Notes and interest shall accrue on the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
the Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes only (in accordance with these Credit Linked 
Conditions, adjusted in such manner as the Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate to reflect the economic 
effects of the identification of more than one Successor), considered in the aggregate; 
(D) 
if, as a result of a succession, a single entity would be a Reference Entity hereunder more 
than once, that Reference Entity shall be deemed to be a Reference Entity only once and 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount for such Reference Entity will be the sum of the 
Reference Entity Notional Amounts otherwise applicable to it (and such change shall have 
no effect on the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Linear Basket Credit 
Linked Notes); 
(E) 
if some but not all of the Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in 
accordance with General Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase), the relevant provisions 
of these Credit Linked Conditions shall continue to apply to the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes; and

--- Page 506 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
506 
(F) 
the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 23(h)(iii) shall apply in respect of any 
identification by the Calculation Agent of further Successors. 
(iv) 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes and following a 
succession and related Succession Date in respect of a Reference Entity (each such Reference 
Entity and any Reference Entity in respect of which a Succession Date has previously occurred, 
an “Index Untranched Succession Reference Entity” and the Reference Entities unaffected by 
such Succession Date or any previous Succession Dates, the “Index Untranched Non-
Succession Reference Entities”), more than one Successor has been identified, the Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes will be amended without the consent of the Noteholders to 
reflect the following terms and, to the extent applicable, the Calculation Agent shall apportion 
any outstanding principal amount or any other relevant calculation amounts equally in relation to 
each Index Untranched Succession Reference Entity: 
(A) 
the Index Untranched Succession Reference Entity will no longer be a Reference Entity 
unless it is also a Successor; 
(B) 
each Successor will be a Reference Entity (each, a “Index Untranched Successor 
Entity”), and the Index Untranched Non-Succession Reference Entities will continue to 
be Reference Entities; 
(C) 
where a Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination Date occurs in 
respect of an Index Untranched Successor Entity: 
(I) 
the relevant provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be deemed to apply 
to the nominal amount represented by such Index Untranched Successor Entity 
only after the apportionment described above is effected (the “Index Untranched 
Partial Nominal Amount”);  
(II) 
the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes shall, thereafter, be redeemed in part in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 6(f)(i) (Auction Redemption), (ii) (Cash 
Redemption) or (iii) (Fixed Recovery Redemption), as applicable (such redeemed 
part being equal to a Noteholder’s pro rata share of the Index Untranched Partial 
Nominal Amount (provided that if “Credit Payment on Maturity” applies such 
partial redemption shall occur only on the Final Cash Redemption Date or Final 
Auction Redemption Date, as applicable)); and  
(III) 
the Credit Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms shall be construed accordingly 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, any interpretation in respect of an M(M)R 
Restructuring).  
Following such event, the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes shall remain 
outstanding in an amount equal to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes and interest shall accrue on the Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes only (in 
accordance with these Credit Linked Conditions, adjusted in such manner as the 
Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines to be appropriate to reflect the economic effects of the identification of more 
than one Successor), considered in the aggregate;

--- Page 507 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
507 
(D) 
if, as a result of a succession, a single entity would be a Reference Entity hereunder more 
than once, that Reference Entity shall be deemed to be a Reference Entity only once and 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount for such Reference Entity will be the sum of the 
Reference Entity Notional Amounts otherwise applicable to it (and such change shall have 
no effect on the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Index Untranched Credit 
Linked Notes); 
(E) 
if some but not all of the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in 
accordance with General Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase), the relevant provisions 
of these Credit Linked Conditions shall continue to apply to the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes; and 
(F) 
the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 23(h)(iv) shall apply in respect of any 
identification by the Calculation Agent of further Successors. 
(v) 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and following a 
succession and related Succession Date in respect of a Reference Entity (each, an “Index 
Tranched Succession Reference Entity” and the Reference Entities unaffected by such 
succession, the “Index Tranched Non-Succession Reference Entities”), more than one 
Successor has been identified, the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes will be amended without 
the consent of the Noteholders to reflect the following terms and, to the extent applicable, the 
Calculation Agent shall apportion any outstanding principal amount, other relevant calculation 
amounts, the Reference Entity Notional Amount equally in relation to each Successor: 
(A) 
the Index Tranched Succession Reference Entity will no longer be a Reference Entity 
unless it is also a Successor; 
(B) 
each Successor will be a Reference Entity (each, a “Index Tranched Successor Entity”), 
and the Index Tranched Non-Succession Reference Entities will continue to be Reference 
Entities; 
(C) 
where a Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination Date occurs in 
respect of an Index Tranched Successor Entity: 
(I) 
the relevant provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be deemed to apply 
to the nominal amount represented by such Index Tranched Successor Entity only 
after the apportionment described above is effected;  
(II) 
the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes shall, thereafter, be redeemed in part in 
accordance with Credit Linked Conditions 7(f)(i) (Auction Redemption), (ii) (Cash 
Redemption) or (iii) (Fixed Recovery Redemption), as applicable (provided that if 
“Credit Payment on Maturity” applies such partial redemption shall occur only on 
the Final Cash Redemption Date or Final Auction Redemption Date, as applicable); 
and  
(III) 
the Credit Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms shall be construed accordingly 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, any interpretation in respect of an M(M)R 
Restructuring).  
Following such event, the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes shall remain outstanding 
in an amount equal to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes and interest shall accrue on the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal

--- Page 508 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
508 
Amount of the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes only (in accordance with these Credit 
Linked Conditions, adjusted in such manner as the Calculation Agent in its discretion, 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner, determines to be appropriate to reflect the 
economic effects of the identification of more than one Successor), considered in the 
aggregate; 
(D) 
if, as a result of a succession, a single entity would be a Reference Entity hereunder more 
than once, that Reference Entity shall be deemed to be a Reference Entity only once and 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount for such Reference Entity will be the sum of (I) the 
Reference Entity Notional Amount otherwise applicable to it prior to the apportionment 
referred to above and (II) the Reference Entity Notional Amount allocated to such 
Successor as a result of the apportionment referred to above (and such change shall have 
no effect on the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes);  
(E) 
if some but not all of the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in 
accordance with General Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase), the relevant provisions 
of these Credit Linked Conditions shall continue to apply to the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes; and 
(F) 
the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 23(h)(v) shall apply in respect of any 
identification by the Calculation Agent of further Successors. 
(vi) 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes and following a 
succession and related Succession Date in respect of a Reference Entity (each such Reference 
Entity and any Reference Entity in respect of which a Succession Date has previously occurred, 
an “Portfolio Tranched Succession Reference Entity” and the Reference Entities unaffected by 
such Succession Date or any previous Succession Dates, the “Portfolio Tranched Non-
Succession Reference Entities”), more than one Successor has been identified by the Calculation 
Agent, the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes will be amended without the consent of the 
Noteholders to reflect the following terms and, to the extent applicable, the Calculation Agent 
shall apportion any outstanding principal amount or any other relevant calculation amounts 
equally in relation to each Portfolio Tranched Succession Reference Entity: 
(A) 
the Portfolio Tranched Succession Reference Entity will no longer be a Reference Entity 
unless it is also a Successor; 
(B) 
each Successor will be a Reference Entity (each, a “Portfolio Tranched Successor 
Entity”), and the Portfolio Tranched Non-Succession Reference Entities will continue to 
be Reference Entities; 
(C) 
where a Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination Date occurs in 
respect of a Portfolio Tranched Successor Entity: 
(I) 
the relevant provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be deemed to apply 
to the nominal amount represented by such Portfolio Tranched Successor Entity 
only after the apportionment described above is effected;  
(II) 
the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes shall, thereafter, be redeemed in part 
in accordance with Credit Linked Conditions 8(f)(i) (Auction Redemption), 
(ii)(Cash Redemption) or (iii) (Fixed Recovery Redemption), as applicable

--- Page 509 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
509 
(provided that if “Credit Payment on Maturity” applies such partial redemption 
shall occur only on the Final Cash Redemption Date or Final Auction Redemption 
Date, as applicable); and  
(III) 
the Credit Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms shall be construed accordingly 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, any interpretation in respect of an M(M)R 
Restructuring).  
Following such event, the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes shall remain 
outstanding in an amount equal to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes and interest shall accrue on the Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes only (in 
accordance with these Credit Linked Conditions, adjusted in such manner as the 
Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines to be appropriate to reflect the economic effects of the identification of more 
than one Successor), considered in the aggregate; 
(D) 
if, as a result of a succession, a single entity would be a Reference Entity hereunder more 
than once, that Reference Entity shall be deemed to be a Reference Entity only once and 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount for such Reference Entity will be the sum of the 
Reference Entity Notional Amounts otherwise applicable to it (and such change shall have 
no effect on the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Portfolio Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes); 
(E) 
if some but not all of the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in 
accordance with General Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase), the relevant provisions 
of these Credit Linked Conditions shall continue to apply to the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes; and 
(F) 
the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 23(h)(vi) shall apply in respect of any 
identification by the Calculation Agent of further Successors. 
(vii) 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and following 
a Succession Date in respect of a Reference Entity (the Reference Entity, a “Local Access Single 
Name Succession Reference Entity”), more than one Successor has been identified by the 
Calculation Agent, the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes will be amended without 
the consent of the Noteholders to reflect the following terms and, to the extent applicable, the 
Calculation Agent shall apportion any outstanding principal amount or any other relevant 
calculation amounts equally in relation to each Local Access Single Name Succession Reference 
Entity: 
(A) 
the Local Access Single Name Succession Reference Entity will no longer be a Reference 
Entity unless it is also a Successor; 
(B) 
each Successor will be a Reference Entity (each, a “Local Access Single Name Successor 
Entity”) and, accordingly, more than one Relevant Risk Event Determination Date (and 
accordingly, more than one Relevant Risk Event) may occur in respect of the Credit 
Linked Notes but once only in relation to each Successor; 
(C) 
where a Relevant Risk Event and related Relevant Risk Event Determination Date occurs 
in respect of the Local Access Single Name Successor Entity after such Succession Date:

--- Page 510 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
510 
(I) 
the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes will not redeem in whole, but 
instead the provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be deemed to apply 
to the to the nominal amount represented by such Local Access Single Name 
Successor Entity only after the apportionment described above is effected (the 
“Local Access Single Name Partial Nominal Amount”);  
(II) 
the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes shall, thereafter, be redeemed 
in part in accordance with Credit Linked Conditions 9(f)(i) (LA Cash Redemption), 
(ii) (LA Physical Redemption) or (iii) (LA Fixed Recovery Redemption), as 
applicable (such redeemed part being equal to a Noteholder’s pro rata share of the 
Local Access Single Name Partial Nominal Amount (provided that if “Credit 
Payment on Maturity” applies such partial redemption shall occur only on the Final 
LA Cash Redemption Date)); and  
(III) 
the Credit Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms shall be construed 
accordingly.  
Following such event, the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes shall remain 
outstanding in an amount equal to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and interest shall accrue on the 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes only (in accordance with these Credit Linked Conditions, adjusted in such manner 
as the Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines to be appropriate to reflect the economic effects of the identification of more 
than one Successor), considered in the aggregate; 
(D) 
if some but not all of the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes are early 
redeeming in accordance with General Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase), the 
relevant provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall continue to apply to the 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes; and 
(E) 
the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 23(h)(vii) shall apply in respect of any 
identification by the Calculation Agent of further Successors. 
(viii) Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes and following a 
Succession Date in respect of a Reference Entity (each such Reference Entity and any Reference 
Entity in respect of which a Succession Date has previously occurred, a “Local Access Basket 
Succession Reference Entity” and the Reference Entities unaffected by such Succession Date 
or any previous Succession Dates, the “Local Access Basket Non-Succession Reference 
Entities”), more than one Successor has been identified by the Calculation Agent, the Local 
Access Basket Credit Linked Notes will be amended without the consent of the Noteholders to 
reflect the following terms and, to the extent applicable, the Calculation Agent shall apportion 
any outstanding principal amount or any other relevant calculation amounts equally in relation to 
each Local Access Basket Succession Reference Entity: 
(A) 
the Local Access Basket Succession Reference Entity will no longer be a Reference Entity 
unless it is also a Successor;

--- Page 511 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
511 
(B) 
each Successor will be a Reference Entity (each, a “Local Access Basket Successor 
Entity”) and the Local Access Basket Non-Succession Reference Entities will continue to 
be Reference Entities; 
(C) 
where a Relevant Risk Event and related Relevant Risk Event Determination Date occurs 
in respect of a Local Access Basket Successor Entity: 
(I) 
the relevant provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be deemed to apply 
to the nominal amount represented by such Local Access Basket Successor Entity 
only after the apportionment described above is effected (the “Local Access 
Basket Partial Nominal Amount”);  
(II) 
the Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes shall, thereafter, be redeemed in part 
in accordance with Credit Linked Conditions 10(f)(i) (LA Cash Redemption), (ii) 
(LA Physical Redemption) or (iii) (LA Fixed Recovery Redemption), as applicable 
(such redeemed part being equal to a Noteholder’s pro rata share of the Local 
Access Basket Partial Nominal Amount (provided that if “Credit Payment on 
Maturity” applies such partial redemption shall occur only on the Final LA Cash 
Redemption Date)); and  
(III) 
the Credit Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms shall be construed 
accordingly.  
Following such event, the Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes shall remain 
outstanding in an amount equal to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes and interest shall accrue on the Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes only (in 
accordance with these Credit Linked Conditions, adjusted in such manner as the 
Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines to be appropriate to reflect the economic effects of the identification of more 
than one Successor), considered in the aggregate; 
(D) 
if, as a result of a succession, a single entity would be a Reference Entity hereunder more 
than once, that Reference Entity shall be deemed to be a Reference Entity only once and 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount for such Reference Entity will be the sum of the 
Reference Entity Notional Amounts otherwise applicable to it (and such change shall have 
no effect on the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Local Access Basket 
Credit Linked Notes); 
(E) 
if some but not all of the Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in 
accordance with General Condition 6 (Redemption and Purchase), the relevant provisions 
of these Credit Linked Conditions shall continue to apply to the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes; and 
(F) 
the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 23(h)(viii) shall apply in respect of any 
identification by the Calculation Agent of further Successors. 
(i) 
Exchange Offer 
In the case of an exchange offer, the determination required pursuant to paragraph (a) of the definition 
of “Successor” shall be made on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of Relevant Obligations 
exchanged and not on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of the Exchange Bonds or Loans.

--- Page 512 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
512 
24 Deliverable Obligations 
(a) 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation 
If (i) “Physical Redemption” is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method and “Mod R” applies 
and (ii) “Restructuring is the only Credit Event specified in a Credit Event Notice delivered by the 
Calculation Agent, then unless the Deliverable Obligation is a Prior Deliverable Obligation and Asset 
Package Delivery applies due to a Governmental Intervention, a Deliverable Obligation may only be 
specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, if it (i) is 
a Fully Transferable Obligation and (ii) has a final maturity date not later than the Restructuring Maturity 
Limitation Date, in each case, as of the Delivery Date. In respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity 
and with respect to an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded 
beneficial interest, the term “final maturity date”, as such term is used in this paragraph shall mean the 
specified date by which the Qualifying Policy guarantees or insures, as applicable, that the ultimate 
distribution of the Certificate Balance will occur. 
(b) 
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation 
(i) 
If (A) “Physical Redemption” is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method and “Mod 
Mod R” applies and (B) Restructuring is the only Credit Event specified in a Credit Event Notice 
delivered by Issuer, then unless the Deliverable Obligation is a Prior Deliverable Obligation and 
Asset Package Delivery applies due to a Governmental Intervention, a Deliverable Obligation 
may only be specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable, if it (x) is a Conditionally Transferable Obligation and (y) has a final maturity date 
not later than the applicable Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date in each case, as of 
the Delivery Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the purposes of this Credit Linked 
Condition 23(b)(i), in the case of a Restructured Bond or Loan with a final maturity date on or 
prior to the 10-year Limitation Date, the final maturity date of such Bond or Loan shall be deemed 
to be the earlier of such final maturity date or the final maturity date of such Bond or Loan 
immediately prior to the relevant Restructuring. In respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity 
and with respect to an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar 
funded beneficial interest, the term “final maturity date”, as such term is used in this Credit 
Linked Condition 23(b)(i) shall mean the specified date by which the Qualifying Policy 
guarantees or insures, as applicable, that the ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance will 
occur. 
(ii) 
Where a “Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable 
Obligation” applies and a Deliverable Obligation specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement 
(or in any NOPS Amendment Notice, if applicable) is a Conditionally Transferable Obligation 
with respect to which consent is required to novate, assign or transfer, and the requisite consent 
is refused (whether or not a reason is given for such refusal and, where a reason is given for such 
refusal, regardless of that reason), or is not received by the Physical Redemption Date (in which 
case it shall be deemed to have been refused), the Calculation Agent shall inform the Issuer. The 
Issuer shall promptly notify the Fiscal Agent (for onward notification to the Noteholder) of such 
refusal (or deemed refusal). If a Noteholder (x) does not designate a third party; (y) designates a 
third party in circumstances where it will be illegal due to any applicable law or regulation for 
the designee to take Delivery or such Delivery would give rise to any tax or any loss or cost to 
the Issuer; or (z) a Noteholder does not take Delivery on or prior to the Physical Redemption 
Date, then Credit Linked Condition 18(h) (Alternative Procedures Relating to Loans not 
Delivered) may be applied by the Issuer.

--- Page 513 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
513 
(c) 
Determination of Final Maturity Date 
For the purposes of making a determination under paragraph (a) (Restructuring Maturity Limitation) or 
(b)(i) (Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation) of this Credit Linked Condition 24, the relevant final 
maturity date shall, subject to the definition of “Conditionally Transferable Obligation”, be determined 
on the basis of the terms of the Deliverable Obligation in effect at the time of making such determination 
and, in the case of a Deliverable Obligation that is due and payable, the final maturity date shall be 
deemed to be the date on which such determination is made. 
(d) 
Multiple Holder Obligation 
(i) 
Unless “Multiple Holder Obligation” is specified to be not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, 
then none of the events described in sub-paragraphs (i) to (iv) of the definition of “Restructuring” 
shall constitute a Restructuring unless the Obligation is a Multiple Holder Obligation, where 
“Multiple Holder Obligation” means an Obligation that (A) at the time of the event which 
constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event is held by more than three holders that are not Affiliates 
of each other and (B) with respect to which a percentage of holders (determined pursuant to the 
terms of the Obligation as in effect on the date of such event) at least equal to sixty-six-and two-
thirds is required to consent to the event which constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event (provided 
that sub-paragraph (B) shall be deemed to be satisfied where the Obligation is a Bond).  
(ii) 
In respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, for the purposes of this definition, the term 
Obligation shall be deemed to include Insured Instruments for which the Reference Entity is 
acting as provider of a Qualifying Policy. 
(iii) 
In respect of an LPN Reference Entity, Multiple Holder Obligation will be “Not Applicable” with 
respect to any Reference Obligation (and any Underlying Loan). 
25 Reference Obligation 
(a) 
Standard Reference Obligation and Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
(i) 
If “Standard Reference Obligation” applies, then the Reference Obligation for the relevant 
Reference Entity will be the Standard Reference Obligation which is the obligation of the relevant 
Reference Entity with the relevant Seniority Level specified from time to time on the SRO List.  
(ii) 
If “Standard Reference Obligation” does not apply, then the Reference Obligation(s) for the 
relevant Reference Entity will be the Non-Standard Reference Obligation specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms for such Reference Entity. 
(iii) 
If no election is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, “Standard Reference Obligation” shall 
apply. 
(b) 
Substitute Reference Obligation 
(i) 
If a Substitution Event has occurred with respect to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation, the 
Calculation Agent may identify a Substitute Reference Obligation in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 25(b)(iii), (iv) and (v) to replace such Non-Standard Reference Obligation; 
provided that the Calculation Agent will not identify an Obligation as the Substitute Reference 
Obligation if, at the time of the determination, such Obligation has already been rejected as the 
Substitute Reference Obligation by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
and such Obligation has not changed materially since the date of the relevant DC Resolution. In 
the case of an Index Untranched Credit Linked Note or an Index Tranched Credit Linked Note,

--- Page 514 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
514 
as applicable, if there is no Standard Reference Obligation and the Index Sponsor publishes a 
replacement Reference Obligation for such Reference Entity, the Calculation Agent shall select 
such obligation rather than identify a Substitute Reference Obligation in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 25(b)(iii), (iv) and (v).  
(ii) 
If any of the events contained in paragraph (a) or (c) of the definition of “Substitution Event” 
have occurred with respect to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation, such Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation will cease to be the Reference Obligation (other than for the purposes of 
the “Not Subordinated” Obligation Characteristic or “Not Subordinated” Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic and Credit Linked Condition 25(b)(iii)(B). If the event contained in sub-paragraph 
(b) of the definition of “Substitution Event” has occurred with respect to a Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation and no Substitute Reference Obligation is available, such Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation will continue to be a Reference Obligation until the Substitute Reference 
Obligation is identified or, if earlier, until any of the events set forth under paragraph (a) or (c) of 
the definition of “Substitution Event” occur with respect to such Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation. 
(iii) 
The Substitute Reference Obligation shall be an Obligation that on the Substitution Date: 
(A) 
is a Borrowed Money obligation of the relevant Reference Entity (either directly or as 
provider of a Guarantee (or, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a 
Qualifying Policy)); 
(B) 
satisfies the Not Subordinated Deliverable Obligation Characteristic as of the date it was 
issued or incurred (without reflecting any change the priority of payment after such date) 
and on the Substitution Date; and 
(C) 
(I) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Conforming Reference Obligation 
when issued or incurred and immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date: 
(1) 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in accordance 
with paragraph (a) of the definition of “Deliverable Obligation”; or if no 
such obligation is available, 
(2) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a Deliverable 
Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of 
“Deliverable Obligation”; 
(II) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Bond (or any other Borrowed 
Money obligation other than a Loan) which was a Non-Conforming Reference 
Obligation when issued or incurred and/or immediately prior to the Substitution 
Event Date: 
(1) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other than a Loan); 
or if no such obligation is available, 
(2) 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in accordance 
with paragraph (a) of the definition of “Deliverable Obligation”; or if no 
such obligation is available, 
(3) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is a Loan 
(other than a Private-side Loan); or if no such Obligation is available,

--- Page 515 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
515 
(4) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a Deliverable 
Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of 
“Deliverable Obligation”; or 
(III) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Loan which was a Non-
Conforming Reference Obligation when incurred and/or immediately prior to the 
Substitution Event Date: 
(1) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is a Loan 
(other than a Private-side Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
(2) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other than a Loan); 
or if no such obligation is available, 
(3) 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in accordance 
with paragraph (a) of the definition of “Deliverable Obligation”; or if no 
such Obligation is available, 
(4) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a Deliverable 
Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of 
“Deliverable Obligation”. 
(iv) 
If more than one potential Substitute Reference Obligation is identified pursuant to the process 
described in Credit Linked Condition 24(b)(iii), the Substitute Reference Obligation will be the 
potential Substitute Reference Obligation that most closely preserves the economic equivalent of 
the delivery and payment obligations of the Issuer under the relevant Series, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent will (if a Substitute Reference Obligation has not been 
identified) notify the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer of a Substitute Reference Obligation as soon as 
reasonably practicable after it has been identified in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 
25(b)(iii) and the Substitute Reference Obligation shall replace the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation immediately upon such notification. 
(v) 
If a Substitution Event has occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation and 
the Calculation Agent determines that no Substitute Reference Obligation is available for the 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation then or has yet to identify a suitable substitute, subject to 
Credit Linked Condition 25(b)(i) and notwithstanding the fact that the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation may have ceased to be the Reference Obligation in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 25(b)(ii), the Calculation Agent may continue to attempt to identify the Substitute 
Reference Obligation. 
(c) 
Redemption in respect of Reference Obligation Only Series 
(i) 
If the event set out in paragraph (a) of the definition of “Substitution Event” occurs with respect 
to the Reference Obligation for a Series of Credit Linked Notes in respect of a Reference Entity 
to which “Reference Obligation Only” applies, the Credit Linked Notes shall be redeemed in full 
or in part at the Substitution Event Redemption Amount. The Issuer shall deliver, or cause the 
Fiscal Agent to deliver, a notice in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 27 (Notices) to the 
Noteholders stating the occurrence of such Substitution Event and setting out the date on which 
the Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed in full or in part, which shall be a date not earlier than 
the relevant Substitution Event Date. 
(ii) 
Notwithstanding the definition of “Substitute Reference Obligation” (a) no Substitute Reference 
Obligation shall be determined in respect of the Reference Obligation for a Reference Entity to

--- Page 516 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
516 
which “Reference Obligation Only” applies and such Reference Obligation is the only Reference 
Obligation for such Reference Entity in the Obligation Category and the Deliverable Obligation 
Category, and (b) if the events set out in paragraph (b) or (c) of the definition of “Substitution 
Event” occur with respect to the Reference Obligation, such Reference Obligation shall continue 
to be the Reference Obligation and in such circumstance, there shall be no redemption of the 
Credit Linked Notes in full or in part. 
(d) 
DC Substitute Reference Obligation Resolution 
Notwithstanding the provision of Credit Linked Condition 25(b) (Substitute Reference Obligation), the 
Calculation Agent may, but shall not be obliged to, select as the Substitute Reference Obligation for a 
Series of Credit Linked Notes an Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity which is determined by 
DC Resolution to be the Substitute Reference Obligation to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation.  
26 Calculation Agent Determination 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent is responsible for, amongst other things: 
(i) 
determining a Successor or Successors and making any other determinations required to be made 
under Credit Linked Condition 23 (Successor Provisions) including if there is a Steps Plan, 
making appropriate adjustments required to take account of any Obligations of the relevant 
Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category “Bond or Loan” that are issued, 
incurred, redeemed, repurchased or cancelled from (and including) the legally effective date of 
the first succession to and including the Succession Date; 
(ii) 
determining whether (A) the aggregate amounts due under any Reference Obligation have been 
materially reduced by redemption or otherwise (other than due to any scheduled redemption, 
amortisation or prepayments), (B) any Reference Obligation is an Underlying Obligation with a 
Qualifying Guarantee of a Reference Entity and, other than due to the existence or occurrence of 
a Credit Event, the Qualifying Guarantee is no longer a valid and binding Obligation of such 
Reference Entity enforceable in accordance with its terms, or (C) for any reason other than as 
described in (A) or (B) above and other than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, 
any Reference Obligation is no longer an Obligation of a Reference Entity; 
(iii) 
identifying and determining a Substitute Reference Obligation; 
(iv) 
in the event that multiple Credit Event Notices with respect to an M(M)R Restructuring are 
delivered pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 15 (M(M)R Restructuring), making any 
modifications required pursuant to that Credit Linked Condition; 
(v) 
following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring, determining the Exercise Amount of Credit 
Linked Notes to which such M(M)R Restructuring applies;  
(vi) 
obtaining Quotations (and, if necessary, determining whether such Quotations shall include or 
exclude accrued but unpaid interest) and determining the Final Price in accordance with the 
applicable Valuation Method; 
(vii) 
converting the Quotation Amount into the relevant Obligation Currency; 
(viii) determining the Quotation Dealers (where none have been specified in the relevant Issue Terms) 
and substituting Quotation Dealers;

--- Page 517 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
517 
(ix) 
determining the LA Recovery Amount and the Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount (if 
any) in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit 
Linked Notes, as applicable; 
(x) 
determining the Currency Rate and Revised Currency Rate where, in each case, it is not available 
at the Next Currency Fixing Time; 
(xi) 
determining the number of Business Days in each Physical Settlement Period; 
(xii) 
determining the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount of the Deliverable 
Obligations to be included in the Physical Redemption Assets; 
(xiii) determining any adjustments pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 9(g) (Adjustment following a 
Regulatory Change Event) or 10(g) (Adjustment following a Regulatory Change Event); 
(xiv) determining any adjustment payment pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 13 (Event 
Determination Date – Adjustment Payment and Ordering of Events); 
(xv) 
determining whether the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Valuation Obligation shall include 
or exclude accrued interest and if “Include Accrued Interest” is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms with respect to Deliverable Obligations, determining accrued but unpaid interest;  
(xvi) determining whether a Merger Event or Substitution Event Date has occurred; 
(xvii) determining the Asset Market Value of an Asset Package; 
(xviii) determining whether a “Failure to Pay” has occurred where the “2019 NTCE Supplement to the 
2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019)” and “Credit Deterioration 
Requirement” apply (for which purpose, the Calculation Agent will take into account any 
guidance provided in the 2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (July 15, 2019));  
(xix) determining whether a Reference Assets Liquidation Value Trigger Event or Market Value 
Trigger Event has occurred in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local 
Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, as applicable;  
(xx) 
determining whether an event occurring under the terms of the Reference Assets Conditions 
relating to Reference Assets constitutes a Non-Viability Trigger Event in respect of Local Access 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, as applicable; 
(xxi) determining the updates required to be made to the relevant Reference Registry set out in the 
applicable Issue Terms from time to time, in respect of Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes; 
(xxii) determining the Reference Assets FX Forward Termination Value, in respect of Local Access 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes to which “FX 
Forward Rate” applies;  
(xxiii) interpreting any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms (including any Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms). 
(b) 
The Calculation Agent shall as soon as practicable after making any of the determinations specified in 
Credit Linked Condition 26(a)(i) to (xv) notify the Issuer of such determination. 
(c) 
If any of the matters set out in this Credit Linked Condition 26 are decided and/or determined by a Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee, the Calculation Agent may follow such decision or 
determination to the extent such decision and/or determination is applicable to any Credit Linked Notes.

--- Page 518 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
518 
In certain circumstances, the Calculation Agent shall be required to follow the decisions or 
determinations of a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee or determinations made by the 
Calculation Agent may be overridden by subsequent determinations made by a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee. 
(d) 
The Calculation Agent may from time to time, without obtaining the consent of the Noteholders, amend 
any provision of these Credit Linked Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms in any manner which 
the Calculation Agent determines (acting in a commercially reasonable manner) is necessary or desirable 
(i) to incorporate and/or reflect (x) further or alternative documents or protocols from time to time 
published by ISDA with respect to the documentation or redemption of Credit Linked Notes and/or (y) 
the operation or application of determinations by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
and/or (ii) to account for market practice to be reflected in the terms of the Credit Linked Notes. Any 
amendment made in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 26 shall be notified to the Noteholders 
in accordance with General Condition 13 (Notices). 
27 Notices 
(a) 
Interpretation 
References in these Credit Linked Conditions to a notice being delivered in accordance with General 
Condition 13 (Notices) shall include such Condition as amended by the terms of any Global Registered 
Note Certificate representing the Credit Linked Notes.  
(b) 
Notices required to be delivered 
The Issuer shall deliver, or may cause the Fiscal Agent to deliver, notice to the Noteholders of the 
following, in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 27, to the extent required to be delivered 
pursuant to the terms of the Credit Linked Notes: 
(i) 
a Credit Event Notice and, if applicable, a Notice of Publicly Available Information; 
(ii) 
a Notice of Physical Settlement and, if applicable, any NOPS Amendment Notice; 
(iii) 
a Risk Event Notice, if applicable; 
(iv) 
a Successor Notice (provided that no Successor Notice shall be required following a 
determination by a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee that a Successor has been 
identified); 
(v) 
if the terms of any Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Local Access 
Basket Credit Linked Notes provide for the basket or Index, as applicable, to be amended from 
time to time other than as a result of the identification of any Successor, details of any 
amendments to the basket or Index, as applicable;  
(vi) 
the designation of any Substitute Reference Obligation (provided that (A) no such notice shall be 
required following a determination by a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee of a 
Substitute Reference Obligation has occurred and (B) the failure of the Issuer to deliver a notice 
to the Noteholders pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 27 shall not affect the effectiveness 
of any designation of such Substitute Reference Obligation by the Calculation Agent (such 
designation to be in accordance with these Credit Linked Conditions); 
(vii) 
a notice detailing the suspension of payment of interest pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 2 
(Interest on Credit Linked Notes);

--- Page 519 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
519 
(viii) a notice detailing any adjustment payments required to be made by the Issuer pursuant to Credit 
Linked Conditions 13 (Event Determination Date – Adjustment Payment and Ordering of Events) 
or 9(g) (Adjustment following a Regulatory Change Event); 
(ix) 
following the determination of the Cash Redemption Amount or the Final Cash Redemption 
Amount, as applicable, with respect to any Credit Linked Notes subject to the provisions of Credit 
Linked Condition 17 (Cash Redemption Terms), the Cash Redemption Amount Notice; 
(x) 
following the determination of the Auction Redemption Amount or the Final Auction Redemption 
Amount, as applicable, with respect to any Credit Linked Notes subject to the provisions of Credit 
Linked Condition 16 (Auction Redemption Terms), the Auction Redemption Amount Notice; 
(xi) 
a Notice to Exercise Movement Option; 
(xii) 
a Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice; 
(xiii) a Redemption Suspension Notice; and 
(xiv) a Payment Failure Event Notice. 
(c) 
Effectiveness of Notices 
(i) 
Notwithstanding this Credit Linked Condition 27, any notice required to be delivered by the 
Issuer to Noteholders in accordance with these Credit Linked Conditions shall be deemed to have 
been delivered to Noteholders upon delivery of such notice to the Fiscal Agent by the Issuer (upon 
receipt of such notice from the Calculation Agent, as applicable). The failure of the Fiscal Agent 
to deliver any such notice to Noteholders shall not affect (x) the effectiveness of any notice 
delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer and/or by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, (y) the 
effectiveness of any determinations made by any of them or (iii) the right of the Issuer to redeem 
(in whole or in part) the Credit Linked Notes or to writedown the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Credit Linked Notes pursuant to and in accordance with the relevant Credit Linked 
Condition. In addition, the failure of the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or the Fiscal Agent to 
deliver any notice or any decision by any of them to not deliver a Credit Event Notice or Risk 
Event Notice, as applicable, shall not constitute an Event of Default under the Credit Linked 
Notes. 
(ii) 
Notwithstanding this Credit Linked Condition 27, a notice delivered by the Issuer to the Fiscal 
Agent on or prior to 3.00 p.m. (London time) on an Issuer Business Day will be effective on such 
Issuer Business Day. A notice delivered after 3.00 p.m. (London time) on an Issuer Business Day 
will be deemed effective on the next following Issuer Business Day, regardless of the form in 
which it is delivered. 
(iii) 
Other than as specified herein, Clauses 23 (Communications) and 24 (Notices) of the Fiscal 
Agency Agreement shall apply to any relevant communications and notices delivered in 
accordance with these Credit Linked Conditions. 
28 Interpretation of Obligation Characteristics and Deliverable Obligation Characteristics 
(a) 
If either of the Obligation Characteristics “Listed” or “Not Domestic Issuance” is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the relevant Issue Terms shall be construed as though the relevant Obligation 
Characteristic had been specified as an Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Bonds; 
(b) 
If (i) either of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics “Listed”, “Not Domestic Issuance” or “Not 
Bearer” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the relevant Issue Terms shall be construed as though

--- Page 520 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
520 
such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic 
only with respect to Bonds; (ii) the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic “Transferable” is specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms, such Issue Terms shall be construed as though such Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic had been specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with respect to 
Deliverable Obligations that are not Loans; or (iii) any of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics 
“Assignable Loan”, “Consent Required Loan” or “Direct Loan Participation” is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, such Issue Terms shall be construed as though such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic 
had been specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Loans; and 
(c) 
If more than one of “Assignable Loan”, “Consent Required Loan” and “Direct Loan Participation” are 
specified as Deliverable Obligation Characteristics in the relevant Issue Terms, the Deliverable 
Obligations may include any Loan that satisfies any one of such Deliverable Obligation Characteristics 
specified and need not satisfy all such Deliverable Obligation Characteristics. 
(d) 
If an Obligation or a Deliverable Obligation is a Relevant Guarantee, the following will apply: 
(i) 
For the purposes of the application of the Obligation Category or the Deliverable Obligation 
Category, the Relevant Guarantee shall be deemed to satisfy the same category or categories as 
those that describe the Underlying Obligation; 
(ii) 
For the purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics, both the Relevant Guarantee and the Underlying Obligation must satisfy on the 
relevant date or dates each of the applicable Obligation Characteristics or Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics, if any, specified in the relevant Issue Terms from the following list: “Not 
Subordinated”, “Specified Currency”, “Not Sovereign Lender”, “Not Domestic Currency” and 
“Not Domestic Law”. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics, only the Underlying Obligation must satisfy on the relevant date or dates each of 
the applicable Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms from the following list: “Listed”, “Not Domestic Issuance”, 
“Assignable Loan”, “Consent Required Loan”, “Direct Loan Participation”, “Transferable”, 
“Maximum Maturity”, “Accelerated” or “Matured” and “Not Bearer”; and 
(iv) 
For the purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics to an Underlying Obligation, references to the Reference Entity shall be deemed 
to refer to the Underlying Obligor. 
(e) 
For the purposes of the application of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic “Maximum Maturity”, 
remaining maturity shall be determined on the basis of the terms of the Deliverable Obligation in effect 
at the time of making such determination and, in the case of a Deliverable Obligation that is due and 
payable, the remaining maturity shall be zero. 
(f) 
If “Financial Reference Entity Terms” and “Governmental Intervention” apply, if an obligation would 
otherwise satisfy a particular Obligation Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, the 
existence of any terms in the relevant obligation in effect at the time of making the determination which 
permit the Reference Entity’s obligations to be altered, discharged, released or suspended in 
circumstances which would constitute a Governmental Intervention, shall not cause such obligation to 
fail to satisfy such Obligation Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation Characteristic. 
(g) 
For the purposes of determining the applicability of Deliverable Obligation Characteristics and the 
requirements specified in sub-paragraph (a) of the definition of “Mod R” and sub-paragraph (a) of the 
definition of “Mod Mod R” to a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond, any such

--- Page 521 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
521 
determination shall be made by reference to the terms of the relevant obligation in effect immediately 
prior to the Asset Package Credit Event. 
(h) 
If “Subordinated European Insurance Terms” applies, if an obligation would otherwise satisfy the 
“Maximum Maturity” Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, the existence of any Solvency Capital 
Provisions in such obligation shall not cause it to fail to satisfy such Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic. 
29 No frustration 
In the absence of other reasons, no Credit Linked Notes will be considered frustrated, or otherwise void or 
voidable (whether for mistake or otherwise) solely because: 
(a) 
any relevant Reference Entity does not exist on, or ceases to exist on or following, the Trade Date; and/or 
(b) 
the Obligation(s), the Deliverable Obligation(s) or the Reference Obligation(s) do not exist on, or cease 
to exist on or following, the Trade Date. 
30 Definitions 
The following definitions which relate to the Credit Linked Notes should be read in conjunction with the Credit 
Linked Conditions. Where terms are used but not defined in these Credit Linked Conditions, they will have the 
meaning given to them in General Condition 1(a) (General Definitions). 
“2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019)” means the 2019 
Narrowly Tailored Credit Event Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019). 
“Additional LPN” means, in respect of an LPN Reference Entity, any bond issued in the form of an LPN by 
an LPN Issuer for the sole purpose of providing funds for the LPN Issuer to: 
(a) 
finance an Underlying Loan to the LPN Reference Entity; or 
(b) 
provide finance to the LPN Reference Entity by way of an Underlying Finance Instrument, 
provided that, 
(i) 
either: 
(A) 
in the event that there is an Underlying Loan with respect to such LPN, such Underlying 
Loan satisfies the Obligation Characteristics specified in respect of the LPN Reference 
Entity; or 
(B) 
in the event that there is an Underlying Finance Instrument with respect to such LPN, such 
Underlying Finance Instrument satisfies the following Obligation Characteristics: Not 
Subordinated, Not Domestic Law and Not Domestic Currency; 
(ii) 
the LPN satisfies the following Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: Transferable, Not Bearer, 
Specified Currency – Standard Specified Currencies, Not Domestic Law, Not Domestic Issuance; 
and 
(iii) 
the LPN Issuer has, as of the issue date of such obligation, granted a First Ranking Interest over 
or in respect of certain of its rights in relation to the relevant Underlying Loan or Underlying 
Finance Instrument (as applicable) for the benefit of the holders of the LPNs. 
“Additional Obligation” means, in respect of an LPN Reference Entity, each of the obligations listed as an 
Additional Obligation of such Reference Entity in the Issue Terms or set forth on the relevant LPN Reference

--- Page 522 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
522 
Obligations List, as published by Markit Group Limited, or any successor thereto, as of the Trade Date, which 
list is currently available at https://ihsmarkit.com/products/red-cds.html.  
“Additional Risk Event” means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access 
Basket Credit Linked Notes, if specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the occurrence or existence, 
on or after the Additional Risk Event Start Date, of:  
(a) 
an Inconvertibility Event; 
(b) 
an Ownership Restriction Event;  
(c) 
a Settlement/Custodial Event; 
(d) 
a Reference Assets Liquidation Value Trigger Event; 
(e) 
a Non-Viability Trigger Event; 
(f) 
a Market Value Trigger Event; and/or 
(g) 
a Reference Assets Restructuring Event; and/or 
(h) 
any other Additional Risk Event specified in the Issue Terms. 
“Additional Risk Event Start Date” means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, the Trade Date or the Issue Date, as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms. 
“Affected Reference Entity” means a Reference Entity in respect of which a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant 
Risk Event, as applicable, has occurred (provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, for (a) Nth-to-Default Basket 
Credit Linked Notes, only the nth Reference Entity can be an Affected Reference Entity (b) Local Access Basket 
Credit Linked Notes, where “Redemption in Full” applies, all Reference Entities will be deemed to be Affected 
Reference Entities). 
“Aggregate Default Count” means, in respect of Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, on the Issue 
Date, zero and thereafter, an amount increased by each Event Determination Date by the Reference Entity Count 
(determined immediately prior to such Event Determination Date) of the related Reference Entity provided that 
if any Event Determination Date occurs at such time when the Calculation Agent has determined that there 
remains unresolved potential Credit Events which could result in an earlier Event Determination Date occurring 
with respect to one or more Reference Entities than the Event Determination Date in respect of any Reference 
Entity it is considering, such increase to the Aggregate Default Count shall not be effected until such time as 
the Calculation Agent has confirmed that no other earlier Event Determination Date could occur. 
“Aggregate Loss Amount” means at any time on any day: 
(a) 
in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes: 
(i) 
the aggregate of all Loss Amounts calculated with respect to all Affected Reference Entities for 
such Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes; plus 
(ii) 
the Aggregate Settled Entity Loss Amount calculated with respect to such Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes; or 
(b) 
in respect of Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the aggregate of all Loss Amounts calculated with 
respect to all Affected Reference Entities for such Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes.

--- Page 523 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
523 
“Aggregate Recovery Amount” means at any time on any day: 
(a) 
in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes: 
(i) 
the aggregate of all Recovery Amounts calculated with respect to all Affected Reference Entities 
for such Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes; plus 
(ii) 
the Aggregate Settled Entity Recovery Amount, if applicable, calculated with respect to the Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes; or 
(b) 
in respect of Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the aggregate of all Recovery Amounts calculated 
with respect to all Affected Reference Entities for such Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes. 
“Aggregate Settled Entity Loss Amount” means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, an 
amount equal to the aggregate of the Settled Entity Loss Amounts for all Settled Entities. 
“Aggregate Settled Entity Recovery Amount” means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, an 
amount equal to the aggregate of the Settled Entity Recovery Amounts for all Settled Entities. 
“Applicable Auction” means an Auction which the Calculation Agent determines is relevant to a Relevant 
Credit Event with respect to a relevant Reference Entity where the Deliverable Obligations set out on the Final 
List or the Deliverable Obligation Terms meet the Deliverable Obligation Provisions of the Credit Linked Notes 
(for which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account without limitation (a) the applicable Credit 
Event, Transaction Type and Reference Entity, whether the Credit Derivatives Definitions applies to such 
auction, the seniority of the transactions covered by such auction, whether a representative credit derivative 
transaction in unfunded format having economically equivalent terms as the Credit Linked Notes would be 
covered (if Auction Redemption applied and an “Event Determination Date” were deemed to occur), if the 
Auction relates to an M(M)R Restructuring, whether the designated ranges of scheduled termination dates 
covered by the auction would cover such representative credit derivative transaction with the same tenor as the 
Credit Linked Note and any connected DC Resolution and/or statement associated with such announcement. 
and (b) any Hedging Positions the Issuer has entered or may enter into in connection with the Credit Linked 
Notes that may impact, amongst other things, any determinations or calculations under such Credit Linked 
Notes).  
“Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms” means with respect to a relevant Reference 
Entity, a Credit Event and an Applicable Auction, the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms (if any) 
which the Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Credit Linked Notes (for which purpose the 
Calculation Agent may take into account without limitation (a) the applicable Credit Event, Transaction Type 
and Reference Entity, whether the Credit Derivatives Definitions applies to such auction, the seniority of the 
transactions covered by such auction, the Deliverable Obligations set out on the Final List, whether a 
representative credit derivative transaction in unfunded format having economically equivalent terms as the 
Credit Linked Notes would be covered (if Auction Redemption applied and an “Event Determination Date” 
were deemed to occur), whether the Deliverable Obligation Terms meet the Deliverable Obligation Provisions 
of the Credit Linked Notes and, if the Auction relates to an M(M)R Restructuring, whether the designated ranges 
of scheduled termination dates covered by the auction would cover such representative credit derivative 
transaction with the same tenor as the Credit Linked Notes and any connected DC Resolution and/or statement 
associated with such auction settlement terms) and (b) any Hedging Positions that the Issuer has entered or may 
enter into in connection with the Notes that may impact, amongst other things, any determinations or 
calculations under such Credit Linked Notes). The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable after the 
relevant Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms are published, notify the Issuer that 
Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms have been published with respect to an Affected

--- Page 524 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
524 
Reference Entity and a Relevant Credit Event. Copies of the Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement 
Terms are made available by the DC Secretary at its website (www.isda.org) or any successor website). 
“Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement” means a DC Credit Event Announcement which the 
Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Credit Linked Notes (for which purpose the Calculation Agent 
may take into account (a) the applicable Credit Event, Transaction Type and Reference Entity, whether the 
announcement relates to interpretation under the Credit Derivatives Definitions, the seniority of the obligation 
resulting in a credit event, the date the credit event occurred, the reference obligations in question and any 
connected DC Resolution (including in respect of the determination of a Credit Event Resolution Request Date) 
and/or statement associated with such announcement and (b) any Hedging Position that the Issuer has entered 
or may enter into in connection with the Credit Linked Notes). 
“Applicable DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement” means a DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement 
which the Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Credit Linked Notes (for which purpose the 
Calculation Agent may take into account without limitation (a) the applicable question submitted, the 
Transaction Type and Reference Entity, whether the announcement relates to interpretation under the Credit 
Derivatives Definitions, the obligations or seniority of the obligation(s) in question if relevant, the date the 
relevant event is stated to have occurred, the deliverable obligations and/or seniority of the deliverable 
obligations(s) in question, if relevant, the reference obligations in question and connected DC Resolution and/or 
statement associated with such announcement and (b) any Hedging Position that the Issuer has entered or may 
enter into in connection with the Credit Linked Notes). 
“Applicable DC Credit Event Question” means a DC Credit Event Question which the Calculation Agent 
determines is relevant to the Credit Linked Notes (for which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into 
account without limitation (a) the applicable question submitted, the Transaction Type and Reference Entity, 
whether the announcement relates to interpretation under the Credit Derivatives Definitions, the obligations or 
seniority of the obligation(s) in question if relevant, the date the relevant event is stated to have occurred, the 
reference obligations in question and any connected DC Resolution and/or statement associated with such 
announcement and (b) any credit hedging transaction that the Issuer has entered or may enter into in connection 
with the Credit Linked Notes that may impact, amongst other things, any determinations or calculations under 
such Credit Linked Notes). 
“Applicable DC Credit Event Question Dismissal” means a DC Credit Event Question Dismissal which the 
Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Credit Linked Notes (for which purpose the Calculation Agent 
may take into account without limitation (a) the applicable question submitted, the Transaction Type and 
Reference Entity, whether the announcement relates to interpretation under the Credit Derivatives Definitions, 
the obligations or seniority of the obligation(s) in question if relevant, the date the relevant event is stated to 
have occurred, the reference obligations in question, the date of such question dismissal and any connected DC 
Resolution and/or statement associated with such announcement and (b) any Hedging Position that the Issuer 
has entered or may enter into in connection with the Credit Linked Notes that may impact, amongst other things, 
any determinations or calculations under such Credit Linked Notes). 
“Applicable DC No Credit Event Announcement” means a DC No Credit Event Announcement which the 
Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Credit Linked Notes (for which purpose the Calculation Agent 
may take into account without limitation (a) applicable Credit Event, Transaction Type and Reference Entity, 
whether the announcement relates to interpretation under the Credit Derivatives Definitions, the seniority of the 
obligation resulting in a credit event, the date the credit event occurred, the reference obligations in question 
and any connected DC Resolutions and/or statements associated with such announcement and (b) any Hedging 
Position that the Issuer has entered or may enter into in connection with the Credit Linked Notes that may 
impact, amongst other things, any determinations or calculations under such Credit Linked Notes).

--- Page 525 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
525 
“Applicable Principal Currency Amount” means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes and a Reference Entity, an amount equal to the nominal 
amount of the Reference Investor Assets of such Reference Entity, expressed as the Settlement Currency 
Principal Amount or the LCY Reference Amount, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Applicable Proportion” means (subject to the relevant provisions set out in Credit Linked Condition 23 
(Successor Provisions)), in respect of a Relevant Credit Event or Relevant Risk Event (as applicable) and a 
Credit Linked Note: 
(a) 
in the case of Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth to-Default Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket 
Credit Linked Notes and Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, the product of: 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination of each Credit Linked Note; and 
(ii) 
(A) 
if the Relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring: 
(I) 
in respect of a Single Name Credit Linked Note, or an Nth-to-Default Basket Credit 
Linked Note, 100 per cent.; or 
(II) 
in respect of a Linear Basket Credit Linked Note or an Index Untranched Credit 
Linked Note, an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (x) the Reference 
Entity Notional Amount relating to the relevant Affected Reference Entity, divided 
by (y) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Notes or Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, as applicable; or 
(B) 
if the Relevant Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring, an amount (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to (x) the Exercise Amount specified in the relevant Credit Event Notice 
relating to the relevant Reference Entity and Credit Event, divided by (y) the Original 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes; 
(b) 
in the case of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the 
product of: 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination of each Credit Linked Note; and 
(ii) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (A) the relevant Principal Writedown Amount 
with respect to an Affected Reference Entity and Relevant Credit Event, divided by (B) the 
Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes;  
(c) 
in the case of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes, the product of: 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination of each Credit Linked Note; and 
(ii) 
100 per cent.; and 
(d) 
in the case of Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes: 
(a) 
if “Redemption in Part” applies (or is deemed to apply) to such Credit Linked Notes, an amount 
(expressed as a percentage) equal to: 
(A) 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount relating to the relevant Affected Reference Entity; 
divided by  
(B) 
the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes; 
or  
(b) 
if “Redemption in Full” applies to such Credit Linked Notes, the product of:

--- Page 526 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
526 
(A) 
the Specified Denomination of each Credit Linked Note; and 
(B) 
100 per cent. 
“Applicable Resolution” means a DC Resolution of a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee which the 
Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Credit Linked Notes (for which purpose the Calculation Agent 
may take into account without limitation (a) the applicable question submitted, the Transaction Type and 
Reference Entity, whether the announcement relates to interpretation under the Credit Derivatives Definitions, 
the obligations or seniority of the obligation(s) in question if relevant, the date the relevant event is stated to 
have occurred, the reference obligations in question and any connected DC Resolution and/or statement 
associated with such announcement and (b) any Hedging Position that the Issuer has entered or may enter into 
in connection with the Credit Linked Notes). 
“Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms” means, with respect to a relevant Reference Entity and 
a Credit Event, the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms which the Calculation Agent 
determines constitute Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
“Argentine Reference Entity” means a Reference Entity to which the “2020 Additional Provisions for the 
Argentine Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020)” apply. 
“Asset” means each obligation, equity, amount of cash, security, fee (including any “early-bird” or other consent 
fee), right and/or other asset, whether tangible or otherwise and whether issued, incurred, paid or provided by 
the relevant Reference Entity or a third party (or any value which was realised or capable of being realised in 
circumstances where the right and/or other asset no longer exists). 
“Asset Market Value” means the market value of an Asset, as the Calculation Agent shall determine by 
reference to an appropriate specialist valuation or in accordance with the methodology determined by the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
“Asset Package” means, in respect of an Asset Package Credit Event, all of the Assets in the proportion received 
or retained by a Relevant Holder in connection with such relevant Asset Package Credit Event (which may 
include the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as the case may be). If the Relevant 
Holder is offered a choice of Assets or a choice of combination of Assets, the Asset Package will be the Largest 
Asset Package. If the Relevant Holder is offered, receives and retains nothing, the Asset Package shall be 
deemed to be zero. An Asset Package shall be treated as having the same currency and Outstanding Principal 
Balance as that of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as applicable, to which it 
corresponds immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event. 
“Asset Package Credit Event” means: 
(a) 
if “Financial Reference Entity Terms” and “Governmental Intervention” apply: (i) a Governmental 
Intervention; or (ii) a Restructuring in respect of the Reference Obligation of the relevant Reference 
Entity, if “Restructuring” applies and such Restructuring does not constitute a Governmental 
Intervention; and 
(b) 
if the relevant Reference Entity is a Sovereign and “Restructuring” applies, a Restructuring, 
in each case, whether or not such event is specified as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or 
the DC Credit Event Announcement. 
“Attachment Point” means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes, the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms.

--- Page 527 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
527 
“Auction” means, with respect to a relevant Reference Entity and a Relevant Credit Event, unless otherwise 
specified in the Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms, an auction pursuant to which an Auction 
Final Price is to be determined in accordance with the auction procedure set out in the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
“Auction Cancellation Date” means, with respect to an Auction, unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms, the date on which such Auction was deemed to have been 
cancelled as announced by the DC Secretary (and/or the administrators specified in the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms) on its website or such other date as determined and announced in 
accordance with the relevant Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
“Auction Final Price” means, with respect to an Applicable Auction, unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms, the price (expressed as a percentage) in respect of the 
deliverable obligations which would constitute Reference Obligation(s) and/or Deliverable Obligation(s) under 
the Credit Linked Notes or if an Asset Package Credit Event has resulted in such Applicable Auction, in respect 
of the Asset Package which results from either a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond 
under the Credit Linked Notes. The Auction Final Price with respect to a Reference Entity and a related Credit 
Event 
can 
be 
obtained 
at 
the 
auction 
administrator’s 
website 
at 
http://www.creditfixings.com/CreditEventAuctions/fixings.jsp or any successor website. 
“Auction Final Price Determination Date” means, with respect to an Applicable Auction, the day, if any, on 
which the Auction Final Price is determined or such other date as specified in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
“Auction Redemption Amount” means, in respect of each Single Name Credit Linked Note, Nth-to-Default 
Basket Credit Linked Note, Linear Basket Credit Linked Note or Index Untranched Credit Linked Note, unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the 
greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the product of: 
(A) the Applicable Proportion; and 
(B) the Auction Final Price; minus 
(ii) 
each Credit Linked Note’s pro rata share of the Unwind Costs, if any.  
“Auction Redemption Amount Notice” means a notice in writing specifying the Auction Redemption Amount, 
the Index Tranched Redemption Amount or Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount, as applicable, relating to 
any Relevant Credit Event and the related Final Auction Redemption Amount, Index Tranched Final 
Redemption Amount or Portfolio Tranched Final Redemption Amount, as applicable, including the Auction 
Final Price, any Loss Amount, Recovery Amount, Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount, and/or Index 
Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount and/or Portfolio Tranched 
Incurred Recovery Amount, as applicable, and the Unwind Costs, if any. 
“Auction Redemption Date” means the date that is the number of Business Days specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms (or, if a number of Business Days is not so specified, five Business Days) following the date on which 
the Issuer delivers the Auction Redemption Amount Notice to the Fiscal Agent. 
“Bankruptcy” means the relevant Reference Entity:

--- Page 528 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
528 
(a) 
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(b) 
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a judicial, regulatory or 
administrative proceeding or filing its inability generally to pay its debts as they become due; 
(c) 
makes a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors 
generally, or such a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition becomes effective; 
(d) 
institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any 
other similar relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other law affecting creditors’ rights, or a 
petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition 
instituted or presented against it, such proceeding or petition: 
(i) 
results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making 
of an order for its winding-up or liquidation; or 
(ii) 
is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within thirty calendar days of the 
institution or presentation thereof; 
(e) 
has a resolution passed for its winding-up or liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger); 
(f) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, 
receiver, trustee, custodian, monitor or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; 
(g) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, 
attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially 
all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, 
discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within thirty calendar days thereafter; or 
(h) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, 
has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (a) to (g) of this definition. 
“Capital Ratio” means, in respect of a CoCo Reference Entity, the ratio of capital to risk weighted assets 
applicable to the Obligation, as described in the terms thereof in effect from time to time. 
“Cash Redemption Amount” means, in respect of each Single Name Credit Linked Note, Nth-to-Default 
Basket Credit Linked Note, Linear Basket Credit Linked Note or Index Untranched Credit Linked Note, unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the 
greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the product of: 
(A) the Applicable Proportion; and 
(B) (I) the Final Price or (II) where “Fixed Recovery Redemption” is applicable, the Fixed 
Recovery Percentage; minus 
(ii) 
each Credit Linked Note’s pro rata share of the Unwind Costs, if any.  
“Cash Redemption Amount Notice” means a notice in writing specifying the Cash Redemption Amount, the 
Index Tranched Redemption Amount or Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount, as applicable, relating to any 
Relevant Credit Event and the related Final Cash Redemption Amount, Index Tranched Final Redemption

--- Page 529 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
529 
Amount or Portfolio Tranched Final Redemption Amount, as applicable, including the Final Price, any Loss 
Amount, Recovery Amount, Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount and/or Index Tranched Incurred Recovery 
Amount, Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount and/or Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount, as 
applicable, and Unwind Costs, if any, together with (i) the Valuation Obligation(s) which were the subject of 
the Quotation, (ii) the Valuation Date, (iii) the Quotation Amount, (iv) each such Quotation that it received in 
connection with the calculation of the Final Price and (v) a written computation showing such calculation. 
“Cash Redemption Date” means the date that is the number of Business Days specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms (or, if a number of Business Days is not so specified, five Business Days) following the date on which 
the Issuer delivers the Cash Redemption Amount Notice to the Fiscal Agent. 
“Certificate Balance” means, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity and in the case of an Insured 
Instrument that is in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, the unit principal 
balance, certificate balance or similar measure of unreimbursed principal investment. 
“CoCo Provision” means, in respect of a CoCo Reference Entity and with respect to an Obligation, a provision 
which requires (i) a permanent or temporary reduction of the amount of principal payable at redemption or (ii) 
a conversion of principal into shares or another instrument, in each case, if the Capital Ratio is at or below the 
Trigger Percentage. For the avoidance of doubt, the operation of one or more CoCo Provisions shall not result 
in delivery of the Deliverable Obligation to Noteholders. 
“CoCo Reference Entity” means a Reference Entity to which the “2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014)” applies. 
“Conditionally Transferable Obligation” means a Deliverable Obligation that is either Transferable, in the 
case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Modified Eligible Transferees without the consent 
of any person being required, in the case of any Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds, in each case, as of 
the Delivery Date, provided, however, that a Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds will be a Conditionally 
Transferable Obligation notwithstanding that consent of the relevant Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, 
of a Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds (or the consent of the relevant obligor if the relevant Reference 
Entity is guaranteeing such Deliverable Obligation) or any agent is required for such novation, assignment or 
transfer, so long as the terms of such Deliverable Obligation provide that such consent may not be unreasonably 
withheld or delayed. Any requirement that notification of novation, assignment or transfer of a Deliverable 
Obligation be provided to a trustee, administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent for a Deliverable 
Obligation shall not be considered to be a requirement for consent for the purposes of this definition of 
“Conditionally Transferable Obligation”. 
In respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, in the event that a Conditionally Transferable Obligation is 
a Qualifying Policy, the Insured Instrument must meet the requirements of this definition, and if the benefit of 
the Qualifying Policy is not transferred as part of any transfer of the Insured Instrument, the Qualifying Policy 
must be transferable at least to the same extent as the Insured Instrument. References in this definition to the 
guarantor and guaranteeing shall be deemed to include the insurer and insuring, respectively. 
“Conforming Reference Obligation” means a Reference Obligation which is a Deliverable Obligation 
determined in accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of “Deliverable Obligation”. 
“Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms” means any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms 
published by the DC Secretary on its website at https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org (or any 
successor website thereto) from time to time and may be amended from time to time. The Calculation Agent 
shall be authorised to construe any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms (including any Transaction 
Auction Settlement Terms or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms) in such manner as it shall determine in its 
discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, to be necessary in order to give effect to the meaning

--- Page 530 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
530 
of any word or expression used herein which is defined by reference to such Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
“Credit Derivatives Definitions” means the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, as published by ISDA, 
as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
“Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee” means each committee established pursuant to the DC 
Rules for the purposes of reaching certain DC Resolutions. 
“Credit Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following Credit Events as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms: Bankruptcy, Failure to Pay, Obligation Acceleration, Obligation Default, 
Repudiation/Moratorium, Restructuring or Governmental Intervention. If an occurrence would otherwise 
constitute a Credit Event, such occurrence will constitute a Credit Event whether or not such occurrence arises 
directly or indirectly from, or is subject to a defence based upon: 
(a) 
any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of the relevant Reference Entity to enter into any 
Obligation or, as applicable, an Underlying Obligor to enter into any Underlying Obligation; 
(b) 
any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect to any 
Obligation or, as applicable, any Underlying Obligation, however described; 
(c) 
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the promulgation of, or 
any change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or similar administrative or 
judicial body with competent or apparent jurisdiction of any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or 
notice, however described; or 
(d) 
the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any other similar 
restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority, however described. 
In respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, for the purposes of this definition, references to the 
Underlying Obligation and the Underlying Obligor shall be deemed to include Insured Instruments and the 
Insured Obligor, respectively. 
“Credit Event Backstop Date” means, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be the Trade 
Date or the Issue Date: 
(a) 
for the purposes of any event that constitutes a Credit Event (or, with respect to a 
Repudiation/Moratorium, if applicable, the event described in sub-paragraph (b) of the definition 
thereof), as determined by DC Resolution, the date that is 60 calendar days prior to the Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date; or 
(b) 
otherwise, the date that is 60 calendar days prior to the earlier of (i) the “Notice Delivery Date”, if the 
Notice Delivery Date occurs during the Notice Delivery Period and (ii) the Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date, if the Notice Delivery Date occurs during the Post Dismissal Additional Period. 
The Credit Event Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day 
Convention. 
“Credit Event Notice” means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer for onward 
delivery to the Fiscal Agent and the Noteholders, which the Calculation Agent has the right (but not the 
obligation) to deliver, which: 
(a) 
identifies the Series of Credit Linked Notes to which the Credit Event Notice relates;

--- Page 531 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
531 
(b) 
states the Calculation Agent’s intention for the Issuer to either redeem or write down the relevant Credit 
Linked Notes, as applicable, by the Applicable Proportion thereof, in accordance with the relevant Credit 
Event Redemption Method and the applicable Fallback Redemption Method; and 
(c) 
describes a Credit Event that occurred on or after the Credit Event Backstop Date and on or prior to the 
Extension Date. 
Any Credit Event Notice that describes a Credit Event that occurred after the Scheduled Maturity Date must 
relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace Period Extension Date, or the relevant 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
A Credit Event Notice that describes a Credit Event other than an M(M)R Restructuring must be in respect of 
the full Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the relevant Credit Linked Notes or the full Reference 
Entity Notional Amount of the Affected Reference Entity, as applicable, in the relevant Series, subject to Credit 
Linked Condition 23 (Successor Provisions). 
A Credit Event Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination 
that a Relevant Credit Event has occurred. The Relevant Credit Event that is the subject of the Credit Event 
Notice need not be continuing on the date the Credit Event Notice is effective. 
“Credit Event Redemption Amount” means, the Auction Redemption Amount, Cash Redemption Amount, 
Index Tranched Redemption Amount, Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount or the LA Cash Redemption 
Amount.  
“Credit Event Redemption Date” means: 
(a) 
in respect of Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes or Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Notes: 
(i) 
if “Credit Payment following Credit Event” applies, the Auction Redemption Date or the Cash 
Redemption Date; 
(ii) 
if “Credit Payment on Maturity” applies, the Final Auction Redemption Date or the Final Cash 
Redemption Date; or  
(iii) 
if “Physical Redemption” applies as the Credit Event Redemption Method or the Fallback 
Redemption Method, the Physical Redemption Date; 
(b) 
in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes: 
(i) 
if “Credit Payment following Credit Event” applies, the Auction Redemption Date or the Cash 
Redemption Date; or 
(ii) 
if “Credit Payment on Maturity” applies, the Final Auction Redemption Date or the Final Cash 
Redemption Date; or 
(c) 
in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked 
Notes: 
(i) 
if “Credit Payment following Risk Event” applies, the LA Cash Redemption Date; 
(ii) 
if “Credit Payment on Maturity” applies, the Final LA Cash Redemption Date; or 
(iii) 
if “LA Physical Redemption” applies as the Risk Event Redemption Method, the LA Physical 
Redemption Date.

--- Page 532 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
532 
“Credit Event Redemption Method” means:  
(a) 
in respect of Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes or Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Notes, Auction Redemption, Cash Redemption, Physical Redemption or Fixed 
Recovery Redemption; or 
(b) 
in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Auction Redemption, Cash Redemption or Fixed Recovery Redemption, 
in each case, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Credit Event Resolution Request Date” means, with respect to a DC Credit Event Question, the date, as 
publicly announced by the DC Secretary or as set out in any DC Resolution, that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee Resolves to be the date on which the DC Credit Event Question was effective and 
on which the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was in possession of Publicly Available 
Information with respect to such DC Credit Event Question. 
“Credit Event Writedown Date” means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes and a Relevant Credit Event, the first day immediately following the Relevant 
Event Determination Date relating to such Relevant Credit Event. 
“Credit Linked Note” means a Single Name Credit Linked Note, an Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked 
Note, a Linear Basket Credit Linked Note, an Index Untranched Credit Linked Note, an Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Note, a Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note, a Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note 
or a Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note.  
“Credit Payment on Maturity Amount” means, on any day, if “Credit Payment on Maturity” applies, the 
aggregate of all Auction Redemption Amounts, Cash Redemption Amounts, Index Tranched Redemption 
Amounts, Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amounts or LA Cash Redemption Amounts, as applicable, calculated 
on such day.  
“CRR” means Article 63 of Regulation 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013, as amended or replaced from time to time. 
“Currency Amount” means, with respect to (a) a Deliverable Obligation specified in a Notice of Physical 
Settlement that is denominated in a currency other than the Settlement Currency, an amount converted to the 
Settlement Currency using a conversion rate determined by reference to the Currency Rate and (b) a 
Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a NOPS Amendment Notice, an amount converted to the 
Settlement Currency (or, if applicable, back into the Settlement Currency) using a conversion rate determined 
by reference to the Currency Rate, if any, and each Revised Currency Rate used to convert each Replaced 
Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount specified in each NOPS Amendment Notice into the currency of 
denomination of the relevant Replacement Deliverable Obligation. 
“Currency Rate” means with respect to (a) a Deliverable Obligation specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement, the rate of conversion between the Settlement Currency and the currency in which the Outstanding 
Amount of such Deliverable Obligation is denominated that is either (i) determined by reference to the Currency 
Rate Source as at the Next Currency Fixing Time or (ii) if such rate is not available at such time, as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine and (b) a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a NOPS 
Amendment Notice, the Revised Currency Rate. 
“Currency Rate Source” means the mid-point rate of conversion published by WM/Reuters at 4:00 p.m. 
(London time), or any successor rate source approved by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee.

--- Page 533 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
533 
“CUSIP” means, with respect to a security, the “CUSIP” identification number assigned to such security (if 
any). 
“Custodian” means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket 
Credit Linked Notes, any custodian (including the Reference Custodian), sub-custodian, depositary, settlement 
system, bank or clearing house (or any agent or delegate of any of the foregoing) or any exchange used by a 
Reference Investor as part of any Reference Custodial/Settlement Arrangement entered into from time to time. 
“DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date” means, with respect to a DC Credit Event Announcement, the 
Auction Final Price Determination Date, the Auction Cancellation Date, or the date that is 14 calendar days 
following the No Auction Announcement Date, if any, as applicable. 
“DC Credit Event Announcement” means, with respect to the relevant Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
Resolved that an event that constitutes a Credit Event has occurred on or after the Credit Event Backstop Date 
and on or prior to the Extension Date provided that if the Credit Event occurred after the Scheduled Maturity 
Date, the DC Credit Event Announcement must relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a 
Grace Period Extension Date, or the relevant Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a Repudiation/Moratorium 
Evaluation Date. 
“DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement” means, with respect to the relevant Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will be convened to 
Resolve the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
“DC Credit Event Question” means a notice to the DC Secretary requesting that a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve an issue in respect to a Reference Entity. 
“DC Credit Event Question Dismissal” means, with respect to a relevant Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
Resolved not to determine the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
“DC-determined EDD” has the meaning given in Credit Linked Condition 13(b) (Ordering of Event 
Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date following multiple Credit Events or Risk Events). 
“DC No Credit Event Announcement” means, with respect to the relevant Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
Resolved that an event that is the subject of a DC Credit Event Question does not constitute a Credit Event with 
respect to such Reference Entity. 
“DC Resolution” means a resolution of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee in accordance with 
the definition of “Resolve” below. 
“DC Rules” means the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Rules, as published by the DC Secretary 
on its website https://www.cdsdeterminationscommittees.org/ (or any successor website thereto) from time to 
time and as amended from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof. 
“DC Secretary” means DC Administration Services, Inc. or such other entity designated as DC Secretary in 
accordance with the DC Rules. 
“Default Requirement” means the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or its equivalent in the 
relevant Obligation Currency (or, if no such amount is specified, USD 10,000,000 or its equivalent in the 
relevant Obligation Currency) in either case, as of the occurrence of the Relevant Credit Event.

--- Page 534 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
534 
“Deliver” means to deliver, novate, transfer (including, in the case of a Guarantee, transfer of the benefit of the 
Guarantee), assign or sell, as appropriate, in the manner customary for the settlement of the applicable 
Deliverable Obligations (which shall include executing all necessary documentation and taking any other 
necessary actions): 
(a) 
in order to convey all right, title (or, with respect to Deliverable Obligations where any equitable title is 
customarily conveyed, all equitable title) and interest in the Deliverable Obligations specified in the 
Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, to the relevant 
Noteholder; and 
(b) 
free and clear of any and all liens, charges, claims or encumbrances (excluding any liens routinely 
imposed on all securities in a relevant clearing system, but including, without limitation, any 
counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence based on the factors set forth in paragraphs 
(a) to (d) of the definition of “Credit Event”) or right of set-off by or of the relevant Reference Entity or 
any applicable Underlying Obligor), 
provided that: 
(i) 
if a Deliverable Obligation is a Direct Loan Participation, “Deliver” means to create (or procure 
the creation of) a participation in favour of the relevant Noteholder; and 
(ii) 
if a Deliverable Obligation is a Guarantee, “Deliver” means to Deliver both the Underlying 
Obligation and the Guarantee, 
provided further that if the Guarantee has a Fixed Cap, “Deliver” means to Deliver the Underlying 
Obligation, the Guarantee and all claims to any amounts which are subject to such Fixed Cap. 
“Delivery” and “Delivered” will be construed accordingly. 
In the case of a Loan, Delivery shall be effected using documentation substantially in the form of the 
documentation customarily used in the relevant market for Delivery of such Loan at that time provided further 
that each of the Issuer and each Noteholder agrees to comply with the provisions of any documentation (which 
shall be deemed to include any market advisory that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
Resolves to approve for such purpose) that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves 
constitutes documentation customarily used in the relevant market for Delivery of such Loan at that time, as 
such documentation may be amended to the extent the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
Resolves is appropriate, which is consistent with the delivery and payment obligations of the parties hereunder. 
The Issuer and each Noteholder further agrees that compliance by it with the provisions of any such 
documentation, shall be required for, and, without further action, constitute, Delivery for the purposes of this 
definition (to the extent that such documentation contains provisions describing how Delivery should be 
effected) and neither the Issuer nor any Noteholder shall be permitted to request that the other take, nor shall it 
be required to take, any action under Credit Linked Condition 18(b) (Physical Redemption Assets) or 18(k) (LA 
Physical Redemption Terms) unless otherwise contemplated by such documentation. 
In respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, “Deliver” with respect to an obligation that is a Qualifying 
Policy means to Deliver both the Insured Instrument and the benefit of the Qualifying Policy (or a custodial 
receipt issued by an internationally recognised custodian representing an interest in such Insured Instrument 
and the related Qualifying Policy), and “Delivery” and “Delivered” will be construed accordingly. Further, for 
the purposes of this definition, references to the Underlying Obligation and the Underlying Obligor shall be 
deemed to include Insured Instruments and the Insured Obligor, respectively.

--- Page 535 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
535 
“Deliverable Obligation” means: 
(a) 
any obligation of the relevant Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) 
or in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy, determined pursuant to the 
“Method for determining Deliverable Obligations” below; 
(b) 
the Reference Obligation or Reference Assets, as applicable, of the relevant Reference Entity; 
(c) 
solely in relation to a Restructuring Credit Event applicable to a relevant Reference Entity which is a 
Sovereign, and unless Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Sovereign Restructured Deliverable 
Obligation; and 
(d) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Prior Deliverable Obligation (if, “Financial Reference Entity 
Terms” applies) or any Package Observable Bond (if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign), 
in each case, (i) unless it is an Excluded Deliverable Obligation and (ii) provided that the obligation has an 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount that is greater than zero (determined for the 
purposes of paragraph (d) of this definition, immediately prior to the relevant Asset Package Credit Event). 
(A) 
Method for determining Deliverable Obligations 
For the purposes of this definition of “Deliverable Obligation”, a Deliverable Obligation shall be each 
Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity described by the Deliverable Obligation Category specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms, and, subject to Credit Linked Condition 28 (Interpretation of Obligation 
Characteristics and Deliverable Obligation Characteristics), having each of the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics, if any, specified in the relevant Issue Terms, in each case, as of the Delivery Date (unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms). The following terms shall have the following meanings: 
(I) 
“Deliverable Obligation Category” means one of Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference 
Obligation Only, Reference Assets Only Settlement, Bond, Loan, or Bond or Loan (each as 
defined in the definition of “Obligation” below, except that, for the purposes of determining 
Deliverable Obligations, the definition of “Reference Obligation Only” or “Reference Assets 
Only Settlement”, as applicable, shall be amended to state that no Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics shall be applicable to Reference Obligation Only or Reference Assets Only 
Settlement, as applicable). 
(II) 
“Deliverable Obligation Characteristics” means any one or more of Not Subordinated, 
Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed, 
Not Domestic Issuance, (each as defined in the definition of “Obligation” below), Assignable 
Loan, Consent Required Loan, Direct Loan Participation, Transferable, Maximum Maturity, 
Accelerated or Matured and Not Bearer. For the avoidance of doubt, in respect of a Limited 
Recourse Obligation, the Not Subordinated Characteristic will be deemed to have been satisfied. 
(1) 
“Accelerated or Matured” means an obligation under which the principal amount owed, 
whether by reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise, is due and payable 
in full in accordance with the terms of such obligation, or would have been but for, and 
without regard to, any limitation imposed under any applicable insolvency laws; 
(2) 
“Assignable Loan” means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated to, at a 
minimum, commercial banks or financial institutions (irrespective of their jurisdiction of 
organisation) that are not then a lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate, 
without the consent of the relevant Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan 
(or the consent of the applicable borrower if the relevant Reference Entity is guaranteeing 
such Loan) or any agent;

--- Page 536 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
536 
(3) 
“Consent Required Loan” means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated 
with the consent of the Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the 
consent of the relevant borrower if the relevant Reference Entity is guaranteeing such 
Loan) or any agent; 
(4) 
“Direct Loan Participation” means a Loan in respect of which, pursuant to a 
participation agreement, Issuer is capable of creating, or procuring the creation of, a 
contractual right in favour of each Noteholder that provides each such Noteholder with 
recourse to the participation seller for a specified share in any payments due under the 
relevant Loan which are received by such participation seller, any such agreement to be 
entered into between each such Noteholder and either (A) the Issuer and/or any of its 
Affiliates, as the case may be (to the extent the Issuer and/or any such Affiliate, as 
applicable, is then a lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate), or (B) any 
lender or member of the relevant lending syndicate nominated by the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent; 
(5) 
“Maximum Maturity” means an obligation that has a remaining maturity of not greater 
than the period specified in the relevant Issue Terms (or if no such period is specified, 30 
years); 
(6) 
“Not Bearer” means any obligation that is not a bearer instrument unless interests with 
respect to such bearer instrument are cleared via the Euroclear system, Clearstream 
International or any other internationally recognised clearing system; and 
(7) 
“Transferable” means an obligation that is transferable to institutional investors without 
any contractual, statutory or regulatory restriction provided that none of the following 
shall be considered contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions: 
(a) 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions that provide for eligibility for resale 
pursuant to Rule 144A or Regulation S promulgated under the U.S. Securities Act 
of 1933, as amended (and any contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions 
promulgated under the laws of any jurisdiction having a similar effect in relation 
to the eligibility for resale of an obligation); 
(b) 
restrictions on permitted investments such as statutory or regulatory investment 
restrictions on insurance companies and pension funds; or 
(c) 
restrictions in respect of blocked periods on or around payment dates or voting 
periods. 
Notwithstanding the definition of “Deliverable Obligation” above: 
(a) 
in respect of: 
(I) 
a Hellenic Reference Entity, any obligation that is a “Bond or a Loan” that was issued or 
incurred, as the case may be, on or prior to 1 February 2012; 
(II) 
an Ecuador Reference Entity, any obligation that is a “Bond” that was issued on or prior 
to 20 April 2020; 
(III) 
an Argentine Reference Entity, any obligation that is a “Bond” that was issued on or prior 
to 31 August 2020;

--- Page 537 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
537 
(IV) 
a Ukraine Reference Entity, any obligation that is a “Bond” that was issued on or prior to 
1 November 2015; or 
(V) 
a Venezuelan Covered Reference Entity, for so long as sanctions imposed by any and all 
Venezuelan Orders continue to subsist with respect to such Venezuelan Covered Reference 
Entity (as determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee), any 
obligation that is Restricted Debt, 
shall, in each case, be an “Excluded Deliverable Obligation”; 
(b) 
in respect of a Hungary Reference Entity, “Deliverable Obligation” shall also include any 
National Bank of Hungary Deliverable Obligation;  
(c) 
in respect of a Russian Reference Entity, any obligation that is, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, an IAN, a MinFin or a PRIN shall not constitute a Deliverable Obligation; 
and 
(d) 
in respect of an LPN Reference Entity, each Reference Obligation will be a Deliverable 
Obligation regardless of whether such obligation is an obligation of such LPN Reference Entity. 
For the purposes of this definition: 
(I) 
with respect to any LPN Reference Obligation that specifies an Underlying Loan or an 
Underlying Finance Instrument, the Outstanding Principal Balance shall be determined by 
reference to the Underlying Loan or Underlying Finance Instrument (as applicable) 
relating to such LPN Reference Obligation; and 
(II) 
the “Not Subordinated” Obligation Characteristic and Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic shall be construed as if no Reference Obligation was specified in respect of 
such LPN Reference Entity. 
“Deliverable Obligation Notice” has the meaning given to it in Credit Linked Condition 18(a)(iii)(C) (Delivery 
of Physical Redemption Assets) or 18(k)(ii)(B) (Delivery of LA Settlement Assets). 
“Deliverable Obligation Provisions” means the provisions of the Credit Linked Notes that specify criteria for 
establishing what obligations may constitute Deliverable Obligations. 
“Deliverable Obligation Terms” has the meaning set out in the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement 
Terms. 
“Delivery Date” means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation or an Asset Package, the date on which such 
Deliverable Obligation is Delivered (or deemed to be delivered in accordance with the definition of “Deliver”). 
“Delivery Expenses” means all costs, taxes (including transaction taxes), duties and/or expenses, including 
stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax and/or other costs, duties or taxes arising from the delivery of the Physical 
Redemption Assets and/or LA Settlement Assets and in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, shall 
additionally include any transfer or similar fee reasonably incurred by the Issuer in connection with the Delivery 
of a Qualifying Policy and payable to the Reference Entity. 
“Domestic Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms and any successor 
currency thereto (or if no such currency is specified, the lawful currency and any successor currency of (a) the 
relevant Reference Entity, if the relevant Reference Entity is a Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in which the 
relevant Reference Entity is organised, if the Reference Entity is not a Sovereign).

--- Page 538 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
538 
“Domestic Law” means each of the laws of (a) the relevant Reference Entity, if such Reference Entity is a 
Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in which the relevant Reference Entity is organised, if such Reference Entity 
is not a Sovereign. 
“Downstream Affiliate” means an entity whose outstanding Voting Shares were, at the date of issuance of the 
Qualifying Guarantee, more than 50 per cent owned, directly or indirectly, by the relevant Reference Entity. 
“Due and Payable Amount” means an amount equal to: 
(a) 
the amount that is due and payable by the relevant Reference Entity under the obligation whether by 
reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise (excluding sums in respect of default interest, 
indemnities, tax gross-ups and other similar amounts); less  
(b) 
the Unwind Costs, the Delivery Expenses and Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount (in each case, if 
any); plus  
(c) 
all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the obligation (i) is subject to any 
Prohibited Action, or (ii) may otherwise be reduced as a result of the effluxion of time or the occurrence 
or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than by way of (A) payment or (B) a Permitted 
Contingency),  
in each case, determined in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect on either (I) the Delivery Date, 
(II) the Valuation Date or (III) the LA Physical Redemption Date, as applicable. 
“Ecuador Reference Entity” means a Reference Entity to which the “2020 Additional Provisions for the 
Republic of Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020)” apply. 
“Effective Date” means, in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes and the relevant Index, the date specified as such in respect of the Index in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Eligible Information” means information which is publicly available or which can be made public without 
violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such 
information. 
“Eligible Transferee” means: 
(a) 
any: 
(i) 
bank or other financial institution; 
(ii) 
insurance or reinsurance company; 
(iii) 
mutual fund, unit trust or similar collective investment vehicle (other than an entity specified in 
sub-paragraph (i) of this definition); and 
(iv) 
registered or licensed broker or dealer (other than a natural person or proprietorship), 
provided, however, in each case that such entity has total assets of at least USD 500,000,000; 
(b) 
an Affiliate of an entity specified in the paragraph (a) of this definition; 
(c) 
each of a corporation, partnership, proprietorship, organisation, trust or other entity: 
(i) 
that is an investment vehicle (including, without limitation, any hedge fund, issuer of 
collateralised debt obligation, commercial paper conduit or other special purpose vehicle) that 
(A) has total assets of at least USD 100,000,000 or (B) is one of a group of investment vehicles

--- Page 539 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
539 
under common control or management having, in the aggregate, total assets of at least USD 
100,000,000; 
(ii) 
that has total assets of at least USD 500,000,000; or 
(iii) 
the obligations of which under an agreement, contract or transaction are guaranteed or otherwise 
supported by a letter of credit or keepwell, support or other agreement by an entity described in 
sub-paragraph (a), (b), (c)(ii) or (d) of this definition; and 
(d) 
 
(i) 
any Sovereign; or 
(ii) 
any entity or organisation established by treaty or other arrangement between two or more 
Sovereigns including, without limiting the foregoing, the International Monetary Fund, European 
Central Bank, International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and European Bank for 
Reconstruction and Development. 
All references in this definition of “Eligible Transferee” to USD include equivalent amounts in other currencies 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Euroclear” means Euroclear Bank SA/NV. 
“Event Determination Date” means Standard Event Determination Date or Non-Standard Event 
Determination Date, as applicable. 
“Excluded Deliverable Obligation” means: 
(a) 
any Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the relevant 
Issue Terms; 
(b) 
any principal only component of a Bond from which some or all of the interest components have been 
stripped; and 
(c) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Obligation issued or incurred on or after the date of the 
relevant Asset Package Credit Event. 
“Excluded Obligation” means: 
(a) 
any Obligation of a relevant Reference Entity specified as such or of a type specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms; 
(b) 
if “Financial Reference Entity Terms” applies and the relevant Reference Entity is a Senior Reference 
Entity, then for the purposes of determining whether a Governmental Intervention or Restructuring has 
occurred, any Subordinated Obligation; and 
(c) 
if “Financial Reference Entity Terms” applies and the relevant Reference Entity is a Subordinated 
Reference Entity, then for the purposes of determining whether a Governmental Intervention or 
Restructuring has occurred, any Further Subordinated Obligation. 
“Exercise Amount” has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 15 (M(M)R Restructuring). 
“Exhaustion Point” means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes, the percentage specified as such in the Issue Terms. 
“Extended Maturity Date” means, if Scheduled Maturity Date Extension applies pursuant to Credit Linked 
Condition 14 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension) and where:

--- Page 540 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
540 
(a) 
no Relevant Event Determination Date or Relevant Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, occurs 
on or prior to the Notes Extension Date under limbs (I), (II) and (III) of Credit Linked Condition 14 
(Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), the latest to occur of: 
(i) 
the date falling five Business Days after the Notes Extension Date; 
(ii) 
the final Credit Event Redemption Date in relation to any unsettled Relevant Credit Events or 
Relevant Risk Events, as applicable, or if later, any Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date 
(including any final Partial Cash Redemption Date or final Fallback Cash Redemption Date); 
(iii) 
the date falling five Business Days after the Payment Failure Cut-Off Date, if applicable; or 
(iv) 
in the case of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit 
Linked Notes only, the date falling five Business Days after the RMB Currency Settlement Cut-
Off Date, if applicable; or 
(b) 
in respect of Credit Linked Notes (other than Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local 
Access Basket Credit Linked Notes), where a Relevant Event Determination Date under limbs (I), (II) 
and (III) of Credit Linked Condition 14 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension) occurs on or prior to the 
Notes Extension Date, the later to occur of:  
(i) 
the final Credit Event Redemption Date in relation to any unsettled Relevant Credit Events, as 
applicable, or if later any Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date (including any final Partial 
Cash Redemption Date or final Fallback Cash Redemption Date); or 
(ii) 
the date falling five Business Days after the Payment Failure Cut-Off Date, if applicable; or 
(c) 
in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked 
Notes, where a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date under limbs (I) and (II) of Credit Linked 
Condition 14 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension) occurs on or prior to the LA Cut-Off Date, the latest 
to occur of: 
(i) 
the final LA Cash Redemption Date or the final LA Physical Redemption Date, as applicable; 
(ii) 
the date falling five Business Days after the Payment Failure Cut-Off Date, if applicable; or 
(iii) 
the date falling five Business Days after the RMB Currency Settlement Cut-Off Date, if 
applicable.  
“Extension Date” means the latest of: 
(a) 
the Scheduled Maturity Date; 
(b) 
the Grace Period Extension Date if (i) “Failure to Pay” and “Grace Period Extension” are specified as 
being applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and (ii) the Potential Failure to Pay with respect to the 
relevant Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date; and 
(c) 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date (if any) if “Repudiation/Moratorium” is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, as applicable. 
“Failure to Pay” means, after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the satisfaction of any 
conditions precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), the failure by the relevant Reference Entity 
to make, when and where due, any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement 
under one or more Obligations, in accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure.

--- Page 541 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
541 
If an occurrence that would constitute a Failure to Pay (a) is a result of a redenomination that occurs as a result 
of action taken by a Governmental Authority which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such 
Governmental Authority and (b) a freely available market rate of conversion existed at the time of the 
redenomination, then such occurrence will be deemed not to constitute a Failure to Pay unless the 
redenomination itself constituted a reduction in the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium payable (as 
determined by reference to such freely available market rate of conversion) at the time of such redenomination. 
If the “2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019)” and “Credit 
Deterioration Requirement” apply, then notwithstanding the foregoing, it shall not constitute a Failure to Pay if 
such failure does not directly or indirectly result either from, or result in, a deterioration in the creditworthiness 
or financial condition of the relevant Reference Entity. In such case, any determination as to whether a “Failure 
to Pay” has occurred is to be made by the Calculation Agent, for which purpose, the Calculation Agent will take 
into account any guidance provided in the “2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (July 15, 2019)”. 
“Fallback Redemption Method” means Cash Redemption or Physical Redemption, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
“Final Auction Redemption Amount” means, in respect of each relevant Credit Linked Note (other than an 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Note, a Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note, a Local Access Single Name 
Credit Linked Note or a Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note), unless otherwise specified in the Issue 
Terms, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
such Credit Linked Note’s pro rata share of an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount; plus 
(ii) 
the sum of all Auction Redemption Amounts determined in respect of the relevant Credit Linked 
Notes. 
“Final Auction Redemption Date” means the later to occur of (a) the last Auction Redemption Date in respect 
of the Credit Linked Notes and (b) the Scheduled Maturity Date or the Extended Maturity Date, as applicable. 
“Final Cash Redemption Amount” means, in respect of each relevant Credit Linked Note (other than an Index 
Tranched Credit Linked Note, a Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note, a Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Note or a Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note), unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
such Credit Linked Note’s pro rata share of an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount; plus 
(ii) 
the sum of all Cash Redemption Amounts determined in respect of the relevant Credit Linked 
Notes. 
“Final Cash Redemption Date” means the later to occur of (a) the last Cash Redemption Date in respect of 
the Credit Linked Notes and (b) the Scheduled Maturity Date or the Extended Maturity Date, as applicable. 
“Final LA Cash Redemption Amount” means, in respect of each relevant Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Note or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note, unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, an 
amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the greater of:

--- Page 542 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
542 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
such Credit Linked Note’s pro rata share of an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount; plus 
(ii) 
the sum of all LA Cash Redemption Amounts determined in respect of the Local Access Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, as applicable. 
“Final LA Cash Redemption Date” means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, the later to occur of (a) the last LA Cash Redemption Date in respect 
of the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, as 
applicable, and (b) the Scheduled Maturity Date or the Extended Maturity Date, as applicable. 
“Final List” means the final list of Deliverable Obligations, Package Observable Bonds, Prior Deliverable 
Obligations, as applicable, and/or Assets which are the subject of the related Auction determined by the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee in accordance with the DC Rules. 
“Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date” has the meaning given to it in Credit Linked Condition 21(b)) 
(Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to deliver). 
“Final Price” means:  
(a) 
the price of the Valuation Obligation(s) selected by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner, expressed as a percentage, determined in accordance with the 
specified Valuation Method; or  
(b) 
where the Valuation Obligation is an Asset Package in its entirety relating to Prior Deliverable Obligation 
or a Package Observable Bond, as applicable, the price of the entirety of the Asset Package determined 
in accordance with the specified Valuation Method, expressed as a percentage of the Outstanding 
Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or a 
Package Observable Bond to which the Asset Package relates, in each case, determined in accordance 
with Credit Linked Condition 17(a) (Determination of Final Price). 
“Financial Transaction Type” means any of “Standard European Financial Corporate”, “Standard European 
CoCo Financial Corporate”, “Standard European Senior Non Preferred Financial Corporate”, “Standard 
Australia Financial Corporate”, “Standard New Zealand Financial Corporate”, “Standard Japan Financial 
Corporate”, “Standard Singapore Financial Corporate” and “Standard Asia Financial Corporate”, as applicable. 
“First Ranking”, in respect of a Reference Obligation of an LPN Reference Entity, has the meaning given in 
the definition of “First Ranking Interest”. 
“First Ranking Interest” means, in respect of a Reference Obligation of an LPN Reference Entity, a charge, 
security interest (or other type of interest having similar effect) (an “Interest”), which is expressed as being 
“first ranking”, “first priority”, or similar (“First Ranking”) in the document creating such Interest 
(notwithstanding that such Interest may not be First Ranking under any insolvency laws of any relevant 
insolvency jurisdiction of the relevant LPN Issuer). 
“Fixed Cap” means, with respect to a Guarantee, a specified numerical limit or cap on the liability of the 
relevant Reference Entity in respect of some or all payments due under the Underlying Obligation, provided 
that a Fixed Cap shall exclude a limit or cap determined by reference to a formula with one or more variable 
inputs (and for these purposes, the outstanding principal or other amounts payable pursuant to the Underlying 
Obligation shall not be considered to be variable inputs).

--- Page 543 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
543 
“Fixed Recovery Percentage” means, if Fixed Recovery Redemption is specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method in the Issue Terms, the percentage specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms (which, 
for the avoidance of doubt, may include zero or 100 per cent.). 
“Full Quotation” means, in accordance with the Quotation Method, each firm quotation obtained from a 
Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time, to the extent reasonably practicable, for an amount of the Valuation 
Obligation with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount equal to the Quotation Amount 
or for the Asset Package. 
“Fully Transferable Obligation” means a Deliverable Obligation that is either Transferable, in the case of 
Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Eligible Transferees without the consent of any person 
being required, in the case of any Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds, in each case, as of the Delivery 
Date and the date on which an effective Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable, was delivered. Any requirement that notification of novation, assignment or transfer of a Deliverable 
Obligation be provided to a trustee, administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent, for a Deliverable 
Obligation shall not be considered to be a requirement for consent for the purposes of this definition of “Fully 
Transferable Obligation”. 
In respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, in the event that a Fully Transferable Obligation is a 
Qualifying Policy, the Insured Instrument must meet the requirements of this definition and, if the benefit of 
the Qualifying Policy is not transferred as part of any transfer of the Insured Instrument, the Qualifying Policy 
must be transferable at least to the same extent as the Insured Instrument. 
“Funding Interest Rate” means, in respect of a Funding Interest Amount, a rate per annum specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms which shall be based on the cost to the Issuer if it were to fund or of funding the amount 
on which such interest is accruing. 
“Further Subordinated Obligation” means, if the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as 
applicable, is a Subordinated Obligation, any Obligation which is Subordinated thereto. 
“FX Rate” means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit 
Linked Notes, the rate, determined by the Calculation Agent on the FX Rate Set Date, at which a non-resident 
of the Reference Jurisdiction can purchase the Settlement Currency against delivery of the LA Relevant 
Currency for value on the LA Value Date or where “FX Forward Rate” applies, the Reference Assets FX 
Forward Termination Date, provided that if LA Relevant Currency is specified as not applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, FX Rate shall be 1. 
“FX Rate Set Date” means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access 
Basket Credit Linked Notes, the date selected by the Calculation Agent, in its sole discretion, for determining 
the FX Rate, or where “FX Forward Rate” applies, they day falling two Business Days prior to the Reference 
Assets FX Forward Termination Date. 
“Governmental Authority” means: 
(a) 
any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, ministry or department thereof); 
(b) 
any court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority, inter-governmental or supranational 
body; 
(c) 
any authority or any other entity (private or public) either designated as a resolution authority or charged 
with the regulation or supervision of the financial markets (including a central bank) of the relevant 
Reference Entity or some or all of its obligations; or

--- Page 544 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
544 
(d) 
any other authority which is analogous to the entities specified in paragraph (a), (b) or (c) of this 
definition. 
“Governmental Intervention” means that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an 
aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following events occurs as 
a result of action taken or an announcement made by a Governmental Authority pursuant to, or by means of, a 
restructuring and resolution law or regulation (or any other similar law or regulation), in each case, applicable 
to the relevant Reference Entity in a form which is binding, irrespective of whether such event is expressly 
provided for under the terms of such Obligation: 
(a) 
any event which would affect creditors’ rights so as to cause: 
(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest accruals 
(including by way of redenomination); 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including by way of 
redenomination); 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (A) the payment or accrual of interest, 
or (B) the payment of principal or premium; or 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the Subordination of 
such Obligation to any other Obligation; 
(b) 
an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial holder of the 
Obligation; 
(c) 
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; 
(d) 
if “CoCo Provision” apply and if, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate 
amount of not less than the Default Requirement, the operation of one or more CoCo Provisions results 
in (i) a permanent or temporary reduction of the amount of principal payable at redemption or (ii) a 
conversion of principal into shares or another instrument; or 
(e) 
any event which has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in sub-paragraphs (a) to (d) of 
this definition. 
For the purposes of sub-paragraph (a) of this definition, the term Obligation shall be deemed to include 
Underlying Obligations for which the relevant Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Guarantee. 
“Grace Period” means: 
(a) 
subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) of this definition, the applicable grace period with respect to payments 
under and in accordance with the terms of such Obligation in effect as of the date as of which such 
Obligation is issued or incurred; 
(b) 
if “Grace Period Extension” applies, a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date and the applicable grace period cannot, by its terms, expire on or prior to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date, the Grace Period shall be deemed to be the lesser of such grace period and the period 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if no period is specified, 30 calendar days; and 
(c) 
if, as of the date as of which an Obligation is issued or incurred, no grace period with respect to payments 
or a grace period with respect to payments of less than three Grace Period Business Days is applicable 
under the terms of such Obligation, a Grace Period of three Grace Period Business Days shall be deemed 
to apply to such Obligation; provided that, unless “Grace Period Extension” is specified as being

--- Page 545 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
545 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, such deemed Grace Period shall expire no later than the Scheduled 
Maturity Date. 
“Grace Period Business Day” means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are 
generally open to settle payments in the place or places and on the days specified for that purpose in the relevant 
Obligation or, if a place or places are not so specified, (a) if the Obligation Currency is the euro, a TARGET 
Settlement Day, or (b) otherwise, a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are generally 
open to settle payments in the principal financial city in the jurisdiction of the Obligation Currency. 
“Grace Period Extension Date” means, if (a) “Grace Period Extension” is specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms and (b) a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, as 
the case may be, the date that is five Business Days following the day falling after the number of days in the 
Grace Period after the date of such Potential Failure to Pay. If “Grace Period Extension” is not specified as 
being applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, Grace Period Extension shall not apply. 
“Guarantee” means, for the purpose of the Credit Linked Conditions only, a Relevant Guarantee or a guarantee 
which is the Reference Obligation. 
“Hedge Disruption Obligation” has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 18(c) (Election 
to deliver alternative amount of Deliverable Obligations/Hedge Disruption Obligation). 
“Hellenic Reference Entity” means a Reference Entity to which the “Additional Provisions for the Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012)” apply. 
“Hungary Reference Entity” means a Reference Entity to which the “Hungary Additional Provisions” apply. 
“Hypothetical FX Forward” means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local 
Access Basket Credit Linked Notes to which “FX Forward Rate” applies and the Reference Assets of each 
Reference Entity comprised in the Reference Registry at the time of determination, a hypothetical non-
deliverable FX forward transaction between the Issuer and the Calculation Agent in respect of which the Issuer 
purchases the LCY equivalent of the relevant Reference Assets FX Forward Notional at a forward rate equal to 
the relevant Reference Assets Forward Rate for settlement on the relevant Reference Assets FX Forward 
Termination Date, with settlement in the Settlement Currency and a valuation date of the FX Rate Set Date (and 
in respect of a termination of such Hypothetical FX Forward, any amount determined to be hypothetically 
payable to the Issuer shall be expressed as a positive amount, while any amount determined to be hypothetically 
payable by the Issuer shall be expressed as a negative amount).  
“IAN” means any floating rate interest note due 2002 or 2015 issued by Vnesheconombank of the USSR 
pursuant to the Restructuring Agreement and an Exchange Agreement, dated as of 6 October 1997, among 
Vnesheconombank of the USSR, the Closing Agent and Participating Creditors named therein.  
“Implicit Portfolio Size” means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes, an amount equal to (i) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount, divided by (ii) the Tranche Size. 
“Inconvertibility Event” means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access 
Basket Credit Linked Notes, the occurrence of any event or existence of any condition that has the effect of it 
being impossible, illegal or impracticable for, or has the effect of prohibiting, restricting or materially delaying 
the ability of, any Reference Investor (i) to convert the LA Relevant Currency into the Settlement Currency 
through customary legal channels; or (ii) to effect currency transactions on terms as favourable as those 
available to residents of the Reference Jurisdiction; or (iii) to freely and unconditionally transfer or repatriate 
any funds (in the Settlement Currency or the LA Relevant Currency) from accounts inside the Reference 
Jurisdiction to accounts outside the Reference Jurisdiction or between accounts inside the Reference 
Jurisdiction; or (iv) to receive the full value of any cash payment (when converted to the Settlement Currency)

--- Page 546 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
546 
made under the Reference Investor Assets due to the introduction after the Additional Risk Event Start Date by 
any Governmental Authority of a new currency regime (including the introduction of a dual currency regime) 
or the imposition of currency exchange limitations. 
“Index” means, in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, 
the relevant iTraxx® or CDX® index, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Index Annex” means, in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes, the list of the relevant Index with the relevant Index Annex Date published by the Index Publisher 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms and which can be accessed at http://www.markit.com or any successor 
website thereto. 
“Index Annex Date” means, in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes, the date specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Index Publisher” means, in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes and the related Index Annex, Markit Group Limited or any replacement appointed by the Index 
Sponsor for the purposes of officially publishing the relevant Index 
“Index Sponsor” means, in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes, the entity specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes” means Credit Linked Notes which are specified as such in the Issue 
Terms, which are linked to a tranche of the losses and recoveries in respect of the component Reference Entities 
of the Index specified in the Issue Terms. 
“Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount” means, in respect of each Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, 
unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the greater 
of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
such Index Tranched Credit Linked Note’s pro rata share of an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount; plus 
(ii) 
the sum of all Index Tranched Redemption Amounts determined in respect of the Index Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes. 
“Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount” means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and an 
Affected Reference Entity on any day, an amount, calculated by the Calculation Agent on such day equal to the 
lowest of: 
(a) 
the Loss Amount in respect of such Affected Reference Entity; 
(b) 
the Aggregate Loss Amount (including the Loss Amount in respect of such Affected Reference Entity 
and such day) minus the Loss Threshold Amount (subject to a minimum of zero); and 
(c) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (prior to any reduction thereof in respect of such Affected 
Reference Entity and such day). 
“Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount” means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and 
an Affected Reference Entity on any day, an amount, calculated by the Calculation Agent on such day equal to 
the lowest of: 
(a) 
the Recovery Amount in respect of such Affected Reference Entity;

--- Page 547 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
547 
(b) 
the Aggregate Recovery Amount (calculated taking into account the Recovery Amount for such Affected 
Reference Entity) minus the Recovery Threshold Amount (subject to a minimum of zero); and 
(c) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (prior to any reduction thereto in respect of such Affected 
Reference Entity and such day). 
“Index Tranched Redemption Amount” means, in respect of each Index Tranched Credit Linked Note, unless 
otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
each Index Tranched Credit Linked Note’s pro rata share of an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount; minus 
(ii) 
the Unwind Costs, if any. 
“Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes” means Credit Linked Notes which are specified as such in the Issue 
Terms, which are linked to the losses and recoveries in respect of the component Reference Entities of the Index 
specified in the Issue Terms. 
“Instalment Redemption Amount” means, in respect of a Series of Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Local 
Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes to which “Redemption 
by Instalments” applies, an amount being the greater of:  
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
each Credit Linked Note’s pro rata share of: 
(i) 
in respect of Single Name Credit Linked Notes and an Instalment Date, an amount in the 
Settlement Currency equal to the Instalment Amount relating to such Instalment Date specified 
in respect of the relevant Credit Linked Notes; and 
(ii) 
in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit 
Linked Notes and an Instalment Date in respect of the Reference Assets to which such Instalment 
Date relates, the sum of: 
(A) an amount in the Settlement Currency equal to the product of (I) (x) the Settlement 
Currency Principal Amount or (y) the LCY Reference Amount divided by the FX Rate, as 
applicable and (y) the Reference Assets Liquidation Value; minus 
(B) where “FX Forward Rate” applies, the Reference Assets FX Forward Termination Value. 
“Instrument Payments” means, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, (a) in the case of any 
Insured Instrument that is in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, (i) the 
specified periodic distributions in respect of interest or other return on the Certificate Balance on or prior to the 
ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance and (ii) the ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance on or 
prior to a specified date and (b) in the case of any other Insured Instrument, the scheduled payments of principal 
and interest, in the case of both sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) hereof (A) determined without regard to limited 
recourse or reduction provisions of the type described in sub-paragraph (b)(ii) of the definition of “Outstanding 
Principal Balance” and (B) excluding sums in respect of default interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups, make-
whole amounts, early redemption premiums and other similar amounts (whether or not guaranteed or insured 
by the Qualifying Policy). 
“Insured Instrument”, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, has the meaning given in the 
definition of “Qualifying Policy”.

--- Page 548 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
548 
“Insured Obligor”, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, has the meaning given in the definition 
of “Qualifying Policy”. 
“Interest”, in respect of a Reference Obligation of an LPN Reference Entity, has the meaning given in the 
definition of “First Ranking Interest”. 
“Interest Tax Deduction Amount” means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes and a payment of interest (howsoever described) in respect of the 
relevant Reference Investor Assets, an amount equal to any and all withholding(s) or deduction(s) for or on 
account of any taxes or duties (for the avoidance of doubt, whether effective at and/or after the Trade Date) of 
whatever nature that would be imposed, levied or collected by or on behalf of any authority of the Reference 
Jurisdiction in respect of such payment to a Reference Investor. 
“Issue Terms” means the applicable Final Terms or, where a Pricing Supplement is prepared, the applicable 
terms and conditions set out in such Pricing Supplement. 
“Issuer Business Day” means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are generally 
open to settle payments in London, New York and Luxembourg. 
“LA Cash Redemption Amount” means, in respect of each Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note or 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms, an amount 
calculated by the Calculation Agent in the Settlement Currency equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
the product of: 
(i) 
the Applicable Proportion; and 
(ii) 
an amount equal to:  
(A) 
(I) the LA Recovery Amount or (II) where “Fixed Recovery Redemption” is applicable, 
the Fixed Recovery Percentage; plus 
(B) 
where “FX Forward Rate” applies, the Reference Assets FX Forward Termination Value 
(which may be a positive or a negative amount);  
minus each Credit Linked Note’s pro rata share of the Unwind Costs, if any.  
“LA Cash Redemption Date” means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local 
Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms: 
(a) 
where “LA Cash Redemption” is the applicable Risk Event Redemption Method, five Business Days 
following the Relevant Risk Event Determination Date; 
(b) 
where “LA Physical Redemption” is the applicable Risk Event Redemption Method but physical 
redemption cannot be completed by the LA Physical Redemption Date, five Business Days following 
the LA Physical Redemption Date; and 
(c) 
where an LA Cut-Off Date has occurred, five calendar days following the LA Cut-Off Date. 
“LA Cut-Off Date” means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access 
Basket Credit Linked Notes, the earlier of (i) the date on which the Calculation Agent determines that a Risk 
Event has not occurred; and (ii) the date falling 30 calendar days after the Scheduled Maturity Date or the 
relevant LA Interest Payment Date, as applicable.

--- Page 549 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
549 
“LA Interest Amount” means, in respect of a Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Note or a Local Access 
Basket Credit Linked Note and an LA Interest Payment Date, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms, an amount equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
in relation to the Reference Assets which have a Reference Assets Coupon Payment Date falling on the 
LA Interest Period End Date relating to such LA Interest Payment Date, an amount in the Settlement 
Currency calculated by the Calculation Agent as being equal to such Note’s pro rata share of all interest, 
dividends or any other form of distributions that would have actually been received by a Reference 
Investor holding the relevant Reference Assets in an amount equal to the Settlement Currency Principal 
Amount relating to such Reference Assets.  
For the purposes of General Condition 5 (Interest), the LA Interest Amount shall constitute an Interest Amount. 
“LA Interest Payment Date” means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local 
Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the date falling 
two Business Days after each LA Interest Period End Date occurring in respect of the relevant Reference Assets. 
For the avoidance of doubt, it is expected that LA Interest Payment Dates shall occur in cycles, commencing 
from the Reference Assets with a Reference Assets Coupon Payment Date falling closest in time following the 
Interest Commencement Date. For the purposes of General Condition 5 (Interest), the LA Interest Payment 
Date shall in each case constitute an Interest Payment Date. 
“LA Interest Period” means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access 
Basket Credit Linked Notes, the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first LA Interest Period End Date relating to the Reference Assets, and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an LA Interest Period End Date relating to such Reference 
Assets, and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding LA Interest Period End Date relating to such 
Reference Assets. For the avoidance of doubt, separate LA Interest Periods will be determined in respect of the 
Reference Assets of each Reference Entity for the determination of LA Interest Amounts. For the purposes of 
General Condition 5 (Interest), the LA Interest Period shall in each case constitute an Interest Period. 
“LA Interest Period End Date” means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local 
Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, each Reference Assets Coupon Payment Date relating to the Reference 
Assets. For the purposes of General Condition 5 (Interest), the LA Interest Period End Date shall in each case 
constitute an Interest Period End Date. 
“LA Negative Interest Amount” means an amount that would have been equal to the LA Interest Amount had 
the floor of zero (as set out in limb (a) of the definition thereof) not applied. The LA Negative Interest Amount 
will be expressed as a negative amount.  
“LA Physical Redemption Date” means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local 
Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 30 calendar days 
following the Relevant Risk Event Determination Date or where a LA Cut-Off Date has occurred, 30 calendar 
days following the LA Cut-Off Date. 
“LA Recovery Amount” means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access 
Basket Credit Linked Notes, an amount equal to the highest firm bid quotation that the Calculation Agent is 
able to obtain on the LA Valuation Date from the Quotation Dealers for the sale to the Quotation Dealers of: 
(a) 
in respect of “LA Physical Redemption”, the relevant Undeliverable Assets; or 
(b) 
in respect of “LA Cash Redemption”, a nominal amount equal to the Applicable Principal Currency 
Amount of the LA Settlement Assets of the relevant Reference Entity, as such assets may be amended

--- Page 550 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
550 
from time to time (including without limitation any securities, cash proceeds or other assets into which 
such assets shall have been exchanged or converted from time to time), 
in each case, in the Settlement Currency payable outside the Reference Jurisdiction, provided that if none of the 
Quotation Dealers provides such a firm quotation. then the LA Recovery Amount shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole discretion. The applicable LA Recovery Amount may be equal to zero. 
“LA Relevant Currency” means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access 
Basket Credit Linked Notes, the currency specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, being the lawful 
currency of the Reference Jurisdiction, or if the LA Relevant Currency ceases to be the lawful currency of the 
Reference Jurisdiction, any other lawful currency in effect in such jurisdiction. 
“LA Settlement Assets” means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access 
Basket Credit Linked Notes, such Deliverable Obligations selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion, with (a) an Outstanding Principal Balance in respect of Deliverable Obligations that are 
Borrowed Money Obligations or (b) a Due and Payable Amount, in respect of Deliverable Obligations that are 
not Borrowed Money Obligations, in each case equal to (i) the Applicable Proportion or (ii) the Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of such Credit Linked Notes. 
“LA Valuation Date” means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access 
Basket Credit Linked Notes, any Business Day selected by the Calculation Agent, acting in its sole discretion: 
(a) 
if “LA Cash Redemption” is the applicable Risk Event Redemption Method, from (and including) the 
Relevant Risk Event Determination Date up to (and including) the LA Cash Redemption Date; or 
(b) 
if “LA Physical Redemption” is the applicable Risk Event Redemption Method, from (and including) 
the LA Physical Redemption Date to (and including) the LA Cash Redemption Date.  
“LA Value Date” means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket 
Credit Linked Notes, the Scheduled Maturity Date, the LA Interest Payment Date (if applicable), the LA Cash 
Redemption Date or the LA Cut-Off Date, as applicable. 
“Largest Asset Package” means, in respect of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond, 
as the case may be, the package of Assets for which the greatest amount of principal has been or will be 
exchanged or converted (including by way of amendment), as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference 
to Eligible Information. If this cannot be determined, the Largest Asset Package will be the package of Assets 
with the highest immediately realisable value, determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the 
methodology, if any, determined by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
“Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan” has the meaning given to that term in the definition of 
“Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date”. 
“Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date” means: 
(a) 
in respect of the provisions of Credit Linked Conditions 21(b) (Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure 
to deliver), 18(c) (Election to deliver alternative amount of Deliverable Obligations/Hedge Disruption 
Obligation), 18(d) (Partial Cash Redemption due to Impossibility or Illegality), 18(h) (Alternative 
Procedures Relating to Loans Not Delivered) and 18(j) (Asset Package Delivery), the date that is thirty 
calendar days after the relevant Physical Redemption Date;  
(b) 
in respect of the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 18(j)(iii) (Asset Package Delivery), the date the 
Calculation Agent determines that Cash Redemption shall be deemed to apply; and

--- Page 551 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
551 
(c) 
in respect of the provisions of Credit Linked Conditions 18(e) (Partial Cash Redemption of Consent 
Required Loans), 18(f) (Partial Cash Settlement of Assignable Loans) and 18(g) (Partial Cash 
Redemption of Participations), the date that is 15 Business Days after the Physical Redemption Date. 
“LCY” means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit 
Linked Notes to which “FX Forward Rate” applies, the local currency specified as such in the applicable Issue 
Terms.  
“LCY Reference Amount” means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local 
Access Basket Credit Linked Notes and a Reference Entity, an amount in the LA Relevant Currency equal to 
the nominal amount of the Reference Investor Assets of such Reference Entity, as specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
“Limitation Date” means the first of 20 March, 20 June, 20 September or 20 December in any year to occur 
on or immediately following the date that is one of the following numbers of years after the Restructuring Date: 
2.5 years (the “2.5-year Limitation Date”), 5 years, 7.5 years, 10 years (the “10-year Limitation Date”), 12.5 
years, 15 years or 20 years, as applicable. Limitation Dates shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance 
with any Business Day Convention. 
“Limited Recourse Obligations” means, where the “2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions (December 
2, 2020)” apply, obligations which include Limited Recourse Provisions. 
“Limited Recourse Provisions” means provisions which: 
(a) 
limit recourse in respect of the obligation to the proceeds of specified assets or the proceeds resulting 
from the enforcement of security or collateral arrangements; and/or  
(b) 
extinguish any obligation that remains outstanding following the disposal of specified assets and/or the 
enforcement of the security or collateral arrangements, 
and, in each case, the application of the resulting proceeds. 
“Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes” means Credit Linked Notes which are specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms, in respect of which the Issuer purchases credit protection from Noteholders in respect of two or 
more Reference Entities and pursuant to which, on each occasion on which a Credit Event and a Relevant Event 
Determination Date occurs with respect to any of the Reference Entities, the Credit Linked Notes will be 
redeemed in part in an amount determined by reference to the Reference Entity Notional Amount relating to 
such relevant Reference Entity in accordance with the relevant Credit Event Redemption Method. 
“Linear Basket Partial Nominal Amount” has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 
23(h)(iii) (Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes). 
“Loan Alternative Procedure Start Date” has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 
18(h)(i) (Alternative Procedures Relating to Loans not Delivered). 
“Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes” means Credit Linked Notes which are specified as such in the 
Issue Terms, in respect of which the Issuer purchases credit protection from Noteholders in respect of Reference 
Investor Assets of two or more Reference Entities and held by a Reference Investor in a Reference Jurisdiction 
and pursuant to which, on each occasion on which a Risk Event and a Relevant Risk Event Determination Date 
occurs with respect to any of the Reference Entities, the Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed in part in an 
amount determined by reference to the Reference Entity Notional Amount relating to such relevant Reference 
Entity (where “Redemption in Part” applies) or in full (where “Redemption in Full” applies), in each case in 
accordance with the relevant Risk Event Redemption Method.

--- Page 552 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
552 
“Local Access Basket Partial Nominal Amount” has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 23(i)(vii) (Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes). 
“Local Access Basket Successor Entity” has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 23(h) 
(Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes). 
“Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes” means Credit Linked Notes which are specified as such in 
the Issue Terms, in respect of which the Issuer purchases credit protection from Noteholders in respect of 
Reference Investor Assets of a single Reference Entity and held by a Reference Investor in a Reference 
Jurisdiction. 
“Local Access Single Name Partial Nominal Amount” has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked 
Condition 23(h)(vii) (Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes). 
“Local Access Single Name Successor Entity” has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 
23(h)(vii) (Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes). 
“Loss Amount” means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes, an amount (subject to a minimum of zero) calculated by the Calculation Agent on any day equal to: 
(a) 
if no M(M)R Restructuring has occurred: 
(i) 
“Auction Redemption” is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method (and provided that 
the Fallback Redemption Method does not apply), an amount equal to the product of: 
(A) 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount for the Affected Reference Entity on such day; and 
(B) 
(I) 100 per cent. minus (II) the Auction Final Price; or 
(ii) 
“Cash Redemption” is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method or applies as the 
Fallback Redemption Method, an amount equal to the product of: 
(A) 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount for the Affected Reference Entity on such day; and 
(B) 
(I) 100 per cent. minus (II) (1) the Final Price or (2) where “Fixed Recovery Redemption” 
is applicable, the Fixed Recovery Percentage; or 
(b) 
if an M(M)R Restructuring has occurred: 
(i) 
“Auction Redemption” is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method (and provided that 
the Fallback Redemption Method does not apply), an amount equal to the product of: 
(A) 
the Exercise Amount for the Affected Reference Entity on such day; and 
(B) 
(I) 100 per cent. minus (II) the Auction Final Price; or 
(ii) 
“Cash Redemption” is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method or applies as the 
Fallback Redemption Method, an amount equal to the product of: 
(A) 
the Exercise Amount for the Affected Reference Entity on such day; and 
(B) 
(I) 100 per cent. minus (II) (1) the Final Price or (2) where “Fixed Recovery Redemption” 
is applicable, the Fixed Recovery Percentage. 
“Loss Threshold Amount” means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes, an amount equal to the product of (a) the Implicit Portfolio Size and (b) the Attachment 
Point.

--- Page 553 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
553 
“LPN” means a loan participation note. 
“LPN Issuer” means the issuer of an LPN. 
“LPN Reference Entity” means a Reference Entity to which the “LPN Additional Provisions” apply. 
“LPN Reference Obligation” means each Reference Obligation other than any Additional Obligation. Any 
change to the issuer of an LPN Reference Obligation in accordance with its terms shall not prevent such LPN 
Reference Obligation from constituting a Reference Obligation. Each LPN Reference Obligation is issued for 
the sole purpose of providing funds for the Issuer to (a) finance a loan to the Reference Entity and each such 
loan shall be an Underlying Loan; or (b) provide finance to the Reference Entity by way of a deposit, loan or 
other Borrowed Money instrument and each such deposit, loan or other Borrowed Money instrument shall be 
an Underlying Finance Instrument. 
“Market Disruption Event” means the occurrence of any event or existence of any condition that has the effect 
of:  
(a) 
the failure or suspension of normal trading on any recognised securities, futures or other exchange on 
which the Reference Investor Assets or futures thereon are traded; or  
(b) 
any Reference Investor Asset becoming ineligible for clearance or settlement through the principal 
clearing system or by the relevant settlement procedure for the Reference Investor Assets. 
“Market Value” means, with respect to the relevant Valuation Obligation on a Valuation Date:  
(a) 
if more than three Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations, 
disregarding the Full Quotations having the highest and lowest values (and, if more than one such Full 
Quotations have the same highest value or lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest Full 
Quotations shall be disregarded); 
(b) 
if exactly three Full Quotations are obtained, the Full Quotation remaining after disregarding the highest 
and lowest Full Quotations (and, if more than one such Full Quotations have the same highest value or 
lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded);  
(c) 
if exactly two Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations;  
(d) 
if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained, subject to sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of 
“Quotation”, an amount that the Calculation Agent shall determine on the next Business Day on which 
two or more Full Quotations are obtained; and  
(e) 
if two or more Full Quotations are not obtained within the ten Business Day period set forth in sub-
paragraph (b) of the definition of “Quotation” the Market Value shall be determined as provided in such 
definition of “Quotation”. 
“Market Value Trigger Event” means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local 
Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, a notification by the Calculation Agent (acting in its sole and absolute 
discretion) to the Issuer that it has determined that on any Business Day the Fair Market Value of the Local 
Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, is equal 
to, or less than, the Market Value Trigger Level of the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of such Credit 
Linked Notes on such date. 
“Market Value Trigger Level” means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local 
Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, the percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.  
“Maturity Redemption Amount” means an amount being the greater of:

--- Page 554 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
554 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
each Credit Linked Note’s pro rata share of: 
(i) 
in respect of Credit Linked Notes other than Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, an amount in the Settlement Currency equal to the 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the relevant Credit Linked Notes; and 
(ii) 
in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit 
Linked Notes, an amount in the Settlement Currency equal to (I) the Settlement Currency 
Principal Amount or (II) the LCY Reference Amount divided by the FX Rate, as applicable. 
“Merger Event” means that at any time during the period from (and including) the Trade Date to (but 
excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date, as applicable, the Issuer or a Reference 
Entity consolidates or amalgamates with, or merges into, or transfers all or substantially all of its respective 
assets to, a Reference Entity or the Issuer, as applicable, or the Issuer and a Reference Entity become Affiliates. 
“Merger Redemption Amount” means, in respect of each Credit Linked Note: 
(a) 
such Credit Linked Note’s pro rata share of an amount (subject to a minimum of zero) equal to (i) the 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes minus (ii) the Unwind Costs, if 
any; or 
(b) 
the Early Redemption Amount, 
as specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“MinFin” means any Internal Government Hard Currency Bond issued by the Ministry of Finance of the 
Russian Federation representing: 
(a) 
restructured debt of the former USSR (Series II, III, IV, V and VIII); or  
(b) 
debt of the Russian Federation issued in 1996 (Series VI and VII). 
For the avoidance of doubt, “OVVZs” or “Taiga” bonds shall be the same as MinFins. 
“M(M)R Restructuring” means a Restructuring Credit Event in respect of which either “Mod R” or “Mod 
Mod R” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Modified Eligible Transferee” means any bank, financial institution or other entity which is regularly 
engaged in or established for the purpose of making, purchasing or investing in loans, notes and other financial 
assets. 
“Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date” means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation, the 
Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
Subject to the foregoing, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is later than the 10-year Limitation Date, the Modified 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
“Monoline Insurer Reference Entity” means a Reference Entity to which “Monoline Supplement” applies. 
“Movement Option” means, with respect to an M(M)R Restructuring to which a No Auction Announcement 
Date has occurred pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) or (c)(ii) of the definition of “No Auction Announcement 
Date”, the option of the Calculation Agent to apply the Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, if any, so that the 
Credit Linked Notes may be redeemed by way of Auction Redemption (for which purpose the Calculation 
Agent may take into account (a) the terms of the relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, the Permissible 
Deliverable Obligations thereunder, the Deliverable Obligation Provisions related to the Credit Linked Notes

--- Page 555 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
555 
and (b) any Hedging Position that the Issuer has or may enter into in connection with the Credit Linked Notes) 
for the purposes of which the Permissible Deliverable Obligations are more limited than the Deliverable 
Obligations that the Issuer or the Calculation Agent could specify in any Notice of Physical Settlement or any 
NOPS Amendment Notice (provided that if more than one such set of Parallel Auction Settlement Terms are 
published, the Parallel Auction Settlement Terms specifying the greatest number of such Permissible 
Deliverable Obligations shall apply). If the Calculation Agent does not deliver an effective Notice to Exercise 
Movement Option to the Issuer on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date, the Credit Linked Notes will 
be redeemed in accordance with the Fallback Redemption Method. If no election is made in the relevant Issue 
Terms, where “Mod R” is applicable, “Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Full Transferable Obligation 
Applicable” will apply and where “Mod Mod R” is applicable, “Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation 
and Conditionally Transferable Obligation Applicable” apply. 
“Movement Option Cut-off Date” the date that is one Relevant City Business Day following the Standard 
Exercise Cut-off Date or Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date applicable to a buyer of credit protection where 
the DC Secretary publishes a Final List applicable to the Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms 
and/or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, or such other date as the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved (and where any public statement is issued by the DC Secretary relating to the 
appropriate cut-off date, the Calculation Agent shall interpret such timing requirements from the perspective of 
a buyer of protection). 
“Multiple Holder Obligation” has the meaning given to it in Credit Linked Condition 24(d) (Multiple Holder 
Obligation). 
“National Bank of Hungary Obligation” means any obligation of the National Bank of Hungary (either 
directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) and any Successor: 
(a) 
which has the Obligation Characteristic “Not Subordinated”, where solely for such purposes the 
definition of “Not Subordinated” shall be construed as if the National Bank of Hungary were the 
Reference Entity and no Reference Obligation has been specified; 
(b) 
which is described by the Obligation Category specified in respect of the Republic of Hungary; 
(c) 
which has each of the Obligation Characteristics specified in respect of the Republic of Hungary; and 
(d) 
in relation to which the occurrence or existence of an NBH Event of Default will cause any obligation 
of the Republic of Hungary in respect of Borrowed Money to become, with the lapse of any grace period 
and subject to any other requirements under the terms of such Borrowed Money obligation (including 
requirements as to the amounts of such default), immediately due and payable pursuant to the terms of 
such Borrowed Money obligation, 
and, for the purposes of the foregoing, the National Bank of Hungary shall be deemed to be a Reference Entity. 
“National Bank of Hungary Deliverable Obligation” means any obligation of the National Bank of Hungary 
(either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) and any Successor: 
(a) 
which has the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic “Not Subordinated”, where solely for such purposes 
the definition of “Not Subordinated” shall be construed as if the National Bank of Hungary were the 
Reference Entity and no Reference Obligation has been specified; 
(b) 
which is described by the Deliverable Obligation Category specified in respect of the Republic of 
Hungary; 
(c) 
which has each of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics specified in respect of the Republic of 
Hungary; and

--- Page 556 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
556 
(d) 
in relation to which the occurrence or existence of an NBH Event of Default will cause any obligation 
of the Republic of Hungary in respect of Borrowed Money to become, with the lapse of any grace period 
and subject to any other requirements under the terms of such Borrowed Money obligation (including 
requirements as to the amounts of such default), immediately due and payable pursuant to the terms of 
such Borrowed Money obligation. 
“NBH Event of Default” means any failure by the National Bank of Hungary as issuer or obligor or guarantor 
of the relevant obligation, to make, when due any payment of principal or premium or prepayment charge or 
interest, if any, on such obligation. 
“Next Currency Fixing Time” means 4.00 p.m. (London time) on a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments and which immediately follows the date on 
which the Notice of Physical Settlement or relevant NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, is effective. 
“No Auction Announcement Date” means, with respect to a Credit Event, the date as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on which the DC Secretary first publicly announces that (a) no Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms and, if applicable, no Parallel Auction Settlement Terms will be published, (b) following the 
occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring, no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms will be published, but Parallel 
Auction Settlement Terms will be published, or (c) the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
has Resolved that no Auction will be held following a prior public announcement by the DC Secretary to the 
contrary, in circumstances where either (i) no Parallel Auction will be held, or (ii) one or more Parallel Auctions 
will be held. For the avoidance of doubt, a No Auction Announcement Date will not occur solely by reason of 
the Credit Linked Notes not being covered by any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
“Non-Conforming Reference Obligation” means a Reference Obligation which is not a Conforming 
Reference Obligation. 
“Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation” means an Obligation which would be a Deliverable 
Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of “Deliverable Obligation” on the 
Substitution Date but for one or more of the same reasons which resulted in the Reference Obligation 
constituting a Non-Conforming Reference Obligation on the date it was issued or incurred and/or immediately 
prior to the Substitution Event Date, as applicable. 
“Non-Financial Instrument” means any Asset which is not of the type typically traded in, or suitable for being 
traded in, financial markets. 
“Non-Standard Event Determination Date” means, with respect to a Relevant Credit Event and a Series to 
which of “Standard Event Determination Date” does not apply: 
(a) 
subject to paragraph (b) of this definition, the Notice Delivery Date, if the Notice Delivery Date occurs 
during either the Notice Delivery Period or the Post Dismissal Additional Period, provided that neither 
(i) a DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred nor (ii) a DC No Credit Event Announcement has 
occurred, in each case, with respect to the Credit Event specified in the Credit Event Notice; or 
(b) 
notwithstanding paragraph (a) of this definition, if a DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred and 
the Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred on or prior to the last day of the Notice Delivery 
Period (including prior to the Trade Date) either: 
(i) 
the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, if either: 
(A) 
“Single Notifying Party Event Determination Date” is not specified as applicable and (I) 
Auction Redemption is not specified as the applicable Credit Event Redemption Method 
in the relevant Issue Terms; (II) the relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring;

--- Page 557 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
557 
and (III) the Trade Date occurs on or prior to the date of the DC Credit Event 
Announcement; or 
(B) 
 
(I) 
either: 
(1) 
“Single Notifying Party Event Determination Date” is specified as 
applicable and Auction Redemption is specified as the applicable Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms; or 
(2) 
“Single Notifying Party Event Determination Date” is not specified as 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and the relevant Credit Event is an 
M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(II) 
a Credit Event Notice is delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer for onward 
delivery to the Fiscal Agent and Noteholders and is effective on or prior to the Non-
Standard Exercise Cut-off Date, or 
(ii) 
the first date on which a Credit Event Notice is delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer 
for onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and Noteholders and is effective during either the Notice 
Delivery Period or the period from, and including, the date of the DC Credit Event Announcement 
to, and including, the date that is 14 calendar days thereafter (provided, in each case, that the 
relevant Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurred on or prior to the end of the last day of 
the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date)), if either: 
(A) 
 
(I) 
“Single Notifying Party Event Determination Date” is not specified as applicable 
and Auction Redemption is not specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method 
in the relevant Issue Terms; 
(II) 
the relevant Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; and 
(III) 
the Trade Date occurs following the date of the related DC Credit Event 
Announcement on or prior to a DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date; or 
(B) 
 
(I) 
“Single Notifying Party Event Determination Date” is specified as applicable and 
the Trade Date occurs on or prior to a DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date; 
and 
(II) 
either: 
(1) 
Auction Redemption is not specified as the Credit Event Redemption 
Method in the relevant Issue Terms; or 
(2) 
Auction Redemption is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method 
in the relevant Issue Terms and a Credit Event Notice is delivered by the 
Issuer to the Fiscal Agent and is effective on a date that is later than the 
relevant Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date. 
provided that:

--- Page 558 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
558 
(x) 
no Physical Redemption Date or full redemption of the Credit 
Linked Notes has occurred on or prior to the date on which the 
Applicable DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement occurs; 
(y) 
if any Valuation Date or Delivery Date in respect of the relevant 
Reference Entity has occurred on or prior to the date on which the 
Applicable DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement occurs, a Non-
Standard Event Determination Date shall be deemed to have 
occurred only, if the Credit Linked Notes are Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes or Local 
Access Single Name Credit Single Name Linked Notes with respect 
to the portion of the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
relevant Credit Linked Notes or, if the Credit Linked Notes are 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked 
Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the relevant Reference 
Entity to which the Event Determination Date relates, if any, with 
respect to which no Valuation Date or Delivery Date, as applicable, 
has occurred; and 
(z) 
no Credit Event Notice specifying an M(M)R Restructuring as the 
only Credit Event has previously been delivered by the Issuer to the 
Fiscal Agent, (aa) unless the M(M)R Restructuring specified in such 
Credit Event Notice is also the subject of the Applicable DC Credit 
Event Question resulting in the occurrence of the Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date, (bb) unless, and to the extent that, if the 
Credit Linked Notes are Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Nth-
to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, the Exercise Amount 
specified in any such Credit Event Notice was less than the Original 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the relevant Credit Linked Notes or, 
if the Credit Linked Notes are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the 
Exercise Amount specified in any such Credit Event Notice was less 
than the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Affected 
Reference Entity or (cc) unless a representative credit derivative 
transaction economically equivalent to the Credit Linked Notes in 
unfunded format referencing the same Affected Reference Entity and 
(x) having identical deliverable obligation terms to one set of the 
Deliverable Obligation Terms of the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms and to the Deliverable Obligation 
Provisions of the Credit Linked Notes; (y) in the case of M(M)R 
Restructuring, having a scheduled termination date which falls 
within the designated scheduled termination dates for the Applicable 
Auction and having similar tenor to the Credit Linked Notes (in each 
case, assuming “Auction Redemption” and a deemed occurrence of 
an Event Determination Date) would be a covered transaction for the 
purpose of the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms

--- Page 559 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
559 
and the deliverable obligations set out on the Final List are identical 
to the Deliverable Obligation Provisions applicable for such Series. 
If no election is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, “Single Notifying Party Event 
Determination Date” shall not apply. 
“Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date” means, with respect to a Relevant Credit Event and a Series to which 
“Standard Event Determination Date” does not apply: 
(a) 
if such Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring, either: 
(i) 
the Relevant City Business Day prior to the Auction Final Price Determination Date, if any; 
(ii) 
the Relevant City Business Day prior to the Auction Cancellation Date, if any; or 
(iii) 
the date that is 14 calendar days following the No Auction Announcement Date, if any, as 
applicable; or 
(b) 
if such Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring and: 
(i) 
the DC Secretary publishes a Final List applicable to the Applicable Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms and/or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, the date that is five Relevant City 
Business Days following the date on which such Final List is published; or 
(ii) 
otherwise, the date that is 14 calendar days following the relevant No Auction Announcement 
Date. 
“Non-Standard Reference Obligation” means each Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation or if a 
Substitute Reference Obligation has been determined in respect of any such Original Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation, the Substitute Reference Obligation. 
“Non-Transferable Instrument” means any Asset which is not capable of being transferred to institutional 
investors, excluding due to market conditions. 
“Non-Viability Trigger Event” means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local 
Access Basket Credit Linked Notes and Reference Assets of a Reference Entity, such event as defined under 
and occurring pursuant to the terms of the Reference Assets Conditions relating to such Reference Assets, 
including but not limited to any of the following events: 
(a) 
any relevant authority having decided that without a conversion or write-off with respect to the Reference 
Entity, the Reference Entity would become non-viable;  
(b) 
any relevant authority having decided that a public sector injection of capital or equivalent support is 
necessary with respect to the Reference Entity, without which the Reference Entity would become non-
viable;  
(c) 
any relevant capital adequacy ratio with respect to the Reference Entity falling below the relevant 
percentage and/or threshold prescribed in the Reference Assets Conditions; and/or 
(d) 
any other events (however described) which are similar in nature to the events described in paragraphs 
(a) to (c) above, 
provided that the Calculation Agent may determine in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable 
manner, whether a particular event under and occurring pursuant to the terms of the Reference Assets Conditions 
relating to such Reference Assets and/or the Reference Entity constitutes a Non-Viability Trigger Event. 
“NOPS Amendment Notice” has the meaning given to it in the definition of “Notice of Physical Settlement”.

--- Page 560 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
560 
“Notes Extension Date” means: 
(a) 
in respect of Credit Linked Notes other than Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local 
Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, the last day on which any Relevant Event Determination Date could 
occur, in the determination of the Calculation Agent (taking into consideration the latest of (i) the last 
day of any “Notice Delivery Period” (ii) the last Credit Event Resolution Request Date which could 
occur up to the last day of any Notice Delivery Period; (iii) the last Relevant Event Determination Date 
which could occur 14 calendar days after a DC Credit Event Announcement; (iv) the last day of any Post 
Dismissal Additional Period; and (v) the last Standard Exercise Cut-off Date or Non-Standard Exercise 
Cut-off Date, as applicable); and 
(b) 
in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked 
Notes, the LA Cut-Off Date. 
“Notice-determined EDD” has the meaning given in Credit Linked Condition 13(b)(ii) (Ordering of Event 
Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date following multiple Credit Events or Risk Events). 
“Notice Delivery Date” means the first date on which both an effective Credit Event Notice and, unless “Notice 
of Publicly Available Information” is specified as not applicable in relevant Issue Terms, an effective Notice of 
Publicly Available Information, has been delivered by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent. 
“Notice Delivery Period” means the period from and including the Trade Date to and including the date that is 
14 calendar days after the Extension Date. 
“Notice to Exercise Movement Option” with respect to a Series where (a) an M(M)R Restructuring is 
applicable and (b) the Fallback Redemption Method would otherwise be applicable pursuant to Credit Linked 
Condition 16(a)(i) (Fallback Redemption), a notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer that (i) specifies 
the Parallel Auction Settlement Terms which shall be applicable in accordance with the exercise of the 
Movement Option and (ii) is dated on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date. 
“Notice of Physical Settlement” means a notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer for onward delivery 
to the Fiscal Agent and Noteholders that (a) confirms that the Issuer intends to redeem the Credit Linked Notes 
(unless the relevant Issue Terms provide for multiple Deliveries) and requires performance in accordance with 
the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 18 (Physical Redemption Terms), (b) specifies (i) the proposed 
Delivery Date, (ii) if applicable, the Unwind Costs and (iii) if applicable, the Delivery Expenses and/or Interest 
Suspension Shortfall Amount, (c) contains a detailed description of each Deliverable Obligation that the Issuer 
will, subject to Credit Linked Condition 18 (Physical Redemption Terms), Deliver to Noteholders (in aggregate) 
and, if available and applicable, the CUSIP or ISIN number (or, if such identifying number is not available, the 
rate and tenor) of each such Deliverable Obligation and (d) specifies the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due 
and Payable Amount, as applicable, or the equivalent amount in the Settlement Currency (in each case, the 
“Outstanding Amount”) and, if different, the face amount, of each such Deliverable Obligation and the 
aggregate Outstanding Amount of all Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement 
that the Issuer intends to Deliver to the Noteholders (the “Aggregate Outstanding Amount”). The Calculation 
Agent may, from time to time, give notice to the Issuer for onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and the 
Noteholders, in the manner specified above (each such notification, a “NOPS Amendment Notice”) that the 
Issuer is replacing, in whole or in part, one or more Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or a prior NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, (to the extent the relevant Deliverable Obligation 
has not been Delivered as of the date such NOPS Amendment Notice is effective). A NOPS Amendment Notice 
shall contain a revised detailed description of each replacement Deliverable Obligation that the Issuer will 
Deliver to Noteholders (each, a “Replacement Deliverable Obligation”) and shall also specify the Outstanding 
Amount of each Deliverable Obligation identified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or a prior NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, that is being replaced (with respect to each such Deliverable Obligation, the

--- Page 561 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
561 
“Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount”). The Outstanding Amount of each Replacement 
Deliverable Obligation identified in a NOPS Amendment Notice shall be determined by applying the Revised 
Currency Rate to the relevant Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount. The Outstanding Amount 
of the Replacement Deliverable Obligations specified in any NOPS Amendment Notice in aggregate with the 
Outstanding Amount of the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any earlier 
NOPS Amendment Notice which, in each case, are not being replaced must not be greater than the Aggregate 
Outstanding Amount. Each such NOPS Amendment Notice must be effective on or prior to the Physical 
Redemption Date (determined without reference to any change resulting from such NOPS Amendment Notice). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, (x) the Issuer or the Calculation Agent may correct any errors or inconsistencies 
in the detailed description of each Deliverable Obligation contained in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any 
NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, by notice to the Fiscal Agent prior to the relevant Delivery Date and 
(y) if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, the Calculation Agent shall on or prior to the Delivery Date, notify 
the Issuer for onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and the Noteholders of the description of the Asset Package, 
if any, that the Issuer would Deliver to the Noteholders in lieu of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package 
Observable Bond, if any, specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable; it being understood in each case that such notice shall not constitute a NOPS Amendment Notice. 
“Notice of Publicly Available Information” means an irrevocable notice from the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent 
that cites Publicly Available Information confirming the occurrence of the Credit Event or Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium, as applicable, described in the Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension Notice. The notice given must contain a copy, or a description in reasonable detail, of the relevant 
Publicly Available Information. If “Notice of Publicly Available Information” is specified as being applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms and the Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice contains 
Publicly Available Information, such Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice will 
also be deemed to be a Notice of Publicly Available Information. If no election is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, “Notice of Publicly Available Information” shall apply. 
“Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes” means Credit Linked Notes which are specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms, in respect of which the Issuer purchases credit protection from Noteholders in respect of 
two or more Reference Entities and pursuant to which, upon the occurrence of a Credit Event and a Relevant 
Event Determination Date with respect to the nth Reference Entity, the Credit Linked Notes will be redeemed 
in accordance with the relevant Credit Event Redemption Method, where “n” shall be the number specified in 
such Issue Terms. If an Event Determination Date with respect to a relevant Reference Entity increases the 
Aggregate Default Count from an amount less than n to an amount equal to an amount equal or greater than n, 
such Reference Entity shall be the nth Reference Entity. 
“Nth-to-Default Partial Nominal Amount” has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 
23(h)(ii) (Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes). 
“Obligation” means (a) any obligation of the relevant Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a 
Relevant Guarantee (or in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy)), determined 
pursuant to the method described in “Method for Determining Obligations” below; and (b) the Reference 
Obligation or the Reference Assets, as applicable, in each case, unless it is an Excluded Obligation. 
(A) 
Method for Determining Obligations: 
For the purposes of paragraph (a) of the definition of “Obligation” above, an Obligation is each 
obligation of the relevant Reference Entity described by the Obligation Category specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms and having each of the Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, in each case, immediately prior, the Credit Event which is the subject of either the Credit Event

--- Page 562 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
562 
Notice or the Applicable DC Credit Event Question resulting in the occurrence of the Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date, as applicable. The following terms shall have the following meanings: 
(I) 
“Obligation Category” means Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference Obligation Only, 
Reference Assets Only Settlement, Bond, Loan, or Bond or Loan, only one of which shall be 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, and: 
(i) 
“Bond” means any obligation of a type included in the “Borrowed Money” Obligation 
Category that is in the form of, or represented by, a bond, note (other than notes delivered 
pursuant to Loans), certificated debt notes or other debt notes and shall not include any 
other type of Borrowed Money; 
(ii) 
“Bond or Loan” means any obligation that is either a Bond or a Loan; 
(iii) 
“Borrowed Money” means any obligation (excluding an obligation under a revolving 
credit arrangement for which there are no outstanding, unpaid drawings in respect of 
principal) for the payment or repayment of borrowed money (which term shall include, 
without limitation, deposits and reimbursement obligations arising from drawings 
pursuant to letters of credit); 
(iv) 
“Loan” means any obligation of a type included in the “Borrowed Money” Obligation 
Category that is documented by a term loan agreement, revolving loan agreement or other 
similar credit agreement and shall not include any other type of Borrowed Money; 
(v) 
“Payment” means any obligation (whether present or future, contingent or otherwise) for 
the payment or repayment of money, including, without limitation, Borrowed Money; 
(vi) 
“Reference Obligation Only” means any obligation that is a Reference Obligation and 
no Obligation Characteristics shall be applicable to Reference Obligation Only; and  
(vii) 
“Reference Assets Only Settlement” means, in respect of Local Access Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, the Reference Assets 
and no Obligation Characteristics shall be applicable to Reference Assets Only Settlement. 
(II) 
“Obligation Characteristics” means any one or more of Not Subordinated, Specified Currency, 
Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed and Not Domestic 
Issuance, and: 
(i) 
 
(A) 
“Not Subordinated” means an obligation that is not Subordinated to (x) the 
Reference Obligation or (y) the “Prior Reference Obligation” if applicable, 
provided that in respect of a Limited Recourse Obligation, this characteristic will 
be deemed to have been satisfied; 
(B) 
“Subordination” means, with respect to an obligation (the “Second Obligation”) 
and another obligation of the relevant Reference Entity to which such obligation is 
being compared (the “First Obligation”), a contractual, trust or similar 
arrangement providing that (x) upon the liquidation, dissolution, reorganisation or 
winding up of the relevant Reference Entity, claims of the holders of the First 
Obligation are required to be satisfied prior to the claims of the holders of the 
Second Obligation or (y) the holders of the Second Obligation will not be entitled 
to receive or retain principal payments in respect of their claims against the relevant 
Reference Entity at any time that the relevant Reference Entity is in payment

--- Page 563 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
563 
arrears or is otherwise in default under the First Obligation. “Subordinated” will be 
construed accordingly. For the purposes of determining whether Subordination 
exists or whether an obligation is Subordinated with respect to another obligation 
to which it is being compared, (1) the existence of preferred creditors arising by 
operation of law or of collateral, credit support or other credit enhancement or 
security arrangements shall not be taken into account, except that, notwithstanding 
the foregoing, priorities arising by operation of law shall be taken into account 
where the relevant Reference Entity is a Sovereign and (2) in the case of the 
Reference Obligation or the Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, the ranking 
in priority of payment shall be determined as of the date as of which it was issued 
or incurred (or in circumstances where the Reference Obligation or a Prior 
Reference Obligation is the Standard Reference Obligation and “Standard 
Reference Obligation” is applicable, then the priority of payment of the Reference 
Obligation or the Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, shall be determined as 
of the date of selection) and, in each case, shall not reflect any change to such 
ranking in priority of payment after such date and further provided that, in respect 
of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, such definition shall be applied in the assessment 
of any Obligation without regard to how the Obligation is described by the laws of 
any relevant jurisdiction, including any characterisation of the Obligation as senior 
or unsubordinated by the laws of any relevant jurisdiction; and 
(C) 
“Prior Reference Obligation” means, in circumstances where there is no 
Reference Obligation applicable to a Series, (I) the Reference Obligation most 
recently applicable thereto, if any, and otherwise, (II) the obligation specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms as the Reference Obligation, if any, if such Reference 
Obligation was redeemed on or prior to the Trade Date and otherwise, (III) any 
unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity; 
(ii) 
“Specified Currency” means an obligation that is payable in the currency or currencies 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms (or, if “Specified Currency” is specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms and no currency is so specified, any Standard Specified 
Currency), provided that if the euro is a Specified Currency, “Specified Currency” shall 
also include an obligation that was previously payable in the euro, regardless of any 
redenomination thereafter if such redenomination occurred as a result of action taken by 
a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the EU which is of general application in 
the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority; 
(iii) 
“Not Sovereign Lender” means any obligation that is not primarily owed to (A) a 
Sovereign or (B) any entity or organisation established by treaty or other arrangement 
between two or more Sovereigns including, without limiting the foregoing, the 
International Monetary Fund, European Central Bank, International Bank for 
Reconstruction and Development and European Bank for Reconstruction and 
Development, which shall include, without limitation, obligations generally referred to as 
“Paris Club debt”; 
(iv) 
“Not Domestic Currency” means any obligation that is payable in any currency other 
than the applicable Domestic Currency, provided that a Standard Specified Currency shall 
not constitute a Domestic Currency;

--- Page 564 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
564 
(v) 
“Not Domestic Law” means any obligation that is not governed by the applicable 
Domestic Law, provided that the laws of England and Wales and the laws of the State of 
New York shall not constitute Domestic Law; 
(vi) 
“Listed” means an obligation that is quoted, listed or ordinarily purchased and sold on an 
exchange; and 
(vii) 
“Not Domestic Issuance” means any obligation other than an obligation that was issued 
(or reissued, as the case may be) or intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic 
market of the relevant Reference Entity. Any obligation that is registered or, as a result of 
some other action having been taken for such purpose, is qualified for sale outside the 
domestic market of the relevant Reference Entity (regardless of whether such obligation 
is also registered or qualified for sale within the domestic market of the relevant Reference 
Entity) shall be deemed not to be issued (or reissued as the case may be) or intended to be 
offered for sale primarily in the domestic market of the relevant Reference Entity. 
Notwithstanding the definition of “Obligation” above: 
(a) 
in respect of: 
(I) 
a Hellenic Reference Entity, any obligation that is “Borrowed Money” that was issued or 
incurred, as the case may be, on or prior to 1 February 2012; 
(II) 
an Ecuador Reference Entity, any obligation that is a “Bond” that was issued on or prior 
to 20 April 2020; 
(III) 
an Argentine Reference Entity, any obligation that is a “Bond” that was issued on or prior 
to 31 August 2020; 
(IV) 
a Ukraine Reference Entity, any obligation that is a “Bond” that was issued on or prior to 
1 November 2015; or 
(V) 
a Venezuelan Covered Reference Entity, for so long as sanctions imposed by any and all 
Venezuelan Orders continue to subsist with respect to such Venezuelan Covered Reference 
Entity (as determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee), any 
obligation that is Restricted Debt, 
shall, in each case, be an “Excluded Obligation”; and 
(b) 
in respect of a Hungary Reference Entity, “Obligation” shall also include any National Bank of 
Hungary Obligation; 
(c) 
in respect of a Russian Reference Entity, any obligation that is, in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent, an IAN, a MinFin or a PRIN shall not constitute an Obligation; or 
(d) 
in respect of an LPN Reference Entity, each Reference Obligation will be an Obligation 
regardless of whether such obligation is an obligation of such LPN Reference Entity. 
“Obligation Acceleration” means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default 
Requirement have become due and payable before they would otherwise have been due and payable as a result 
of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default or other similar condition or event (however 
described), other than a failure to make any required payment, in respect of the relevant Reference Entity under 
one or more Obligations. 
“Obligation Currency” means the currency or currencies in which an Obligation is denominated.

--- Page 565 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
565 
“Obligation Default” means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default 
Requirement have become capable of being declared due and payable before they would otherwise have been 
due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default or other similar 
condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make any required payment, in respect of the 
relevant Reference Entity under one or more Obligations. 
“OFAC” means the United States Office of Foreign Asset Control. 
“Original Aggregate Nominal Amount” means, on the Issue Date, the original aggregate nominal amount of 
the Credit Linked Notes of such Series specified in the relevant Issue Terms (which, for the avoidance of doubt, 
shall in the case of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes be calculated, disregarding the effect of a reduction to 
reflect any Settled Entity Incurred Loss Amount and/or Settled Entity Incurred Recovery Amount which is 
determined to exist on the Issue Date). 
“Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation” means each obligation of the relevant Reference Entity 
(either directly or as provider of a Guarantee) or in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying 
Policy which is specified as a Reference Obligation in the relevant Issue Terms (if any is so specified). 
“Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount” means, on any day: 
(a) 
in respect of Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount; minus 
(ii) 
the aggregate of all Applicable Proportions in respect of such Credit Linked Notes relating to 
previous Relevant Credit Events or Relevant Risk Events, as applicable; 
(b) 
in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount; minus 
(ii) 
the sum of the Settled Entity Incurred Recovery Amount and the Settled Entity Incurred Loss 
Amount (in each case, if any) as determined on the Issue Date; minus 
(iii) 
the aggregate of all Principal Writedown Amounts determined on or prior to such date; and 
(c) 
in respect of Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount; minus 
(ii) 
the aggregate of all Principal Writedown Amounts determined on or prior to such date, 
in each case, taking into account (without double counting) any partial redemptions, amortisations, cancellations 
or further issues of the Credit Linked Notes of such Series on or prior to such date. 
“Outstanding Amount” has the meaning given to that term in the definition of “Notice of Physical Settlement”. 
The “Outstanding Principal Balance” of an obligation will be calculated as follows: 
(a) 
first, by determining, in respect of the obligation, the amount of the relevant Reference Entity’s principal 
payment obligations and, where applicable in accordance with the definition of “Accrued Interest”, the 
relevant Reference Entity’s accrued but unpaid interest payment obligations, which in the case of a 
Guarantee (or in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy), will be the lower 
of (i) the Outstanding Principal Balance (including accrued but unpaid interest, where applicable) of the 
Underlying Obligation (or Insured Instrument, as applicable) (determined as if references to the relevant

--- Page 566 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
566 
Reference Entity were references to the Underlying Obligor (or Insured Obligor, as applicable)) and (ii) 
the amount of the Fixed Cap, if any); or 
(b) 
second, by subtracting (I) Unwind Costs, the Delivery Expenses and Interest Suspension Shortfall 
Amount, in each case, if any (rounded down to the nearest integral authorised denomination of the 
relevant obligations); plus (II) all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the 
obligation, (i) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (ii) may otherwise be reduced as a result of the 
effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than by way of 
(A) payment or (B) a Permitted Contingency) (the amount determined in paragraph (a) above of the 
definition of “Outstanding Principal Balance” less any amounts subtracted in accordance with this 
paragraph (b), the “Non-Contingent Amount”) (provided that, in respect of a Monoline Insurer 
Reference Entity, any provisions of an Insured Instrument limiting recourse in respect of such Insured 
Instrument to the proceeds of specified assets (including proceeds subject to a priority of payments) or 
reducing the amount of any Instrument Payments owing under such Insured Instrument, shall be 
disregarded for the purposes of this paragraph (b), provided that such provisions are not applicable to 
the Qualifying Policy by the terms thereof and the Qualifying Policy continues to guarantee or insure, 
as applicable, the Instrument Payments that would have been required to be made absent any such 
limitation or reduction); and 
(c) 
third, by determining the Quantum of the Claim, which shall then constitute the Outstanding Principal 
Balance, 
in each case, determined: 
(A) 
unless otherwise specified, in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect on (I) the 
Delivery Date, (II) the Valuation Date or (III) the LA Physical Redemption Date, as applicable; 
and 
(B) 
with respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance with any applicable laws (insofar 
as such laws reduce or discount the size of the claim to reflect the original issue price or accrued 
value of the obligation). 
For the purpose of this definition of “Outstanding Principal Balance”: 
(i) 
“applicable laws” shall include any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other law affecting 
creditors’ rights to which the relevant obligation is, or may become, subject;  
(ii) 
“Quantum of the Claim” means the lowest amount of the claim which could be validly asserted 
against the relevant Reference Entity in respect of the Non-Contingent Amount if the obligation 
had become redeemable, been accelerated, terminated or had otherwise become due and payable 
at the time of the relevant determination, provided that the Quantum of the Claim cannot exceed 
the Non-Contingent Amount; and 
If “2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019)” 
and “Fallback Discounting” apply, then notwithstanding the above, if (x) the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of an obligation is not reduced or discounted under sub-paragraph (c)(B) above, 
(ii) that obligation is either a Bond that has an issue price less than 95 per cent. of the principal 
redemption amount or a Loan where the amount advanced is less than 95 per cent. of the principal 
repayment amount and, (iii) such Bond or Loan does not include provisions relating to the 
accretion over time of the amount which would be payable on an early redemption or repayment 
of such Bond or Loan that are customary for the applicable type of Bond or Loan as the case may 
be, then the Outstanding Principal Balance of such Bond or Loan shall be the lesser of (I) the 
Non-Contingent Amount; and (II) an amount determined by straight line interpolation between

--- Page 567 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
567 
the issue price of the Bond or the amount advanced under the Loan and the principal redemption 
amount or principal repayment amount, as applicable. 
For the purposes of determining whether the issue price of a Bond or the amount advanced under 
a Loan is less than 95 per cent. of the principal redemption amount or principal repayment amount 
(as applicable) or, where applicable, for applying straight line interpolation: 
(x) 
where such Bond or Loan was issued as a result of an exchange offer, the issue price or 
amount advanced of the new Bond or Loan resulting from the exchange shall be deemed 
to be equal to the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the original obligation(s) 
that were tendered or exchanged (the “Original Obligation(s)”) at the time of such 
exchange (determined without regard to market or trading value of the Original 
Obligation(s)); and 
(y) 
in the case of a Bond or Loan that is fungible with a prior debt obligation previously issued 
by the relevant Reference Entity, such Bond or Loan shall be treated as having the same 
issue price or amount advanced as the prior debt obligation. 
In circumstances where a holder would have received more than one obligation in exchange for 
the Original Obligation(s), the Calculation Agent will determine the allocation of the aggregate 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Original Obligation(s) amongst each of the resulting 
obligations for the purpose of determining the issue price or amount advanced of the relevant 
Bond or Loan. Such allocation will take into account the interest rate, maturity, level of 
subordination and other terms of the obligations that resulted from the exchange and shall be 
made by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the methodology (if any) determined by the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
In respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, any provisions of an Insured Instrument 
limiting recourse in respect of such Insured Instrument to the proceeds of specified assets 
(including proceeds subject to a priority of payments) or reducing the amount of any Instrument 
Payments owing under such Insured Instrument, shall be disregarded for the purposes of sub-
paragraph (B) above, provided that such provisions are not applicable to the Qualifying Policy 
by the terms thereof and the Qualifying Policy continues to guarantee or insure, as applicable, the 
Instrument Payments that would have been required to be made absent any such limitation or 
reduction. 
“Ownership Restriction Event” means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, the occurrence of any event or the existence of any condition that 
has the effect of it being illegal, impossible or impracticable for, or has the effect of prohibiting, restricting or 
materially delaying the ability of, any Reference Investor to purchase, hold, receive, sell, freely transfer or 
remain the owner of any Reference Investor Asset or any amount received in respect thereof. 
“Package Observable Bond” means, in respect of a relevant Reference Entity which is a Sovereign, any 
obligation (a) which is identified as such and published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org from time to 
time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party designated by ISDA on its website from time to time 
and (b) which fell within the definition of “Deliverable Obligation” set out in paragraph (a) or (b) of the 
definition of “Deliverable Obligation”, in each case, immediately preceding the date on which the relevant 
Asset Package Credit Event was legally effective. 
“Parallel Auction” means the “Auction” which is the subject of the relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
“Parallel Auction Cancellation Date” means the “Auction Cancellation Date” in respect of the relevant 
Parallel Auction Settlement Terms.

--- Page 568 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
568 
“Parallel Auction Settlement Terms” means, following the occurrence of an “M(M)R Restructuring”, any 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA with respect to such an M(M)R Restructuring 
if the Calculation Agent determines in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, that the 
relevant Deliverable Obligation Terms are the same as the Deliverable Obligation Provisions applicable to the 
relevant Credit Linked Notes and for which a representative credit derivative transaction economically 
equivalent to the Credit Linked Notes in unfunded format referencing the same Affected Reference Entity 
(assuming Auction Redemption and the deemed occurrence of an “Event Determination Date”) which has 
identical deliverable obligation terms to the Deliverable Obligation Provisions of the Credit Linked Notes and 
Deliverable Obligation Terms of the relevant auction settlement terms under consideration but would not be a 
covered transaction (due to the range of designated scheduled termination dates for the relevant auction 
settlement terms under consideration or otherwise) for the purpose of the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
“Payment/Delivery Failure Event” means, in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, that: 
(a) 
it is impossible, impracticable or illegal for the Issuer to pay (due to an event beyond the control of the 
Issuer including, without limitation, a failure by the Noteholder to provide account details of its 
designee), or for a Noteholder to accept payment of (due to an event beyond the control of such 
Noteholder), any cash amount (including, without limitation, any portion of the relevant Credit Event 
Redemption Amount, in respect of the Credit Linked Notes) required to be paid by the Issuer on the date 
intended for such payment and such event preventing the payment or acceptance is not cured by the 
affected party; or  
(b) 
the relevant definitive Credit Linked Notes (where applicable) and/or the Deliverable Obligation Notice 
are not delivered in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 18(a) (Delivery of Physical Redemption 
Assets) or any intended recipient has failed to duly execute, deliver and/or accept a transfer certificate 
or other transfer document on or before any Delivery Date and/or specify a date for transfer of the 
relevant Deliverable Obligation that is on or before any Delivery Date, in each case in accordance with 
the terms of the relevant Deliverable Obligation. 
“Payment Failure Cut-Off Date” has the meaning given to it in Credit Linked Condition 21(a) 
(Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to pay). 
“Payment Requirement” means the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or its equivalent in 
the relevant Obligation Currency (or, if no such amount is specified, USD 1,000,000 or its equivalent in the 
relevant Obligation Currency) in either case as of the occurrence of the relevant Failure to Pay or Potential 
Failure to Pay, as appropriate. 
“Permissible Deliverable Obligation” has the meaning set out in the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms, being either all or the portion of the deliverable obligations included on the Final List 
pursuant to the Deliverable Obligation Terms that are applicable to that Auction. 
“Permitted Contingency” means, with respect to an obligation, any reduction to the relevant Reference 
Entity’s payment obligations: 
(a) 
as a result of the application of: 
(i) 
any provisions allowing a transfer, pursuant to which another party may assume all of the 
payment obligations of the relevant Reference Entity; 
(ii) 
provisions implementing the Subordination of the obligation;

--- Page 569 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
569 
(iii) 
provisions allowing for a Permitted Transfer in the case of a Qualifying Guarantee (or provisions 
allowing for the release of the relevant Reference Entity from its payment obligations in the case 
of any other Guarantee); 
(iv) 
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if “Subordinated European Insurance Terms” apply; or 
(v) 
in respect of Limited Recourse Obligations, Limited Recourse Provisions; 
(vi) 
provisions which permit the relevant Reference Entity’s obligations to be altered, discharged, 
released or suspended in circumstances which would constitute a Governmental Intervention, if 
“Financial Reference Entity Terms” apply; or 
(b) 
which is within the control of the holders of the obligation or a third party acting on their behalf (such 
as an agent or trustee) in exercising their rights under or in respect of such obligation. 
“Permitted Transfer” means, with respect to a Qualifying Guarantee, a transfer to and the assumption by any 
single transferee of such Qualifying Guarantee (including by way of cancellation and execution of a new 
Guarantee) on the same or substantially the same terms, in circumstances where there is also a transfer of all 
(or substantially all) of the assets of the relevant Reference Entity to the same single transferee. 
“Physical Redemption Assets” means, in respect of Credit Linked Notes for which pursuant to Credit Linked 
Condition 18 (Physical Redemption Terms) the “Physical Redemption Terms” are applicable, subject to Credit 
Linked Condition 22 (Effect of DC Resolutions), such Deliverable Obligations as may be selected by the Issuer 
with: (a) an Outstanding Principal Balance (as determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in 
a commercially reasonable manner, on the date of the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment 
Notice, as applicable), in respect of Deliverable Obligations that are Borrowed Money Obligations or (b) a Due 
and Payable Amount, in respect of Deliverable Obligations that are not Borrowed Money Obligations (or in 
either case, the equivalent Currency Amount thereof), with an Outstanding Principal Balance equal to (i) the 
Applicable Proportion or (ii) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, on the date 
of the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable). If the amount of the 
Physical Redemption Assets is less than zero, no Deliverable Obligations will be required to be Delivered and 
the amount of the Physical Redemption Assets will be deemed to be zero. If an Asset Package Credit Event has 
occurred and a Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond which would otherwise have been 
included in the Physical Redemption Assets has been converted into an Asset Package, then references in this 
definition of “Physical Redemption Assets” to “Deliverable Obligations” shall be references to the resulting 
Asset Package and the Asset Package shall be treated as having the same currency and Outstanding Principal 
Balance as the relevant Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond. The Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the Deliverable Obligations being Delivered will exclude accrued but unpaid interest, unless 
“Include Accrued Interest” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, in which case, the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the Deliverable Obligations being Delivered will include accrued but unpaid interest (as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine).  
“Physical Redemption Date” means the last day of the longest Physical Settlement Period following the date 
of effective delivery of the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable. If all 
Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable are Delivered on or before that Physical Redemption Date, the date that the Issuer completes Delivery 
of such Deliverable Obligations shall be the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
“Physical Settlement Matrix” means, where “Physical Settlement Matrix Standard Terms” applies to any 
Series of Credit Linked Notes (notwithstanding that the Credit Event Redemption Method for such Notes may 
not be Physical Redemption), the terms applicable to one or more Transaction Type(s) in respect of the relevant

--- Page 570 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
570 
Reference Entity(ies) of such Series of Credit Linked Notes as set out in the applicable Issue Terms, provided 
that in the event of any inconsistency between (i) Part A (Contractual Terms) of the relevant Issue Terms and 
(ii) any schedule or appendix to such Issue Terms, Part A (Contractual Terms) of the Issue Terms will prevail. 
“Physical Settlement Period” means, subject to the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 22(d) (Redemption 
Suspension), the number of Business Days specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if a number of 
Business Days is not so specified, then with respect to a Deliverable Obligation specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, the longest number of Business Days for 
settlement in accordance with then current market practice of such Deliverable Obligation, as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine; provided that if the Calculation Agent has notified the Issuer (who, in turn, has notified 
the Fiscal Agent and Noteholders), that it intends to Deliver an Asset Package in lieu of a Prior Deliverable 
Obligation or a Package Observable Bond, the Physical Settlement Period shall be 30 Business Days. 
“Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes” means Credit Linked Notes which are specified as such in the 
Issue Terms, which are linked to a tranche of the losses and recoveries in respect of a bespoke basket of two or 
more Reference Entities (which, for the avoidance of doubt, may include the component Reference Entities of 
a proprietary index) specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Portfolio Tranched Final Redemption Amount” means, in respect of each Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked 
Note, unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the 
greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
such Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note’s pro rata share of an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount; plus 
(ii) 
the sum of all Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amounts determined in respect of the Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes. 
“Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount” means, in respect of Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes 
and an Affected Reference Entity on any day, an amount, calculated by the Calculation Agent on such day equal 
to the lowest of: 
(a) 
the Loss Amount in respect of such Affected Reference Entity; 
(b) 
the Aggregate Loss Amount (including the Loss Amount in respect of such Affected Reference Entity 
and such day) minus the Loss Threshold Amount (subject to a minimum of zero); and 
(c) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (prior to any reduction thereof in respect of such Affected 
Reference Entity and such day). 
“Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount” means, in respect of Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes and an Affected Reference Entity on any day, an amount, calculated by the Calculation Agent on such 
day equal to the lowest of: 
(a) 
the Recovery Amount in respect of such Affected Reference Entity; 
(b) 
the Aggregate Recovery Amount (calculated taking into account the Recovery Amount for such Affected 
Reference Entity) minus the Recovery Threshold Amount (subject to a minimum of zero); and 
(c) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount (prior to any reduction thereto in respect of such Affected 
Reference Entity and such day).

--- Page 571 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
571 
“Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount” means, in respect of each Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, 
unless otherwise specified in the Issue Terms, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the greater 
of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
each Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Note’s pro rata share of an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount; minus 
(ii) 
the Unwind Costs, if any. 
“Post Dismissal Additional Period” means the period from and including the date of the Applicable DC Credit 
Event Question Dismissal to and including the date that is 14 calendar days thereafter (provided that the relevant 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurred on or prior to the end of the last day of the Notice Delivery 
Period (including prior to the Trade Date)). 
“Potential Failure to Pay” means the failure by the relevant Reference Entity to make, when and where due, 
any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more Obligations 
in accordance with the terms of such obligations at the time of such failure, without regard to any grace period 
or any conditions precedent to the commencement of any grace period applicable to such Obligations. 
“Potential Repudiation/Moratorium” means the occurrence of an event described in sub-paragraph (a) of the 
definition of “Repudiation/Moratorium”. 
“Principal Tax Deduction Amount” means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes and a payment of principal (howsoever described) in respect of the 
redemption of the Reference Investor Assets, an amount equal to any and all withholding(s) or deduction(s) for 
or on account of any taxes or duties (for the avoidance of doubt, whether effective at and/or after the Trade 
Date) of whatever nature that would be imposed, levied or collected by or on behalf of any authority of the 
Reference Jurisdiction in respect of such payment to a Reference Investor. 
“PRIN” means any Vnesheconombank’s loan arising under a Restructuring Agreement and an Exchange 
Agreement, dated as of 6 October 1997, among Vnesheconombank of the USSR, the Closing Agent and 
Participating Creditors named therein. 
“Principal Writedown Amount” means, in respect of: 
(a) 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and an Affected Reference Entity, the sum of: 
(i) 
the Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount (if any) applicable to such Affected Reference 
Entity; and 
(ii) 
the Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount applicable to such Affected Reference Entity; or 
(b) 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes and an Affected Reference Entity, the sum of: 
(i) 
the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount (if any) applicable to such Affected Reference 
Entity; and 
(ii) 
the Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount applicable to such Affected Reference Entity.  
“Prior Deliverable Obligation” means: 
(a) 
if a Governmental Intervention has occurred (whether or not such event is specified as the applicable 
Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement), any 
Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity which (i) existed immediately prior to such Governmental

--- Page 572 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
572 
Intervention, (ii) was the subject of such Governmental Intervention and (iii) fell within the definition 
of “Deliverable Obligation” set out in paragraph (a) or (b) of the definition of “Deliverable Obligation”, 
in each case, immediately preceding the date on which such Governmental Intervention was legally 
effective; or 
(b) 
if a Restructuring which does not constitute a Governmental Intervention has occurred in respect of the 
Reference Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity (whether or not such event is specified as the 
applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement), 
such Reference Obligation, if any. 
“Private-side Loan” means a Loan in respect of which the documentation governing its terms is not publicly 
available or capable of being made public without violating a law, agreement, understanding or other restriction 
regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
“Prohibited Action” means any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence based on the 
factors set forth in sub-paragraphs (a) to (d) of the definition of “Credit Event”) or right of set-off by or of the 
relevant Reference Entity or any applicable Underlying Obligor. In respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference 
Entity, for the purposes of this definition, references to the Underlying Obligation and the Underlying Obligor 
shall be deemed to include Insured Instruments and the Insured Obligor, respectively. 
“Public Source” means each source of Publicly Available Information specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms (or, if no such source is specified, each of Bloomberg, Reuters, Dow Jones Newswires, The Wall Street 
Journal, The New York Times, Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Asahi Shimbun, Yomiuri Shimbun, Financial Times, La 
Tribune, Les Echos, The Australian Financial Review and Debtwire (and successor publications), the main 
source(s) of business news in the country in which the relevant Reference Entity is organised and any other 
internationally recognised published or electronically displayed news sources). 
“Publicly Available Information” means information that reasonably confirms any of the facts relevant to the 
determination that the Credit Event or Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as applicable, described in a Credit 
Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice have occurred and which (a) has been published in 
or on not less than the Specified Number of Public Sources, regardless of whether the reader or user thereof 
pays a fee to obtain such information; (b) is information received from or published by (i) the relevant Reference 
Entity (or if the relevant Reference Entity is a Sovereign, any agency, instrumentality, ministry, department or 
other authority thereof acting in a governmental capacity (including, without limiting the foregoing, the central 
bank) of such Sovereign) or (ii) a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent, paying agent, facility 
agent or agent bank for an Obligation, or (c) is information contained in any order, decree, notice, petition or 
filing, however described, of or filed with a court, tribunal, exchange, regulatory authority or similar 
administrative, regulatory or judicial body; provided that where any information of the type described in sub-
paragraphs (a) to (c) of this definition is not publicly available, it can only constitute Publicly Available 
Information if it can be made public without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction 
regarding the confidentiality of such information. 
In relation to any information of the type described in sub-paragraphs (b) and (c) in the first paragraph of this 
definition, the party receiving such information may assume that such information has been disclosed to it 
without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such 
information and that the party delivering such information has not taken any action or entered into any 
agreement or understanding with the relevant Reference Entity or any Affiliate of the relevant Reference Entity 
that would be breached by, or would prevent, the disclosure of such information to the party receiving such 
information. 
Without limitation, Publicly Available Information need not state (a) in relation to the definition of 
“Downstream Affiliate”, the percentage of Voting Shares owned by the relevant Reference Entity and (b) that

--- Page 573 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
573 
the relevant occurrence (i) has met the Payment Requirement or Default Requirement, (ii) is the result of 
exceeding any applicable Grace Period or (iii) has met the subjective criteria specified in certain Credit Events. 
In relation to a Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event, Publicly Available Information must relate to the events 
described in sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) of the definition of “Repudiation/Moratorium”. 
“Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee” means a Qualifying Guarantee provided by the relevant Reference Entity in 
respect of an Underlying Obligation of a Downstream Affiliate of the Reference Entity. 
“Qualifying Guarantee” means a Guarantee evidenced by a written instrument (which may include a statute 
or regulation), pursuant to which the relevant Reference Entity irrevocably agrees, undertakes or is otherwise 
obliged to pay all amounts of principal and interest (except for amounts which are not covered due to the 
existence of a Fixed Cap) due under an “Underlying Obligation” for which the Underlying Obligor is the 
obligor, by guarantee of payment and not by guarantee of collection (or, in either case, any legal arrangement 
which is equivalent thereto in form under the relevant governing law). 
A Qualifying Guarantee shall not include any guarantee: 
(a) 
which is structured as a surety bond, financial guarantee insurance policy or letter of credit (or any legal 
arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form); or 
(b) 
pursuant to the terms applicable thereto, the principal payment obligations of the relevant Reference 
Entity can be discharged, released, reduced, assigned or otherwise altered as a result of the occurrence 
or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance other than: (i) by payment; (ii) by way of Permitted 
Transfer; (iii) by operation of law; (iv) due to the existence of a Fixed Cap; or (v) due to: (A) provisions 
permitting or anticipating a Governmental Intervention, if “Financial Reference Entity Terms” apply; or 
(B) any Solvency Capital Provisions, if “Subordinated European Insurance Terms” apply. 
If the Guarantee or Underlying Obligation contains provisions relating to the discharge, release, reduction, 
assignment or other alteration of the principal payment obligations of the relevant Reference Entity and such 
provisions have ceased to apply or are suspended at the time of the relevant determination, in accordance with 
the terms of such Guarantee or Underlying Obligation, due to or following the occurrence of (A) a non-payment 
in respect of the Guarantee or the Underlying Obligation, or (B) an event of the type described in the definition 
of “Bankruptcy” in respect of the relevant Reference Entity or the Underlying Obligor, then it shall be deemed 
for these purposes that such cessation or suspension is permanent, notwithstanding the terms of the Guarantee 
or Underlying Obligation. 
In order for a Guarantee to constitute a Qualifying Guarantee: (I) The benefit of a Qualifying Guarantee such 
Guarantee must be capable of being delivered together with the delivery of the Underlying Obligation; and (II) 
if a Guarantee contains a Fixed Cap, all claims to any amounts which are subject to such Fixed Cap must be 
capable of being delivered together with the delivery of such Guarantee. 
“Qualifying Policy” means, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a financial guarantee insurance 
policy or similar financial guarantee pursuant to which such Monoline Insurer Reference Entity irrevocably 
guarantees or insures all Instrument Payments of an instrument that constitutes Borrowed Money (modified as 
set forth below) (the “Insured Instrument”) for which another party (including a special purpose entity or 
trust) is the obligor (the “Insured Obligor”). Qualifying Policies shall exclude any arrangement (i) structured 
as a surety bond, letter of credit or equivalent legal arrangement or (ii) pursuant to the express contractual terms 
of which the payment obligations of the relevant Reference Entity can be discharged or reduced as a result of 
the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than the payment of Instrument Payments). 
The benefit of a Qualifying Policy must be capable of being Delivered together with the Delivery of the Insured 
Instrument.

--- Page 574 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
574 
In the event that an Obligation or a Deliverable Obligation is a Qualifying Policy, the terms of the definition of 
“Qualifying Guarantee” will apply, with references to the Relevant Guarantee, the Underlying Obligation and 
the Underlying Obligor deemed to include the Qualifying Policy, the Insured Instrument and the Insured 
Obligor, respectively, except that: 
(a) 
the Obligation Category “Borrowed Money” and the Obligation Category and Deliverable Obligation 
Category “Bond” shall be deemed to include distributions payable under an Insured Instrument in the 
form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, the Deliverable Obligation 
Category “Bond” shall be deemed to include such an Insured Instrument, and the terms “obligation” 
and “obligor” as used in these Credit Linked Conditions (as supplemented by the “Monoline 
Supplement”) in respect of such an Insured Instrument shall be construed accordingly; 
(b) 
references in the definitions of “Assignable Loan” and “Consent Required Loan” to the guarantor and 
guaranteeing shall be deemed to include the insurer and insuring, respectively; 
(c) 
neither the Qualifying Policy nor the Insured Instrument must satisfy on the relevant date the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic of “Accelerated or Matured”, whether or not that characteristic is otherwise 
specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms in respect of the Transaction Type; 
(d) 
if the “Assignable Loan”, “Consent Required Loan”, “Direct Loan Participation” or “Transferable 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics” are specified in the relevant Issue Terms in respect of the 
Transaction Type and if the benefit of the Qualifying Policy is not transferred as part of any transfer of 
the Insured Instrument, the Qualifying Policy must be transferable at least to the same extent as the 
Insured Instrument; 
(e) 
with respect to an Insured Instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar funded 
beneficial interest, the term “maturity”, as such term is used in the “Maximum Maturity” Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic, shall mean the specified date by which the Qualifying Policy guarantees or 
insures, as applicable, that the ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance will occur; and 
(f) 
with respect to a Qualifying Policy and an Insured Instrument, only the Qualifying Policy must satisfy 
on the relevant date or dates the “Not Subordinated” Obligation Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic, if applicable. 
“Quotation” means each Full Quotation obtained and expressed as a percentage of the Reference Obligation’s 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount (or if a Quotation is being obtained in respect of 
the Asset Package resulting from any Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond 
immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event), as applicable, with respect to a Valuation Date in the 
manner that follows: 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to each Valuation Date from 
five or more Quotation Dealers. If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more such Full 
Quotations on the same Business Day within three Business Days of a Valuation Date, then on the next 
following Business Day (and, if necessary, on each Business Day thereafter until the tenth Business Day 
following the relevant Valuation Date) the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations 
from five or more Quotation Dealers. 
(b) 
If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more Full Quotations on the same Business Day on 
or prior to the tenth Business Day following the applicable Valuation Date, the Quotations shall be 
deemed to be any Full Quotation obtained from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth 
Business Day, or if no Full Quotation is obtained on such tenth Business Day, the quotation shall be 
deemed to be zero for the Quotation Amount for which firm quotations were not obtained on such day.

--- Page 575 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
575 
“Quotation Amount” means, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms, an amount determined by 
the Calculation Agent not in excess of the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes 
or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency, which shall be converted by the Calculation Agent in a 
commercially reasonable manner by reference to exchange rates in effect at the time that the relevant Quotation 
is being obtained. Where an Asset Package Credit Event has occurred and a Deliverable Obligation has been 
converted into an Asset Package, the Quotation Amount for all or any part of the Asset Package shall be such 
amount as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate in its sole and absolute discretion or its equivalent in 
the relevant Obligation Currency, which shall be converted by the Calculation Agent acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner by reference to exchange rates in effect at the time that the relevant Quotation is being 
obtained. 
“Quotation Dealer” means, (a) in respect of Credit Linked Notes other than Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, a dealer (which may be one or more of the Issuer’s 
affiliates) in obligations of the type for which Quotations are to be obtained, including any Quotation Dealer if 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms; or (b) in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, a dealer which is not resident in the Reference Jurisdiction, if 
applicable, and which deals in obligations of the type for which Quotations are to be obtained, including any 
Quotation Dealer, if specified in the relevant Issue Terms and, in each case, as selected by the Calculation Agent 
in its discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. Upon a Quotation Dealer no 
longer being in existence (with no successors), or not being an active dealer in the obligations of the type for 
which Quotations are to be obtained, the Calculation Agent may, in its discretion, acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner, substitute any such Quotation Dealer(s) for one or more of the foregoing. 
“Quotation Method” means the applicable Quotation Method specified in the relevant Issue Terms by 
reference to one of the following terms (or, if no Quotation Method is specified, Bid shall apply), 
where: 
(a) 
“Bid” means that only bid quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers; 
(b) 
“Offer” means that only offer quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers; or 
(c) 
“Mid-market” means that bid and offer quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers and shall 
be averaged for the purposes of determining a relevant Quotation Dealer’s quotation, 
provided that in respect of any Asset Package which is the subject of a Quotation, the Quotation Method shall 
be any of the above Quotation Methods selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, or 
any other method of quotation provided in the market for the relevant Asset as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, notwithstanding the Quotation Method specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Recovery Amount” means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes and an Affected Reference Entity and subject to Credit Linked Condition 23 (Successor 
Provisions): 
(a) 
if no M(M)R Restructuring has occurred: 
(i) 
if “Auction Redemption” is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method (and provided that 
the Fallback Redemption Method does not apply), an amount equal to the lower of (A) 100 per 
cent. and (B) the Auction Final Price, multiplied by the Reference Entity Notional Amount for 
the Affected Reference Entity; 
(ii) 
if “Cash Redemption” is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method (and provided that 
the Fallback Redemption Method does not apply), or if Cash Redemption applies as the Fallback

--- Page 576 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
576 
Redemption Method, an amount equal to the lower of (A) 100 per cent. and (B) the Final Price, 
multiplied by the Reference Entity Notional Amount for the Affected Reference Entity; or 
(iii) 
if “Fixed Recovery Redemption” is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method, an amount 
equal to the lower of (A) 100 per cent. and (B) the Fixed Recovery Percentage, multiplied by the 
Reference Entity Notional Amount for the Affected Reference Entity; or 
(b) 
if an M(M)R Restructuring has occurred: 
(i) 
if “Auction Redemption” is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method, an amount equal 
to the lower of (A) 100 per cent. and (B) the Auction Final Price, multiplied by the Exercise 
Amount for the Affected Reference Entity; 
(ii) 
if “Cash Redemption” is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method, or if Cash 
Redemption applies as the Fallback Redemption Method, an amount equal to the lower of (A) 
100 per cent. and (B) the Final Price, multiplied by the Exercise Amount for the Affected 
Reference Entity; or 
(iii) 
if “Fixed Recovery Redemption” is specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method, an amount 
equal to the lower of (A) 100 per cent. and (B) the Fixed Recovery Percentage, multiplied by the 
Exercise Amount for the Affected Reference Entity. 
“Recovery Threshold Amount” means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the amount specified in the Issue Terms which shall be the product of (a) the 
Implicit Portfolio Size and (b) 100 per cent. minus the Exhaustion Point. 
“Redemption Suspension Notice” has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 22 (Effect of 
DC Resolutions). 
“Reference Assets” means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access 
Basket Credit Linked Notes and a Reference Entity, an amount of any assets specified as such in the relevant 
Issue Terms issued by such Reference Entity with a Reference Assets Call/Maturity Date as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms and a nominal amount equal to the Applicable Principal Currency Amount, as such 
assets may be amended from time to time (including without limitation any securities, cash proceeds or other 
assets into which such assets shall have been exchanged or converted from time to time, provided that when 
determining whether any of the events or conditions that may be applicable to the Local Access Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, have occurred, such 
determination shall be made by the Calculation Agent with reference to the terms and conditions of the original 
Reference Assets and not such replacement securities or assets).  
“Reference Assets Call/Maturity Date” means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes and Reference Assets of a Reference Entity, the date specified as 
such with respect to such Reference Assets in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Reference Assets Conditions” means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local 
Access Basket Credit Linked Notes and Reference Assets of a Reference Entity, the terms and conditions of 
such Reference Assets, as set out in the offering circular or equivalent document, as may be amended and/or 
supplemented from time to time. 
“Reference Assets Conditions Date” means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes and Reference Assets of a Reference Entity, the date specified with 
respect to the Reference Assets Conditions of such Reference Assets in the applicable Issue Terms.

--- Page 577 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
577 
“Reference Assets Forward Rate” means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes to which “FX Forward Rate” applies, the rate specified with respect 
to the Reference Assets FX Forward Notional of the Reference Assets relating to a Reference Entity in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
“Reference Assets FX Forward Notional” means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes to which “FX Forward Rate” applies, the amount specified 
with respect to the Reference Assets relating to a Reference Entity in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Reference Assets FX Forward Termination Date” means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes to which “FX Forward Rate” applies, the date 
specified with respect to the Reference Assets relating to a Reference Entity in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Reference Assets FX Forward Termination Value” means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes to which “FX Forward Rate” applies, an amount 
(which may be positive or negative) in the Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent as at the 
FX Rate Set Date as the product of: 
(a) 
Reference Assets Forward Rate, minus the FX Rate; and 
(b) 
Reference Assets FX Forward Notional, divided by the FX Rate. 
“Reference Assets Liquidation Value” means, in respect of Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes and 
Reference Assets of a Reference Entity, on the LA Cash Payment Date, Reference Assets Call/Maturity Date or 
on any Business Day (as applicable), the highest firm dirty bid quotation (or, for the purposes of determining 
whether a Reference Assets Liquidation Value Trigger Event has occurred, the highest firm clean bid quotation, 
excluding accrued interest) expressed as a percentage that the Calculation Agent is able to obtain on such day 
from the Quotation Dealers for the sale to the Quotation Dealers of the relevant Reference Assets, provided that 
if none of the Quotation Dealers provides such a firm quotation then the “Reference Assets Liquidation Value” 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, and provided further that if on 
or prior to any such date the relevant Reference Assets have been redeemed in whole in accordance with their 
terms then the “Reference Assets Liquidation Value” shall be the aggregate redemption proceeds (or, for the 
purposes of determining whether a Reference Assets Liquidation Value Trigger Event has occurred, the 
aggregate redemption proceeds representing principal amounts only) which a holder of the relevant Reference 
Assets would have actually received in connection with such redemption of such Reference Assets. The 
applicable Reference Assets Liquidation Value may be equal to zero. The Calculation Agent shall attempt to 
obtain firm bid quotations as aforesaid from at least five Quotation Dealers. 
“Reference Assets Liquidation Value Trigger Event” means, in respect of Local Access Basket Credit Linked 
Notes, a notification by the Calculation Agent (acting in its sole and absolute discretion) to the Issuer that it has 
determined that the weighted average of the Reference Assets Liquidation Value of the Reference Assets of 
each Reference Entity then comprising the Reference Registry is equal to or less than the Reference Assets 
Trigger Level of the aggregate Settlement Currency Principal Amount of all Reference Assets.  
“Reference Assets Only Settlement” means a Series of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes in respect of which (i) “Reference Assets Only Settlement” is 
specified as the Obligation Category and the Deliverable Obligation Category in the applicable Issue Terms in 
respect of such Reference Entity and (ii) “Standard Reference Obligation” is specified as not applicable in 
respect of such Reference Entity. 
“Reference Assets Restructuring Event” means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes and Reference Assets of a Reference Entity, the cancellation, 
reduction, suspension or deferral (in whole or in part) of any interest, dividend or any other form of distribution

--- Page 578 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
578 
in respect of such Reference Assets on the due date for payment thereof (whether under the Reference Assets 
Conditions or otherwise) or, in respect of such Reference Assets, a reduction in its rate of interest, dividend or 
distribution from the rate of interest, divided or distribution applicable to such Reference Assets on the Issue 
Date, in each case for any reason whatsoever. 
“Reference Assets Trigger Level” means, in respect of Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, the 
percentage specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms.  
“Reference Custodian” means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access 
Basket Credit Linked Notes, the entity specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Reference Custodial/Settlement Arrangement” means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, any formal or informal (express or implied) 
arrangement, method, means or account type through which a Reference Investor may hold, directly or 
indirectly, an interest (including a beneficial interest) in the Reference Investor Assets and/or any amount 
received in respect thereof. 
“Reference Entity” means, subject to the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 23 (Successor Provisions), in 
respect of: 
(a) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes, the entity specified 
as such in the relevant Issue Terms; 
(b) 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Portfolio Tranched 
Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, each entity specified as such in the 
relevant Issue Terms; or 
(c) 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, each entity contained in 
the relevant Index and listed in the Index Annex. 
“Reference Entity Count” means, in respect of Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes and a Reference 
Entity, one, subject to the terms set out in Credit Linked Condition 23(h) (Multiple Successors). 
“Reference Entity Notional Amount” means, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms, and in 
each case subject to adjustment in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 23 (Successor Provisions): 
(a) 
in respect of Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes and Local 
Access Basket Credit Linked Notes and each relevant Reference Entity, the product of: 
(i) 
the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount; and 
(ii) 
the Reference Entity Weighting of the relevant Affected Reference Entity; 
(b) 
in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and each relevant Reference Entity, the product of: 
(i) 
the Implicit Portfolio Size;  
(ii) 
the Reference Entity Weighting of the relevant Reference Entity; and 
(iii) 
the fraction obtained by dividing (x) one by (y) the sum of the aggregate of the Reference Entity 
Weightings of all Reference Entities and the aggregate of the Settled Entity Weightings for all 
Settled Entities. 
(c) 
in respect of Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes and each relevant Reference Entity, the product of: 
(i) 
the Implicit Portfolio Size;

--- Page 579 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
579 
(ii) 
the Reference Entity Weighting of the relevant Reference Entity; and 
(iii) 
the fraction obtained by dividing (A) one by (B) the aggregate of the Reference Entity Weightings 
of all Reference Entities, 
in each case, subject to amendment as provided herein. 
“Reference Entity Weighting” means, in respect of Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Local 
Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, and a relevant Reference Entity, the percentage specified for 
such relevant Reference Entity in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Reference Investor” means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access 
Basket Credit Linked Notes, any person that holds or owns the Reference Investor Assets, which may include 
the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates (including, without limitation, any trust, special purpose vehicle or account 
through which the Issuer or any of its Affiliates may hold Reference Investor Assets in the Reference 
Jurisdiction). 
“Reference Investor Assets” means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local 
Access Basket Credit Linked Notes and a Reference Entity: 
(a) 
if “Reference Assets Only Settlement” applies, the Reference Assets of such Reference Entity; and 
(b) 
if “Reference Assets Only Settlement” does not apply, Obligations and/or Deliverable Obligations of 
such Reference Entity. 
“Reference Jurisdiction” means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access 
Basket Credit Linked Notes, the jurisdiction specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Reference Obligation” means: 
(a) 
if “Standard Reference Obligation” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, the Standard 
Reference Obligation; 
(b) 
if “Standard Reference Obligation” is specified as not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in which 
case the Reference Obligation will be the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, if any, provided that, in 
respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, irrespective of any Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, if (i) a Senior Non-Preferred Level Standard Reference Obligation 
of the relevant Reference Entity is specified on the SRO List, such Standard Reference Obligation shall 
be deemed to constitute the Reference Obligation, or (ii) no such Senior Non-Preferred Level Standard 
Reference Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity is specified on the SRO List but such Standard 
Reference Obligation has previously been specified on the SRO List, there shall be deemed to be no 
Reference Obligation applicable to the Series and such previously specified Senior Non-Preferred Level 
Standard Reference Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity shall be deemed to constitute the Prior 
Reference Obligation; 
(c) 
if (i) “Standard Reference Obligation” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, (ii) there is 
no Standard Reference Obligation and (iii) a Non-Standard Reference Obligation is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, in which case the Reference Obligation will be (A) the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation to but excluding the first date of publication of the Standard Reference Obligation and (B) 
the Standard Reference Obligation from such date onwards, provided that the Standard Reference 
Obligation that is published would have been eligible to be selected as a Substitute Reference Obligation; 
or

--- Page 580 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
580 
(d) 
in respect of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes or Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the 
Reference Obligation as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, 
provided that, in respect of each LPN Reference Entity, the Reference Obligation means, as of the Trade Date, 
each of the obligations listed as a Reference Obligation of such LPN Reference Entity in the Issue Terms or set 
forth on the relevant LPN Reference Obligations List, as published by Markit Group Limited, or any successor 
thereto, which list is currently available at http://www.markit.com/product/Reference-Data-CDS, any 
Additional LPN, determined in accordance with the definition of “Additional LPN” as provided in these Credit 
Linked Conditions, and each Additional Obligation. Each Reference Obligation determined in accordance with 
the foregoing will be a Reference Obligation notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Credit Linked 
Conditions, and in particular, notwithstanding that the obligation is not an obligation of such LPN Reference 
Entity. Standard Reference Obligation shall be “Not Applicable”. It is intended that there may be more than one 
Reference Obligation, as a result of which all applicable references in these Credit Linked Conditions to “the 
Reference Obligation” shall be construed as a reference to “a Reference Obligation”, and all other provisions 
of the Credit Linked Conditions shall be construed accordingly. The provisions in respect of “Substitute 
Reference Obligation” and “Substitution Event” in these Credit Linked Conditions shall not be applicable to 
LPN Reference Obligations.  
“Reference Obligation Only Series” means a Series of Credit Linked Notes (other than Local Access Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes) in respect of which (a) “Reference 
Obligation Only” is specified as the Obligation Category and the Deliverable Obligation Category in the 
relevant Issue Terms in respect of such Reference Entity and (b) “Standard Reference Obligation” is specified 
as not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms in respect of such Reference Entity. 
“Reference Registry” means, in respect of Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes and the relevant Issue 
Date, the register of Reference Assets which is set out in the applicable Issue Terms, as modified by the 
Calculation Agent, where applicable, following an Instalment Date, by removal of the relevant Reference Asset 
corresponding to such Instalment Date or to reflect any substitution (in accordance with the terms of the Credit 
Linked Notes) of Reference Assets from time to time.  
“Regulatory Change Cost” means, in respect of a Series of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes and a Regulatory Change Event, an amount, determined by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the cost which a Reference Investor would have incurred in respect of such 
Regulatory Change Event had it purchased, received, held, transferred or sold the Reference Investor Assets 
(and/or any amount received in respect thereof) at any time during the term of such Credit Linked Notes. 
“Regulatory Change Event” means: 
(a) 
the adoption of, change in or change in the interpretation or administration of, any law, rule, directive, 
decree or regulation in the Reference Jurisdiction after the Trade Date by any Governmental Authority 
or any settlement system, depositary or other entity charged by any Governmental Authority to regulate 
the holding, transferring and/or taxing of (including amounts received in respect of) Reference Investor 
Assets; and/or 
(b) 
the compliance by a Reference Investor (and/or its Custodian, if any, in respect of the Reference Investor 
Assets) with any request or directive of any Governmental Authority (provided that such term shall also 
include any taxing authority) or any settlement system, depositary or other entity charged by any 
Governmental Authority to regulate the holding, transferring and/or taxing of (including amounts 
received in respect of) Reference Investor Assets, 
which in any such case:

--- Page 581 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
581 
(i) 
would, in respect of any amount of Reference Investor Assets (and/or any amount received in 
respect thereof) which a Reference Investor could have held during the term of the Local Access 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, 
impose, modify or apply any tax, charge, duty, reserve, special deposit, insurance assessment or 
any other requirement on such Reference Investor (and this results in additional costs to a 
Reference Investor); and/or 
(ii) 
increases in any other way the actual or potential cost to a Reference Investor of hedging the 
obligations of the Issuer with respect to the Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, as applicable, at any time during the term of such 
Credit Linked Notes. 
“Relevant City Business Day” has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules. 
“Relevant Credit Event” means, subject to the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 23 (Successor 
Provisions): 
(a) 
in the case of Single Name Credit Linked Notes, any Credit Event which occurs with respect to the 
relevant Reference Entity; 
(b) 
in the case of Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, any Credit Event which occurs with respect 
to the nth Reference Entity;  
(c) 
in the case of Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, any Credit Event which occurs with respect to any 
Reference Entity in the basket; 
(d) 
in the case of Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, any Credit Event which occurs with respect to any 
Reference Entity in the Index; 
(e) 
in the case of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, any Credit Event which occurs with respect to any 
Reference Entity in the Index once the aggregate of all loss amounts incurred and calculated with respect 
to all Reference Entities in the Index has reached the Loss Threshold Amount); and 
(f) 
in the case of Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes, any Credit Event which occurs with respect to 
any Reference Entity in the basket once the aggregate of all loss amounts incurred and calculated with 
respect to all Reference Entities in the basket has reached the Loss Threshold Amount). 
“Relevant Disrupted Amount” means, in respect of an Underlying RMB Illiquidity, any amount in RMB that 
is the subject of a determination of a Reference Assets FX Forward Termination Value. 
“Relevant Event Determination Date” means, in respect of Credit Linked Notes, the Event Determination 
Date occurring with respect to a Relevant Credit Event. 
“Relevant Guarantee” means a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if “All Guarantees” is specified as applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms, a Qualifying Guarantee. 
“Relevant Holder” means a holder of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, as the 
case may be, with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, immediately 
prior to the relevant Asset Package Credit Event, equal to the Outstanding Amount specified in respect of such 
Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond in the Notice of Physical Settlement, or NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable. 
“Relevant Obligations” means the Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity which fall within the 
Obligation Category “Bond or Loan” and which are outstanding immediately prior to the Succession Date (or, 
if there is a Steps Plan, immediately prior to the legally effective date of the first succession), provided that:

--- Page 582 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
582 
(a) 
any Bonds or Loans outstanding between the Reference Entity and any of its Affiliates, or held by the 
relevant Reference Entity, shall be excluded; 
(b) 
if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall, for the purposes of the determination required to be 
made under the definition of “Successor”, make the appropriate adjustments required to take account of 
any Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category “Bond or 
Loan” that are issued, incurred, redeemed, repurchased or cancelled from and including the legally 
effective date of the first succession to and including the Succession Date; 
(c) 
if “Financial Reference Entity Terms” applies and the relevant Reference Entity is a Senior Reference 
Entity, the Relevant Obligations shall only include the Senior Obligations of the relevant Reference 
Entity which fall within the Obligation Category “Bond or Loan”; and 
(d) 
if “Financial Reference Entity Terms” applies, and the relevant Reference Entity is a Subordinated 
Reference Entity, Relevant Obligations shall exclude Senior Obligations and any Further Subordinated 
Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category “Bond or Loan”, 
provided that if no such Relevant Obligations exist, “Relevant Obligations” shall have the same meaning 
as it would if the relevant Reference Entity were a Senior Reference Entity. 
“Relevant Risk Event” means, subject to the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 23 (Successor Provisions): 
(a) 
in the case of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes, a Risk Event which occurs with respect 
to the relevant Reference Entity; and 
(b) 
in the case of Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, any Credit Event which occurs with respect to 
any Reference Entity in the basket. 
“Relevant Risk Event Determination Date” means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, the Risk Event Determination Date occurring with respect 
to a Relevant Risk Event. 
“Repudiation/Moratorium” means the occurrence of both of the following events: (a) an authorised officer of 
the relevant Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority (i) disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in 
whole or in part, or challenges the validity of, one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than 
the Default Requirement or (ii) declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll-over or deferral, whether de 
facto or de jure, with respect to one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default 
Requirement; and (b) a Failure to Pay, determined without regard to the Payment Requirement, or a 
Restructuring, determined without regard to the Default Requirement, with respect to any such Obligation that 
occurs on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
“Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date” means, if a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on or 
prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, (a) if the Obligations to which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
relates include Bonds, the date that is the later of (i) the date that is 60 days after the date of such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium and (ii) the first payment date under any such Bond after the date of such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium (or, if later, the expiration date of any applicable Grace Period in respect of such 
payment date) and (b) if the Obligations to which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates do not include 
Bonds, the date that is 60 days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium; provided that, in either 
case, the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date shall occur no later than the Scheduled Maturity Date unless 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied. 
The “Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition” is satisfied (a) if the DC Secretary publicly announces, 
pursuant to a valid request that was delivered and effectively received on or prior to the date that is fourteen 
calendar days after the Scheduled Maturity Date, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee

--- Page 583 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
583 
has Resolved that an event that constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred with respect to an 
Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity and that such event occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity 
Date and such resolution constitutes an Applicable Resolution or (b) otherwise, by the delivery by the Issuer to 
the Fiscal Agent of a Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice and, unless “Notice of Publicly Available 
Information” is specified not applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, a Notice of Publicly Available Information 
that is effective on or prior to the date that is fourteen calendar days after the Scheduled Maturity Date. In all 
cases, the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition will be deemed not to have been satisfied, or not 
capable of being satisfied, if, or to the extent that, the DC Secretary publicly announces that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that either (i) an event does not constitute a Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium with respect to an Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity or (ii) an event that 
constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium for the purposes of the relevant Credit Linked Notes has 
occurred with respect to an Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity but that such event occurred after the 
Scheduled Maturity Date. 
“Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice” means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent to the 
Issuer (for onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and Noteholders) that describes a Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium that occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date. A Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination that 
a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred and indicate the date of the occurrence. The Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium that is the subject of the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice need not be 
continuing on the date the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice is effective. 
“Resolve” means, with respect to a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee, the making of a specific 
determination in accordance with the DC Rules, and “Resolved” and “Resolves” shall be construed accordingly. 
“Restricted Debt” means, in respect of a Venezuela Reference Entity: 
(a) 
debt issued or incurred on or after 25 August 2017 with a maturity of greater than 90 days of Petroleos 
de Venezuela, S.A.; 
(b) 
debt issued or incurred on or after 25 August 2017 with a maturity of greater than 30 days of a Venezuelan 
Covered Reference Entity, other than debt of Petroleos de Venezuela, S.A. covered pursuant to (a) above; 
(c) 
bonds issued by a Venezuelan Covered Reference Entity prior to 25 August 2017; and 
(d) 
any other debt that is covered by a Venezuelan Order, 
provided that no debt will be Restricted Debt if the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee determines 
that such debt is: 
(i) 
subject to any exception to a Venezuelan Order, by license, frequently asked question or other 
interpretive statement by OFAC; or 
(ii) 
specified in OFAC’s General License 3 to the Order (Authorizing Transactions Related to, 
Provision of Financing for, and Other Dealings in Certain Bonds). 
“Restructured Bond or Loan” means an Obligation that is a Bond or Loan and in respect of which the relevant 
Restructuring has occurred. 
“Restructuring” means that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount of 
not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following events occurs in a form that binds all 
holders of such Obligation, is agreed between the relevant Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority and 
a sufficient number of holders of such Obligation to bind all holders of the Obligation or is announced (or 
otherwise decreed) by the relevant Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority in a form that binds all holders

--- Page 584 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
584 
of such Obligation (including, in each case, in respect of Bonds only, by way of exchange) and such event is 
not expressly provided for under the terms of such Obligation in effect as of the later of the Credit Event 
Backstop Date applicable to the relevant Credit Linked Notes and the date as of which such Obligation is issued 
or incurred: 
(a) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest accruals 
(including by way of redenomination); 
(b) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including by way of 
redenomination); 
(c) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (i) the payment or accrual of interest or (ii) 
the payment of principal or premium; 
(d) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the Subordination of such 
Obligation to any other Obligation; or 
(e) 
any change in the currency of any payment of interest, principal or premium to any currency other than 
the lawful currency of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the UK and the United States of America and the 
euro and any successor currency to any of the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, 
shall mean the currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
Notwithstanding the above in this definition of “Restructuring”, none of the following shall constitute a 
Restructuring: 
(i) 
the payment in euros of interest, principal or premium in relation to an Obligation denominated 
in a currency of a Member State of the EU that adopts or has adopted the single currency in 
accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended by the Treaty on 
European Union; 
(ii) 
the redenomination from euros into another currency, if (A) the redenomination occurs as a result 
of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the EU which is of general 
application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and (B) a freely available market 
rate of conversion between euros and such other currency existed at the time of such 
redenomination and there is no reduction in the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium 
payable, as determined by reference to such freely available market rate of conversion; 
(iii) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in paragraphs 
(a) to (e) of this definition of “Restructuring” due to an administrative adjustment, accounting 
adjustment or tax adjustment or other technical adjustment occurring in the ordinary course of 
business; and 
(iv) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in paragraphs 
(a) to (e) of this definition of “Restructuring” in circumstances where such event does not directly 
or indirectly result from a deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the 
Reference Entity, provided that in respect of paragraph (e) of this definition of “Restructuring” 
only, no such deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity 
is required where the redenomination is from euros into another currency and occurs as a result 
of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the EU which is of general 
application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority or in respect of a Monoline Insurer 
Reference Entity, in the case of Qualifying Policy and an Insured Instrument, where (A) the 
Qualifying Policy continues to guarantee or insure, as applicable, that the same Instrument 
Payments will be made on the same dates on which the Qualifying Policy guaranteed or insured

--- Page 585 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
585 
that such Instrument Payments would be made prior to such event and (B) such event is not a 
change in the ranking in the priority of payment of the Qualifying Policy. 
For the purposes of this definition of “Restructuring”: 
(I) 
The term Obligation shall be deemed to include Underlying Obligations for which the relevant 
Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Guarantee. In the case of a Guarantee and an 
Underlying Obligation, references to the relevant Reference Entity in this definition shall be 
deemed to refer to the Underlying Obligor and the reference to the relevant Reference Entity in 
this definition of “Restructuring” shall continue to refer to the relevant Reference Entity. 
(II) 
If an exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one of the events described under 
sub-paragraphs (a) to (e) of this definition has occurred will be based on a comparison of the 
terms of the Bond immediately prior to such exchange and the terms of the resulting obligations 
immediately following such exchange. 
(III) 
In respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, for the purposes of the first and second 
paragraphs of this definition, the term Obligation shall be deemed to include Insured Instruments 
for which the relevant Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Qualifying Policy. In the case 
of a Qualifying Policy and an Insured Instrument, references to the relevant Reference Entity in 
the first paragraph above shall be deemed to refer to the Insured Obligor and the reference to the 
relevant Reference Entity in the first paragraph above shall continue to refer to the relevant 
Reference Entity. 
(IV) 
With respect to an Insured Instrument that is in the form of a pass-through certificate or similar 
funded beneficial interest or a Qualifying Policy with respect thereto and in respect of a Monoline 
Insurer Reference Entity, paragraphs (a) to (e) of this definition are hereby amended to read as 
follows: 
(i) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of the Instrument Payments described in sub-paragraph 
(a)(i) of the definition thereof that are guaranteed or insured by the Qualifying Policy 
(including by way of redenomination); 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of the Instrument Payments described in sub-paragraph (a)(i) of 
the definition thereof that are guaranteed or insured by the Qualifying Policy (including 
by way of redenomination); 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (1) the payment or accrual of 
the Instrument Payments described in sub-paragraph (a)(i) of the definition thereof; or (2) 
the payment of the Instrument Payments described in sub-paragraph (a)(ii) of the 
definition thereof, in each case that are guaranteed or insured by the Qualifying Guarantee; 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of: (1) any Obligation under a Qualifying 
Policy in respect of Instrument Payments, causing the Subordination or such Obligation 
to any other Obligation; or (2) any Instrument Payments, causing the Subordination of 
such Insured Instrument to any other instrument in the form of a pass-through certificate 
or similar funded beneficial interest issued by the Insured Obligor, it being understood 
that, for this purpose, Subordination will be deemed to include any such change that results 
in lower ranking under a priority of payments provision applicable to the relevant 
Instrument Payments; or 
(v) 
any change in the currency of any payment of Instrument Payments that are guaranteed or 
insured by the Qualifying Policy to any currency other than the lawful currency of Canada,

--- Page 586 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
586 
Japan, Switzerland, the UK and the United States of America and the euro and any 
successor currency to any of the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, 
shall mean the currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole). 
“Restructuring Date” means the date on which a Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with the terms 
of the documentation governing such Restructuring. 
“Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date” means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation, the Limitation 
Date occurring on or immediately following the Scheduled Maturity Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if 
the final maturity date of the Restructured Bond or Loan with the latest final maturity date of any Restructured 
Bond or Loan occurs prior to the 2.5-year Limitation Date (such Restructured Bond or Loan, a “Latest 
Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan”) and the Scheduled Maturity Date occurs prior to the final maturity 
date of such Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan, then the Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will 
be the final maturity date of such Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan. 
In respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity and with respect to an Insured Instrument in the form of a 
pass-through certificate or similar funded beneficial interest, the term “final maturity date”, as such term is used 
in this definition shall mean the specified date by which the Qualifying Policy guarantees or insures, as 
applicable, that the ultimate distribution of the Certificate Balance will occur. 
“Revised Currency Rate” means, with respect to a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a NOPS 
Amendment Notice, the rate of conversion between the currency in which the Replaced Deliverable Obligation 
Outstanding Amount is denominated and the currency in which the Outstanding Amount of such Replacement 
Deliverable Obligation is denominated that is determined either (a) by reference to the Currency Rate Source 
as at the Next Currency Fixing Time or (b) if such rate is not available at such time, as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in a commercially reasonable manner. 
“Risk Event” means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket 
Credit Linked Notes and a Reference Entity, as determined by the Calculation Agent: 
(a) 
if the Issue Terms specify that the Settlement Currency Principal Amount is the Applicable Principal 
Currency Amount of the Reference Assets of such Reference Entity, the occurrence or existence of a 
Credit Event; or 
(b) 
if the Issue Terms specify that the LCY Reference Amount is the Applicable Principal Currency Amount 
of the Reference Assets of such Reference Entity, the occurrence or existence of a Credit Event or an 
Additional Risk Event.   
“Risk Event Determination Date” means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes and with respect to a Risk Event, the date on which an effective Risk 
Event Notice has been delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer for onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent 
and Noteholders. 
“Risk Event Determination Period” means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, the period from and including the Additional Risk Event Start Date 
to and including the Scheduled Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date, as applicable. 
“Risk Event Notice” means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access 
Basket Credit Linked Notes, an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer for onward delivery 
to the Fiscal Agent and Noteholders, which: 
(a) 
identifies the “Series” of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit 
Linked Notes to which the Risk Event Notice relates;

--- Page 587 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
587 
(b) 
states the Calculation Agent’s intention for the Issuer to redeem the Applicable Proportion of the Local 
Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes in accordance 
with the relevant Risk Event Redemption Method; and 
(c) 
specifies a Risk Event that occurred or exists during the Risk Event Determination Period and provides 
details of such Risk Event. 
Any Risk Event Notice that describes a Risk Event that occurred after the Scheduled Maturity Date must relate 
to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace Period Extension Date, or the relevant Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date.  
A Risk Event Notice that describes a Risk Event must be in respect of the full Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the relevant Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked 
Notes, as applicable, in the relevant Series, subject to Credit Linked Condition 23 (Successor Provisions). 
A Risk Event Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination 
that a Risk Event has occurred. The Risk Event that is the subject of the Risk Event Notice need not be 
continuing on the date the Risk Event Notice is effective. 
“Risk Event Redemption Method” means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, “LA Cash Redemption”, “LA Physical Redemption” or “LA Fixed 
Recovery Redemption”, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Risk Event Redemption Option” means, in respect of Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes and a Risk 
Event, “Redemption in Part” or “Redemption in Full”, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms with respect 
to such Risk Event, provided that in respect of a Risk Event which is a Credit Event, “Redemption in Part” will 
be deemed to apply.  
“Russian Reference Entity” means a Reference Entity to which the “Additional Provisions for the Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004)” apply. 
“Scheduled Maturity Date Extension” means an extension determined in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 14 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension). 
“Senior Non-Preferred Notes” means Credit Linked Notes in respect of which “Additional Provisions for 
Senior Non-Preferred Reference Obligations (published on December 8, 2017)” apply in relation to one or more 
Reference Entities and in respect of which, each such relevant Reference Entity constitutes a Subordinated 
Reference Entity.  
“Senior Non-Preferred Obligation” means, in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, any obligation of the 
relevant Reference Entity which is Subordinated only to any unsubordinated Borrowed Money Obligations of 
the relevant Reference Entity but not further or otherwise, or which would be so Subordinated if any 
unsubordinated Borrowed Money Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity existed, and which ranks above 
Traditional Subordinated Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity or which would so rank if any Traditional 
Subordinated Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity existed. A Senior Non-Preferred Obligation shall 
constitute a Subordinated Obligation. 
“Senior Obligation” means any Obligation which is not Subordinated to any unsubordinated Borrowed Money 
obligation of the relevant Reference Entity. 
“Senior Reference Entity” means a relevant Reference Entity for which (a) the Reference Obligation(s) or 
Prior Reference Obligation(s), as applicable, is/are a Senior Obligation.

--- Page 588 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
588 
“Seniority Level” means, with respect to an obligation of the relevant Reference Entity, (a) “Senior Level” or 
“Subordinated Level” as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, or (b) if no such seniority level is specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms, “Senior Level” if the Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation is a Senior 
Obligation or “Subordinated Level” if the Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation is a Subordinated 
Obligation, failing which (c) “Senior Level” or (d) in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the relevant 
Reference Entity, the “Senior Non-Preferred Level“. 
“Settled Entity” means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, each entity (if any) identified as 
such for the Index in the Settled Entity Matrix.  
“Settled Entity Incurred Loss Amount” means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, an amount 
(subject to a minimum of zero) equal to the Aggregate Settled Entity Loss Amount minus the Loss Threshold 
Amount. 
“Settled Entity Incurred Recovery Amount” means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, an 
amount (subject to a minimum of zero) equal to the Aggregate Settled Entity Recovery Amount minus the 
Recovery Threshold Amount. 
“Settled Entity Loss Amount” means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and with respect to a 
Settled Entity, an amount equal to the product of (subject to a minimum of zero):  
(a) 
the Settled Entity Notional Amount for such Settled Entity; and 
(b) 
(i) 100 per cent. minus (ii) the Weighted Average Final Price set out opposite such Settled Entity in the 
Settled Entity Matrix or where “Fixed Recovery Redemption” applies, the Fixed Recovery Percentage.  
“Settled Entity Matrix” means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the Settled Entity Matrix 
as most recently amended and supplemented as of the calendar day immediately preceding the Trade Date, as 
specified in the applicable Issue Terms and as published by Markit or any successor thereto (which can be 
accessed at http://www.markit.com or any successor website thereto). 
“Settled Entity Notional Amount” means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and with respect 
to each Settled Entity: 
(a) 
the product of (i) the Implicit Portfolio Size and (ii) the Settled Entity Weighting of the relevant Settled 
Entity; and 
(b) 
the fraction obtained by dividing (i) one by (ii) the sum of the aggregate of the Reference Entity 
Weightings of all Reference Entities and the aggregate of the Settled Entity Weightings for all Settled 
Entities. 
“Settled Entity Recovery Amount” means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and with respect 
to a Settled Entity, an amount equal to the product of: 
(a) 
the Settled Entity Notional Amount for such Settled Entity; and 
(b) 
the lesser of (i) 100 per cent. and (ii) the Weighted Average Final Price set out opposite such Settled 
Entity in the Settled Entity Matrix or where “Fixed Recovery Redemption” applies, the Fixed Recovery 
Percentage.  
“Settled Entity Weighting” means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and with respect to a 
Settled Entity, the weighting specified for such Settled Entity in the Settled Entity Matrix. 
“Settlement Currency Principal Amount” means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes and a Reference Entity, an amount in the Settlement

--- Page 589 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
589 
Currency equal to the nominal amount of the Reference Investor Assets of such Reference Entity, as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms. 
“Settlement/Custodial Event” means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Local 
Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, (a) the occurrence of any event, the existence of any condition or the taking 
of any action that results, or may result with the passage of time, in the Bankruptcy (as if references to 
“Reference Entity” were changed to “Custodian” for these purposes) of any Custodian or (b) in respect of the 
Reference Investor Assets owned by such Reference Investor or any amount received in respect thereof, a 
Custodian (i) fails to perform in a timely manner any or all of its obligations owed to a Reference Investor under 
any Reference Custodial/Settlement Arrangement, or (ii) fails to take any action when instructed to do so by a 
Reference Investor pursuant to the terms of any Reference Custodial/Settlement Arrangement, or (iii) takes any 
action which is contrary to the terms of any Reference Custodial/Settlement Arrangement; in each case that 
affects or may affect, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the hedging arrangements of the Issuer 
and/or any of its Affiliates in respect of the Issuer’s obligations with respect to the Credit Linked Notes. 
“Single Name Credit Linked Notes” means Credit Linked Notes which are specified as such in the Issue 
Terms, in respect of which the Issuer purchases credit protection from Noteholders in respect of one Reference 
Entity. 
“Single Name Partial Nominal Amount” has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 
23(h)(i) (Single Name Credit Linked Notes). 
“Single Name Successor Entity” has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 23 (Successor 
Provisions). 
“Solvency Capital Provisions” means any terms in an obligation which permit the relevant Reference Entity’s 
payment obligations thereunder to be deferred, suspended, cancelled, converted, reduced or otherwise varied 
and which are necessary in order for the obligation to constitute capital resources of a particular tier. 
“Sovereign” means any state, political subdivision or government, or any agency, instrumentality, ministry, 
department or other authority acting in a governmental capacity (including, without limiting the foregoing, the 
central bank) thereof. 
“Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation” means an Obligation of a relevant Reference Entity which 
is a Sovereign (either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee) (a) in respect of which a Restructuring 
that is the subject of the relevant Credit Event Notice or Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement has 
occurred and (b) which fell within the definition of a “Deliverable Obligation” immediately preceding the date 
on which such Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with the terms of the documentation governing 
such Restructuring. 
“Sovereign Succession Event” means, with respect to a relevant Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, an 
annexation, unification, secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or other similar event. 
“Specified Number” means the number of Public Sources specified in the relevant Issue Terms (or, if no such 
number is specified, two). 
“SRO List” means the list of Standard Reference Obligations as published by ISDA on its website at 
www.isda.org from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party designated by ISDA on 
its website from time to time. The current SRO list can be obtained at https://ihsmarkit.com/products/red-
cds.html. 
“Standard Event Determination Date” means, with respect to a Relevant Credit Event and a Series where 
Auction Redemption is specified as the applicable Credit Event Redemption Method and “Single Notifying 
Party Event Determination Date” is not specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms:

--- Page 590 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
590 
(a) 
subject to paragraph (b) of this definition, the Notice Delivery Date, if the Notice Delivery Date occurs 
during either the Notice Delivery Period or the Post Dismissal Additional Period, provided that neither 
(i) a DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred nor (ii) a DC No Credit Event Announcement has 
occurred, in each case, with respect to the Credit Event specified in the Credit Event Notice; or 
(b) 
notwithstanding paragraph (a) of this definition, the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, if a DC 
Credit Event Announcement has occurred, the Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred on or 
prior to the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date) and either: 
(i) 
(I) the Credit Event is not an M(M)R Restructuring; and (II) the Trade Date occurs on or prior to 
a DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date; or 
(ii) 
(I) the Credit Event is an M(M)R Restructuring; and (II) a Credit Event Notice is delivered by a 
notifying party to the other party and is effective on or prior to the Standard Exercise Cut-off 
Date, 
provided that: 
(1) 
no Physical Redemption Date or full redemption of the Credit Linked Notes has occurred 
on or prior to the date on which the Applicable DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement 
occurs; 
(2) 
if any Valuation Date or Delivery Date, as applicable, in respect of the relevant Reference 
Entity has occurred on or prior to the date on which the Applicable DC Credit Event 
Meeting Announcement occurs, an Event Determination Date shall be deemed to have 
occurred only with respect to the portion of the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
the Credit Linked Notes or, if the Credit Linked Notes are Linear Basket Credit Linked 
Notes, Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, the 
Reference Entity Notional Amount of the relevant Reference Entity to which the Event 
Determination Date relates, if any, with respect to which no Valuation Date or Delivery 
Date, as applicable, has occurred; and 
(3) 
no Credit Event Notice specifying an M(M)R Restructuring as the only Credit Event has 
previously been delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer for onward delivery to 
the Fiscal Agent and Noteholders, (aa) unless the M(M)R Restructuring specified in such 
Credit Event Notice is also the subject of the Applicable DC Credit Event Question 
resulting in the occurrence of the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, (bb) unless, and 
to the extent that, if the Credit Linked Notes are Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Nth-
to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes, the Exercise Amount specified in any such Credit 
Event Notice was less than the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the relevant Credit 
Linked Notes or, if the Credit Linked Notes are Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes, Index 
Untranched Credit Linked Notes, Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio 
Tranched Credit Linked Notes, the Exercise Amount specified in any such Credit Event 
Notice was less than the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the Affected Reference 
Entity, or (cc) unless a representative credit derivative transaction economically equivalent 
to the Credit Linked Notes in unfunded format referencing the same Affected Reference 
Entity and (a) having identical deliverable obligation terms to one set of the Deliverable 
Obligation Terms of the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms and to the 
Deliverable Obligation Provisions of the Credit Linked Notes; (b) in the case of M(M)R 
Restructuring, having a scheduled termination date which falls within the designated 
scheduled termination dates for the Applicable Auction and having similar tenor to the

--- Page 591 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
591 
Credit Linked Notes (in each case, assuming “Auction Redemption” and a deemed 
occurrence of an Event Determination Date) would be a covered transaction and the 
deliverable obligations set out on the Final List are identical to the Deliverable Obligations 
for such Series. 
If no election is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, “Single Notifying Party Event 
Determination Date” shall not apply. 
“Standard Exercise Cut-off Date” means either: 
(a) 
with respect to an M(M)R Restructuring and a Series to which “Standard Event Determination Date” 
applies: 
(i) 
if the DC Secretary publishes a Final List applicable to the Applicable Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms and/or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms may be published, the date that is 
five Relevant City Business Days following the date on which such Final List is published 
(assuming, for the purposes of the timing set out herein, that any Credit Event Notice is delivered 
by the Calculation Agent (as a buyer of credit protection) to the Issuer (as a seller of credit 
protection); or 
(ii) 
otherwise, the date that is 14 calendar days following the relevant No Auction Announcement 
Date; or 
(b) 
with respect to a Credit Event and a Series to which “Standard Event Determination Date” does not 
apply, the Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date, 
or, in each case, such other date as the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves. 
“Standard Reference Obligation” means the Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity with the relevant 
Seniority Level which is specified from time to time on the SRO List. Unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms, the Standard Reference Obligation(s) in respect of a Series of Credit Linked Notes will be deemed 
to be “Applicable”.  
“Standard Specified Currency” means each of the lawful currencies of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, France, 
Germany, the UK and the United States of America and the euro and any successor currency to any of the 
aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, shall mean the currency which succeeds to and 
replaces the euro in whole). 
“Steps Plan” means a plan evidenced by Eligible Information contemplating that there will be a series of 
successions to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity, by one or more entities. 
“Subordinated Obligation” means any Obligation which is Subordinated to any unsubordinated Borrowed 
Money obligation of the relevant Reference Entity or which would be so Subordinated if any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money obligation of the relevant Reference Entity existed. 
“Subordinated Reference Entity” means a relevant Reference Entity for which the Reference Obligation(s) 
or Prior Reference Obligation(s), as applicable, is/are a Subordinated Obligation. 
“Substitute Reference Obligation” means, with respect to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation to which a 
Substitution Event has occurred, the Obligation that may replace the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 25 (Reference Obligation), 
or, in the case of the Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes and Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes, as 
determined by the Index Sponsor (in the absence of any determination by the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee).

--- Page 592 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
592 
Notwithstanding the definition of “Substitute Reference Obligation” (a) no Substitute Reference Obligation 
shall be determined in respect of a Reference Obligation Only Series and (b) if the events set out in sub-
paragraph (b) or (c) of the definition of “Substitution Event” occur with respect to the Reference Obligation in 
a Reference Obligation Only Series, such Reference Obligation shall continue to be the Reference Obligation. 
“Substitution Date” means, with respect to a Substitute Reference Obligation, the date on which the 
Calculation Agent notifies the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer of the Substitute Reference Obligation that it has 
identified in accordance with the definition of “Substitute Reference Obligation”. 
“Substitution Event” means, with respect to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation: 
(a) 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation is redeemed in whole; 
(b) 
the aggregate amounts due under the Non-Standard Reference Obligation have been reduced by 
redemption or otherwise below USD 10,000,000 or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent); or 
(c) 
for any other reason, other than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation is no longer an Obligation of a relevant Reference Entity, (either directly or as 
provider of a Guarantee (or, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy)). 
For the purposes of the identification of a Non-Standard Reference Obligation, any change in the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation’s CUSIP or ISIN number or other similar identifier will not, in and of itself, constitute a 
Substitution Event. 
If an event described in paragraph (a) or (b) of this definition has occurred on or prior to the Trade Date, then a 
Substitution Event shall be deemed to have occurred pursuant to sub-paragraph (a) or (b) of this definition, as 
the case may be, on the Issue Date. 
“Substitution Event Date” means, with respect to the Reference Obligation, the date of the occurrence of the 
relevant Substitution Event. 
“Substitution Event Redemption Amount” means, in respect of each Credit Linked Note, such Credit Linked 
Note’s pro rata share of an amount equal to (x) the fair market value of the Credit Linked Notes determined by 
the Issuer as at the Substitution Event Date, and (y) adjusted to take into account any Unwind Costs (if any).  
“Successor” means, subject to Credit Linked Condition 23(a) (Eligible Successors), the entity or entities, if 
any, determined by the Calculation Agent or the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee, as applicable, 
as follows: 
(a) 
subject to sub-paragraph (g) of this definition, if one entity succeeds, either directly or as a provider of 
a Relevant Guarantee (or, in respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy) to 
seventy five per cent. or more of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity, that entity 
will be the sole Successor; 
(b) 
if only one entity succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee (or, in respect of a 
Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy) to more than twenty five per cent. (but less than 
seventy five per cent.) of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity and not more than 
twenty five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity remain with the 
relevant Reference Entity, the entity that succeeds to more than twenty five per cent. of the Relevant 
Obligations will be the sole Successor; 
(c) 
if more than one entity each succeeds, either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee (or, in 
respect of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy) to more than twenty five per cent.

--- Page 593 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
593 
of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity, and not more than twenty five per cent. of 
the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity remain with the relevant Reference Entity, the 
entities that succeed to more than twenty five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations will each be a 
Successor; 
(d) 
if one or more entities each succeeds, either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee (or, in respect 
of a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy) to more than twenty five per cent. of the 
Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity, and more than twenty five per cent. of the 
Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity remain with the relevant Reference Entity, each 
such entity and the Reference Entity will each be a Successor; 
(e) 
if one or more entities succeeds, either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee (or, in respect of 
a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy) to a portion of the Relevant Obligations of 
the relevant Reference Entity, but no entity succeeds to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant 
Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity and the relevant Reference Entity continues to exist, there 
will be no Successor;  
(f) 
if one or more entities succeeds either directly or as provider of a Relevant Guarantee (or, in respect of 
a Monoline Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy) to a portion of the Relevant Obligations of 
the relevant Reference Entity, but no entity succeeds to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant 
Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity and the relevant Reference Entity ceases to exist, the entity 
which succeeds to the greatest percentage of Relevant Obligations will be the Successor (provided that 
if two or more entities succeed to an equal percentage of Relevant Obligations, each such entity will be 
a Successor); and 
(g) 
in respect of a relevant Reference Entity which is not a Sovereign, if one entity assumes all of the 
Obligations (including at least one Relevant Obligation) of the relevant Reference Entity, and at the time 
of the determination either (i) the relevant Reference Entity has ceased to exist, or (ii) the relevant 
Reference Entity is in the process of being dissolved (howsoever described) and the relevant Reference 
Entity has not issued or incurred any Borrowed Money obligation at any time since the legally effective 
date of the assumption, such entity (the “Universal Successor”) will be the sole Successor. 
For the purposes of this definition, “succeed” means, with respect to the relevant Reference Entity and its 
Relevant Obligations, that an entity other than the relevant Reference Entity (A) assumes or becomes liable for 
such Relevant Obligations whether by operation of law or pursuant to any agreement (including, with respect 
to a relevant Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, any protocol, treaty, convention, accord, concord, entente, 
pact or other agreement), or (B) issues Bonds or incurs loans (the “Exchange Bonds or Loans”) that are 
exchanged for Relevant Obligations (or, as applicable, obligations), and in either case the relevant Reference 
Entity is not thereafter a direct obligor or a provider of a Relevant Guarantee (or, in respect of a Monoline 
Insurer Reference Entity, a Qualifying Policy) with respect to the Relevant Obligations or such Exchange Bonds 
or Loans, as applicable. For the purposes of this definition, “succeeded” and “succession” shall be construed 
accordingly. 
“Successor Backstop Date” means: 
(a) 
for the purposes of any Successor determination determined by DC Resolution, the date that is 90 
calendar days prior to the Successor Resolution Request Date; and 
(b) 
in all other cases, the date that is 90 calendar days prior to the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which the Successor Notice is effective; and

--- Page 594 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
594 
(ii) 
in circumstances where (A) a Successor Resolution Request Date has occurred, (B) the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a Successor 
determination and (C) the Successor Notice is delivered by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent not 
more than 14 calendar days after the day on which the DC Secretary publicly announces that the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to make a Successor 
determination, the Successor Resolution Request Date. 
The Successor Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day 
Convention. 
“Succession Date” means the legally effective date of an event in which one or more entities succeed to some 
or all of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity; provided that if at such time, there is a Steps 
Plan, the Succession Date will be the legally effective date of the final succession in respect of such Steps Plan, 
or if earlier (a) the date on which a determination pursuant to paragraph (a) of the definition of “Successor” 
would not be affected by any further related successions in respect of such Steps Plan, or (b) the occurrence of 
an Event Determination Date or Risk Event Determination Date, as applicable, in respect of the relevant 
Reference Entity or any entity which would constitute a Successor. 
“Successor Notice” means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer for onward delivery 
to the Fiscal Agent and Noteholders that describes a succession (or, in relation to a relevant Reference Entity 
that is a Sovereign, a Sovereign Succession Event) in respect of which a Succession Date has occurred and 
pursuant to which one or more Successors to the Reference Entity can be determined. A Successor Notice must 
contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination to be made pursuant to 
paragraph (a) of the definition of “Successor”. 
“Successor Resolution Request Date” means, with respect to a notice to the DC Secretary requesting that a 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve one or more Successors to the relevant 
Reference Entity, the date, as publicly announced by the DC Secretary, that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee Resolves to be the date on which such notice is effective. 
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which TARGET2 (the Trans-European Automarket Real-time 
Gross Settlement Express Transfer System), or any successor or replacement for that system, is open.  
“Tier 2 Subordinated Obligation” means, in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, any obligation of the 
relevant Reference Entity which meets the conditions set out in the CRR or which are (or were at any time) 
otherwise eligible as a Tier 2 item in accordance with the CRR. 
“Traditional Subordinated Obligation” means, in respect of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, (i) Tier 2 
Subordinated Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity; (ii) any obligations of the relevant Reference Entity 
which rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with any Tier 2 Subordinated Obligations of the relevant 
Reference Entity; and (iii) any obligations of the Reference Entity which are Subordinated to the obligations 
thereto described in (i) and (ii) above shall each (without limitation) constitute Traditional Subordinated 
Obligations in respect of a Senior Non-Preferred Obligation. A Traditional Subordinated Obligation shall 
constitute a Further Subordinated Obligation. 
“Tranche Size” means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes or Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes, the Exhaustion Point minus the Attachment Point. For the avoidance of doubt, the Tranche Size will be 
expressed as a percentage. 
“Transaction Auction Settlement Terms” means the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms; 
provided that the Calculation Agent determines in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, 
that (a) the relevant Deliverable Obligation Terms are substantially the same as the Deliverable Obligation 
Provisions applicable to the relevant Credit Linked Notes, and (b) if such Credit Event is a Restructuring for

--- Page 595 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
595 
which either “Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation” or “Modified Restructuring 
Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation” is applicable or deemed to be applicable, a 
credit derivatives transaction with the same tenor as the Credit Linked Notes would be an “Auction Covered 
Transaction” for the purposes of the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
“Transaction Type” means, where “Physical Settlement Matrix Standard Terms” is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms, each Reference Entity designated as one of the following in the relevant Issue Terms: 
(a) 
Standard North American Corporate; 
(b) 
Standard European Corporate; 
(c) 
Standard European Financial Corporate; 
(d) 
Standard European CoCo Financial Corporate; 
(e) 
Standard European Senior Non-Preferred Financial Corporate; 
(f) 
Standard European Limited Recourse Corporate; 
(g) 
Standard Subordinated European Insurance Corporate; 
(h) 
Standard Emerging European Corporate LPN; 
(i) 
Standard Emerging European Corporate; 
(j) 
Standard Japan Corporate; 
(k) 
Standard Japan Financial Corporate; 
(l) 
Standard Japan Sovereign; 
(m) 
Standard Singapore Corporate; 
(n) 
Standard Singapore Financial Corporate; 
(o) 
Standard Singapore Sovereign;  
(p) 
Standard Asia Corporate; 
(q) 
Standard Asia Financial Corporate; 
(r) 
Standard Asia Sovereign; 
(s) 
Standard Emerging European & Middle Eastern Sovereign; 
(t) 
Standard Western European Sovereign; 
(u) 
Standard Latin America Corporate B 
(v) 
Standard Latin America Corporate BL; 
(w) 
Standard Latin America Sovereign; 
(x) 
Standard Australia Corporate; 
(y) 
Standard Australia Financial Corporate; 
(z) 
Standard Australia Sovereign; 
(aa) 
Standard New Zealand Corporate;

--- Page 596 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
596 
(bb) 
Standard New Zealand Financial Corporate; 
(cc) 
Standard New Zealand Sovereign, 
and any other Transaction Type which may be added to the Physical Settlement Matrix from time to time. 
“Trigger Percentage” means, in respect of a CoCo Reference Entity, the trigger percentage specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms (or if no such trigger percentage is specified, 5.25 per cent.). 
“UK” means the United Kingdom. 
“Ukraine Reference Entity” means a Reference Entity to which the “Additional Provisions for the Republic 
of Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016)” apply. 
“Undeliverable Assets” has the meaning given to it in Credit Linked Condition 18(k)(iii) (Payment of the 
Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount (if any)). 
“Undeliverable Deliverable Obligations” has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 
18(i)(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms). 
“Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount” means, in respect of each Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Note or Local Access Basket Credit Linked Note, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in the 
Settlement Currency equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the product of: 
(A) the Applicable Proportion; and 
(B) (I) the LA Recovery Amount or (II) where “Fixed Recovery Redemption” is applicable, the 
Fixed Recovery Percentage; minus 
(ii) 
each Credit Linked Note’s pro rata share of the Unwind Costs, if any (but excluding any Unwind 
Costs already taken into account in calculating the principal amount of the relevant LA Settlement 
Assets to deliver). 
“Undelivered Deliverable Obligation” has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 18(i)(i) 
(Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms). 
“Underlying Finance Instrument” means, in respect of an LPN Reference Entity, a deposit, loan or other 
Borrowed Money instrument from an LPN Issuer to such LPN Reference Entity.  
“Underlying Loan” means, in respect of an LPN Reference Entity, a loan from an LPN Issuer. 
“Underlying Obligation” means, with respect to a Guarantee, the Obligation which is the subject of the 
Guarantee. 
“Underlying Obligor” means, with respect to an Underlying Obligation, the issuer in the case of a Bond, the 
borrower in the case of a Loan, or the principal obligor in the case of any other Underlying Obligation. 
“Underlying RMB Illiquidity (FX)” means, in respect of Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes, the occurrence of any event or circumstance whereby: 
(a) 
the general Renminbi exchange market outside the PRC becomes illiquid (including, without limitation, 
the existence of any significant price distortion) as a result of which the Issuer cannot obtain sufficient

--- Page 597 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
597 
Renminbi in order to perform its obligations under the Notes (or if applicable, any party to a Hedging 
Position cannot obtain sufficient Renminbi in order to perform its obligations under such Hedging 
Positions);  
(b) 
it becomes impossible or impractical for the Issuer or the Calculation Agent (or would be impossible or 
impractical for any party to a Hedging Position) to obtain a firm quote of the exchange rate or to 
determine the FX Rate, as the case may be; or  
(c) 
it becomes impossible or impracticable (where it had previously been possible or practicable) for the 
Issuer or any of its Affiliates to obtain a firm quote of an offer price in respect of any Relevant Disrupted 
Amount on each relevant payment date under the Notes (as the case may be), either in one transaction 
or a commercially reasonable number of transactions that, when taken together, is no less than such 
Relevant Disrupted Amount, in the general RMB exchange market in each RMB Settlement Centre in 
order to perform its obligations under the Notes (and, for the avoidance of doubt, the inability for a party 
to obtain such firm quote solely due to issues relating to its creditworthiness shall not constitute an 
Underlying RMB Illiquidity),  
in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
“Universal Successor” has the meaning given in the definition of “Successor”. 
“Unwind Costs” means, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the sum of (without duplication) all costs, fees, charges, expenses (including loss of 
funding), tax and duties incurred by the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates in connection with: 
(a) 
the redemption of the Credit Linked Notes; and 
(b) 
if the Issuer has elected to hedge its exposure, the related termination, settlement or re-establishment of 
any hedge or related trading position. 
“Valuation Date” means:  
(a) 
if “Single Valuation Date” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, subject to the provisions of Credit 
Linked Condition 22(d) (Redemption Suspension), the date that is the number of Business Days specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms after (i) the Event Determination Date (where the Event Determination Date 
does not occur pursuant to paragraph (b) of the definition of “Standard Event Determination Date” or 
sub-paragraph (b)(i) of the definition of “Non-Standard Event Determination Date”); (ii) the day on 
which the DC Credit Event Announcement occurs (where no Standard Exercise Cut-off Date or Non-
Standard Exercise Cut-off Date applies in order for the Event Determination Date to occur) or the 
relevant Standard Exercise Cut-off Date or Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date, as applicable (where 
Standard Exercise Cut-off Date or Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date applies in order for the Event 
Determination Date to occur), in each case where the Event Determination Date occurs pursuant to 
paragraph (b) of the definition of “Standard Event Determination Date” or sub-paragraph (b)(i) of the 
definition of “Non-Standard Event Determination Date” or (iii) the Auction Cancellation Date or No 
Auction Announcement Date where Fallback Redemption Method applies; and (iv) if the number of 
Business Days is not so specified, any day falling on or before the 90th Business Day following the 
applicable date referred to in (i), (ii) or (iii) above; 
(b) 
if “Multiple Valuation Dates” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, subject to the provisions of Credit 
Linked Condition 22(d) (Redemption Suspension), each of the following dates: 
(i) 
the date that is the number of Business Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms after (i) the 
Event Determination Date (where the Event Determination Date does not occur pursuant to 
paragraph (b) of the definition of “Standard Event Determination Date” or sub-paragraph (b)(i)

--- Page 598 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
598 
of the definition of “Non-Standard Event Determination Date”); (ii) the day on which the DC 
Credit Event Announcement occurs (where no Standard Exercise Cut-off Date or Non-Standard 
Exercise Cut-off Date applies in order for the Event Determination Date to occur) or the relevant 
Standard Exercise Cut-off Date or Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date, as applicable (where 
Standard Exercise Cut-off Date or Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date applies in order for the 
Event Determination Date to occur), in each case where the Event Determination Date occurs 
pursuant to paragraph (b) of the definition of “Standard Event Determination Date” or sub-
paragraph (b)(i) of the definition of “Non-Standard Event Determination Date” or (iii) the 
Auction Cancellation Date or No Auction Announcement Date where Fallback Redemption 
Method applies; and (iv) if the number of Business Days is not specified, 5 Business Days 
following the applicable date referred to in (i), (ii) or (iii) above); and  
(ii) 
each successive date that is the number of Business Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
(or if the number of Business Days is not so specified, 5 Business Days) after the date on which 
the Calculation Agent obtains a Market Value with respect to the immediately preceding 
Valuation Date. 
(c) 
When “Multiple Valuation Dates” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the total number of Valuation 
Dates shall be equal to the number of Valuation Dates specified in the relevant Issue Terms (or, if the 
number of Valuation Dates is not so specified, five Valuation Dates). 
(d) 
if neither “Single Valuation Date” nor “Multiple Valuation Dates” is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the terms of paragraph (a) of this definition shall apply as if “Single Valuation Date” had been 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Valuation Method” means: 
(a) 
where there is only one Valuation Date, Highest, Lowest or Market, as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms (or, if no Valuation Method is specified, Highest shall apply). 
(b) 
where there is more than one Valuation Date, Average Highest, Average Market or Highest, as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms (or, if no Valuation Method is specified, Average Highest shall apply). 
where: 
(i) 
“Average Highest” means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the highest Quotations obtained 
by the Calculation Agent (or in accordance with paragraph (b) of the definition of “Quotation”) 
with respect to each Valuation Date; 
(ii) 
“Average Market” means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the Market Values determined by 
the Calculation Agent with respect to each Valuation Date; or 
(iii) 
“Highest” means the highest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent (or in accordance with 
sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of “Quotation”) with respect to any Valuation Date; 
(iv) 
“Lowest” means the lowest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent (or in accordance with 
sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of “Quotation”) with respect to any Valuation Date; and 
(v) 
“Market” means the Market Value determined by the Calculation Agent with respect to the 
Valuation Date. 
Notwithstanding paragraphs (a) and (b) of this definition, if Quotations include fewer than two Full Quotations, 
the Valuation Method shall be Market or Average Market, as the case may be.

--- Page 599 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2014 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
599 
“Valuation Obligation” means, where Cash Redemption applies, an obligation, as selected by the Calculation 
Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, provided such obligations(s) is either a 
Reference Obligation and/or would constitute a Deliverable Obligation as at the Valuation Date. 
“Valuation Time” means the time specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if no such time is specified, 
the time determined by the Calculation Agent, which shall be as close as reasonably practicable to 11:00 a.m. 
in the principal trading market for the Deliverable Obligation or Valuation Obligation, as the case may be, unless 
the Calculation Agent determines that such principal trading market would be closed at such time or such 
transactions are not being conducted in sufficient volume (as determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner) at such time, in which event the Valuation Time shall 
be such other time as may be specified by the Calculation Agent that such principal market is open. 
“Venezuelan Covered Reference Entity” means any of the following entities: 
(a) 
República Bolivariana de Venezuela; 
(b) 
Petroleos de Venezuela, S.A.;  
(c) 
any political subdivision, agency, or instrumentality of República Bolivariana de Venezuela, including 
the Central Bank of Venezuela and Petroleos de Venezuela, S.A.; and 
(d) 
any person owned or controlled by, or acting for or on behalf of, any entity referred to in (a) to (c) above. 
“Venezuela Reference Entity” means a Reference Entity or an Underlying Obligor which is a Venezuelan 
Covered Reference Entity and the “Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan Entities: Excluded 
Obligations and Excluded Deliverable Obligations (September [19], 2017)” apply. 
“Venezuelan Order” means the Executive Order 13808 of 24 August 2017 “Imposing Additional Sanctions 
With Respect to the Situation in Venezuela” or subsequent executive order, legislation, regulation or similar 
action implemented by OFAC imposing a sanction on debt of a Venezuelan Covered Reference Entity. 
“Voting Shares” means the shares or other interests that have the power to elect the board of directors or similar 
governing body of an entity. 
“Weighted Average Final Price” means, in respect of Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes and each Settled 
Entity, the amount specified in respect of such Settled Entity in the Settled Entity Matrix.

--- Page 600 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
600 
SECTION G.3 – CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
The Credit Linked Conditions of the Notes set out the specific terms and conditions that apply to only Credit 
Linked Notes for which “2003 Reference Entity” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. For the 
avoidance of doubt, where this Part C applies, Part B (Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference Entity)) will 
not apply. 
The Credit Linked Conditions set out the economic or ‘payout’ terms of the Credit Linked Notes. These are 
optional provisions and only certain of these terms will apply to the relevant Series of Credit Linked Notes. The 
applicable Issue Terms will specify which of the provisions apply to that Series of Credit Linked Notes. 
The provisions in this Part C are the conditions (the “Credit Linked Conditions”) that will apply to the Notes 
if the relevant Issue Terms provide that “Credit Linked Notes” are applicable (the “Credit Linked Notes”) and 
“2003 Reference Entity” is applicable. These Credit Linked Conditions apply as completed by the relevant Final 
Terms or as completed, modified and/or supplemented by the relevant Pricing Supplement, as applicable. In the 
case of any inconsistency between these Credit Linked Conditions and the General Conditions, these Credit 
Linked Conditions will prevail. For the avoidance of doubt, any clarificatory language herein in italicised shall 
not form part of the Credit Linked Conditions.  
This Part C will apply to Credit Linked Notes in respect of which the Issuer purchases credit protection from 
Noteholders in respect of one Reference Entity only (“Single Name Credit Linked Notes”). 
Words and expressions defined or used in the relevant Issue Terms shall have the same meanings where used 
in these Credit Linked Conditions or General Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Credit Linked Conditions or elsewhere in 
the General Conditions which are applicable to the Credit Linked Notes will have the meanings given to them 
in the relevant Issue Terms. References in these Credit Linked Conditions to “Credit Linked Notes” are to the 
Credit Linked Notes, as the case may be, of one Series only, not to all Credit Linked Notes that may be issued 
under the Programme. 
Unless otherwise specified, references in these Credit Linked Conditions to a Credit Linked Condition are to 
the corresponding provision of these Credit Linked Conditions. 
1 
Redemption of Credit Linked Notes 
(a) 
Redemption on the Scheduled Maturity Date where no Relevant Credit Event has occurred 
Unless the Credit Linked Notes have been previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled by 
the Issuer, provided that a Relevant Event Determination Date has not occurred and subject to Credit 
Linked Condition 6 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), each outstanding Credit Linked Note shall be 
redeemed on the Scheduled Maturity Date at the Maturity Redemption Amount. 
(b) 
Redemption following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event 
Unless previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, if a Relevant Credit Event and a 
corresponding Relevant Event Determination Date has occurred, the Issuer will redeem the Credit 
Linked Notes (in whole or in part) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 3 (Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes), subject to Credit Linked Conditions 7 (Restructuring), 14 (Effect of DC Resolutions) and 
15 (Successor Provisions), as applicable. 
Upon discharge by the Issuer of its payment or delivery obligations on the relevant Credit Event 
Redemption Date (or, if the Issuer does not have any payment or delivery obligations, upon the

--- Page 601 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
601 
occurrence of the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date) pursuant to Credit Linked Conditions 8 
(Auction Redemption Terms), 9 (Cash Redemption Terms), 10 (Physical Redemption Terms) or 11 (Fixed 
Recovery Redemption Terms), as applicable, or otherwise provided herein, the Issuer’s obligations in 
respect of such portion of each Credit Linked Note affected by the Relevant Credit Event shall be 
discharged in full. 
As a result of one or more Credit Events, Noteholders may receive less than the principal amount of a 
Credit Linked Note (and such amount may be zero). Any shortfall shall be borne by the Noteholders and 
no liability shall attach to the Issuer. 
(c) 
Early redemption other than following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event 
If the Credit Linked Notes are redeemed early: 
(i) 
pursuant to General Condition 6(b) (Early Redemption of the Notes); 
(ii) 
following, if applicable, a Merger Event pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 12 (Redemption 
upon Merger Event); or 
(iii) 
following, if applicable, the failure to substitute the Reference Obligation in certain events as set 
out in Credit Linked Condition 17(d) (Redemption following no substitution), 
each outstanding Credit Linked Note shall be redeemed by payment of its Early Redemption Amount, 
Optional Redemption Amount, Merger Redemption Amount or Substitution Event Redemption Amount, 
as applicable, on the Early Redemption Date, Optional Redemption Date or Substitution Event Date, as 
applicable, in each case, in accordance with the applicable General Condition or Credit Linked 
Condition. 
Notwithstanding anything contained in these Credit Linked Conditions, if a Relevant Credit Event 
occurs immediately after an event triggering early redemption of the Credit Linked Notes (as described 
above), the occurrence of the Relevant Credit Event will be disregarded (to the extent that the relevant 
Credit Linked Notes have not already been redeemed in full and cancelled) and the Early Redemption 
Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Merger Redemption Amount or Substitution Event Redemption 
Amount, as applicable, payable to Noteholders will be determined on the basis of the event triggering 
early redemption of the Credit Linked Notes only. 
2 
Interest on Credit Linked Notes 
(a) 
Accrual of Interest where a Relevant Event Determination Date has not occurred 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 2(c) (Suspension of Interest following a CE Resolution Notice to 
ISDA or a potential Credit Event), and provided that the Credit Linked Notes have not been previously 
redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, interest (if any) shall accrue on the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes in accordance with General Condition 5 (Interest) (as 
completed by the relevant Final Terms or as completed, modified and/or supplemented by the relevant 
Pricing Supplement, as applicable) to (but excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date, subject to Credit 
Linked Condition 3 (Single Name Credit Linked Notes) 
For the avoidance of doubt, no interest shall accrue on any Credit Linked Note on or after the Scheduled 
Maturity Date.

--- Page 602 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
602 
(b) 
Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 5 (Interest), following the occurrence of 
a Relevant Credit Event and a corresponding Relevant Event Determination Date, the payment of interest 
(if any) in respect of the Applicable Proportion of each relevant Credit Linked Note on the relevant 
Interest Payment Date, as determined in accordance with and subject to Credit Linked Condition 3 
(Single Name Credit Linked Notes), will be suspended as of: 
(i) 
if “No Interest Accrual on Default” applies in the relevant Issue Terms: 
(x) 
the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date; 
or 
(y) 
where there is no Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issue Date; or 
(ii) 
if “Interest Accrual on Default” applies in the relevant Issue Terms, the first Business Day 
immediately following the Relevant Event Determination Date. 
(iii) 
In such case, in respect of each relevant Credit Linked Note, interest shall accrue on the 
Applicable Proportion of such Credit Linked Note: 
(x) 
from (and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding the Relevant Event 
Determination Date, or (where there is no Interest Payment Date immediately preceding 
the Relevant Event Determination Date), the Issue Date 
(y) 
to (and including) the Relevant Event Determination Date. 
(c) 
Suspension of Interest following a CE Resolution Notice or a potential Credit Event 
Subject to Credit Linked Conditions 2(d) (Payment of Suspended Interest following announcement by 
ISDA or determination by the Calculation Agent), 2(e) (Payment of Suspended Interest and reduction of 
future Interest following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event) and 6 (Scheduled Maturity Date 
Extension), if, on or prior to an Interest Payment Date, the Calculation Agent determines that: 
(i) 
a CE Resolution Notice has been submitted in respect of which a DC Resolution (including, but 
not limited to, a DC Credit Event Announcement and a DC No Credit Event Announcement) has 
not been published or the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has not resolved whether 
it will convene a meeting to Resolve the matters described in the CE Resolution Notice; or  
(ii) 
a Relevant Credit Event and corresponding Relevant Event Determination Date could occur but 
no Credit Event Notice has been provided to the Issuer and/or the Noteholders,  
the payment of any interest in respect of the Applicable Proportion will be suspended as of the Interest 
Payment Date on or immediately preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date, or, where there is 
no Interest Payment Date immediately preceding such Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issue 
Date, notwithstanding that a Relevant Event Determination Date has not then occurred. 
The Issuer shall endeavour to give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 19 (Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable if any payment of interest on their Notes is 
suspended pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 2(c). 
The Applicable Proportion of each relevant Credit Linked Note shall be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent (i) on the assumption that (x) a Relevant Credit Event would result in a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, (y) the Relevant Credit Event will not be a Restructuring and (z) where any Auction

--- Page 603 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
603 
Final Price or Final Price, as applicable, is required to determine the portion of the Credit Linked Notes 
subject to interest suspension, a Fixed Recovery Percentage of zero per cent. will apply and (ii) in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 3 (Single Name Credit Linked Notes). 
Except for such portion of interest that is suspended in respect of each Credit Linked Note, payment of 
any interest on the remaining portion of the relevant Credit Linked Note (which is unaffected by the 
Relevant Credit Event), if applicable, will be payable to Noteholders as usual on the relevant Interest 
Payment Date. 
(d) 
Payment of Suspended Interest following announcement by ISDA or determination by the 
Calculation Agent 
If: 
(i) 
In connection with a CE Resolution Notice: (A) an Applicable DC No Credit Event 
Announcement occurs; or (B) ISDA publicly announces that the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has Resolved not to determine the matters set out in such CE 
Resolution Notice; or 
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent determines that a Relevant Event Determination Date can no longer occur,  
payment of the suspended interest will be made no later than 10 Business Days following (I) in the case 
of Credit Linked Condition 2(d)(i)(A) above, the relevant announcement by ISDA or (II) otherwise, the 
date on which the Calculation Agent determines that a Relevant Event Determination Date can no longer 
occur (taking into consideration any Notice Delivery Period, the date on which ISDA publicly announces 
that the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to determine the matters set out 
in the CE Resolution Notice, the date of the Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement and any 
Exercise Cut-off Date). 
For the avoidance of doubt, interest shall continue to be suspended until a relevant announcement by 
ISDA (as described above) occurs, the Calculation Agent determines that no Relevant Event 
Determination Date can occur. In such circumstances, Noteholders may not receive any interest for 
multiple Interest Periods and no liability shall attach to the Issuer for any such non-payment of interest. 
(e) 
Payment of Suspended Interest and reduction of future Interest following the occurrence of a 
Relevant Credit Event 
If, a Relevant Event Determination Date occurs: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Agent determines that the amount of interest suspended pursuant to Credit 
Linked Condition 2(c) (Suspension of Interest following a CE Resolution Notice or a potential 
Credit Event) is greater than the amount of interest that should have been suspended (taking into 
consideration the Applicable Proportion of the relevant Credit Linked Note affected by the 
Relevant Credit Event), the Issuer shall pay an amount equal to: 
(x) 
the interest amount actually suspended; minus 
(y) 
the interest amount that should have been suspended, 
no later than 10 Business Days following the date of such determination by the Calculation Agent; 
or 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Agent determines that the amount of interest suspended pursuant to Credit 
Linked Condition 2(c) (Suspension of Interest following a CE Resolution Notice or a potential 
Credit Event) is less than the amount of interest that should have been suspended (taking into

--- Page 604 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
604 
consideration the Applicable Proportion of the relevant Credit Linked Note affected by the 
Relevant Credit Event), the Issuer shall deduct the absolute value of (x) the interest amount 
actually suspended minus (y) the interest amount that should have been suspended (the absolute 
value of such amount, the “Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount”) from future payments of 
Interest Amounts until the Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount is reduced to zero, provided that 
if there is an outstanding Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount at the time that the Credit Linked 
Notes are being redeemed in full (whether at maturity or upon early redemption), such interest 
shall be deducted from any amount payable to Noteholders at such time, or where “Physical 
Redemption” applies, Delivery of the relevant assets shall take into account any reduction as is 
required to be effected. 
For the avoidance of doubt, where the Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount cannot be deducted 
in full or in part (on account of the relevant redemption amount being insufficient), the Issuer 
shall have no further claims against the Noteholders for any amounts not deducted. 
(f) 
Accrual of Interest at Funding Interest Rate following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event 
This Credit Linked Condition 2(f) applies only if “Credit Payment on Maturity” applies in the relevant 
Issue Terms. 
Following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event, notwithstanding the suspension of interest 
pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the occurrence of 
a Relevant Credit Event), the relevant Credit Payment on Maturity Amount shall accrue interest at the 
Funding Interest Rate in respect of each Interest Period (regardless of whether “No Interest Accrual on 
Default” or “Interest Accrual on Default” applies), from (and including) the first Business Day 
immediately following the Relevant Event Determination Date, to (but excluding in the case of 
paragraphs (i) and (ii) below and including in the case of paragraph (iii) below) the earliest to occur of: 
(i) 
the Scheduled Maturity Date; 
(ii) 
if the relevant Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early Redemption Date, 
Optional Redemption Date or Substitution Event Date, as applicable; and 
(iii) 
if the relevant Credit Linked Notes are redeeming in full following a Relevant Credit Event, the 
Relevant Event Determination Date corresponding to the Credit Event Redemption Date which 
results in the relevant Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full, 
such interest, the “Funding Interest Amount”. 
3 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
(a) 
Introduction 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes are Credit Linked Notes pursuant to which the Issuer purchases credit 
protection from Noteholders in respect of any one Reference Entity and, accordingly, Noteholders are 
exposed to the credit risk of such Reference Entity only (subject to the Successor provisions set out in 
Credit Linked Condition 15 (Successor Provisions)). 
(b) 
Multiple Relevant Credit Events 
There may be more than one Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination Date with 
respect to Single Name Credit Linked Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Conditions 7 
(Restructuring) and 15 (Successor Provisions).

--- Page 605 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
605 
(c) 
Applicable Proportion 
The Applicable Proportion of a Single Name Credit Linked Note will be equal to the product of: 
(i) 
the Specified Denomination of such Single Name Credit Linked Note; and 
(ii) 
(x) 
100 per cent. (where the Relevant Credit Event is not a Restructuring or no successor 
event has occurred); or 
(y) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Exercise Amount divided by (II) the 
Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Single Name Credit Linked Notes (where the 
Relevant Credit Event is a Restructuring); or 
(z) 
an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (I) the Single Name Partial Nominal 
Amount, divided by (II) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes (where the Relevant Credit Event is not a Restructuring and partial 
redemption occurs pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 15 (Successor Provisions)). 
(d) 
Impact of Credit Event on Accrual of Interest 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 5 (Interest), following the occurrence of 
a Relevant Event Determination Date: 
(i) 
interest will cease to accrue on the Applicable Proportion of each Single Name Credit Linked 
Note in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of Interest 
following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event); 
(ii) 
interest will continue to accrue as usual on any remaining portion of each Single Name Credit 
Linked Note unaffected by the Relevant Credit Event in accordance with General Condition 5 
(Interest) to (but excluding in the case of (x) and (y) and including in the case of (z)) the earliest 
to occur of (x) the Scheduled Maturity Date, (y) the Early Redemption Date, the Optional 
Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as applicable, which results in the Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full, and (z) the Relevant Event Determination Date 
corresponding to the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date which results in the Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes being redeemed in full; and 
(iii) 
where “Credit Payment on Maturity applies”, additional interest shall accrue on the Single Name 
Credit Linked Notes in respect of the Credit Payment on Maturity Amount in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 2(f) (Accrual of Interest at Funding Interest Rate following the 
occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event). 
Further, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is defined in the relevant Issue Terms by reference to an Interest 
Payment Date, then the Scheduled Maturity Date shall be the date which would have been such Interest 
Payment Date notwithstanding that, due to the occurrence of a Credit Event, interest has ceased to accrue 
in accordance in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of Interest 
following the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event). 
(e) 
Payment of Accrued Interest 
Where “Interest Accrual on Default” applies, any interest accrued on the Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 2(b) (Suspension of Accrual of Interest following the 
occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event) from (and including) the Interest Payment Date immediately

--- Page 606 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
606 
preceding the Relevant Event Determination Date (or if there is no Interest Payment Date, the Issue 
Date) to (and including) the Relevant Event Determination Date shall be payable on: 
(i) 
if “Credit Payment following Credit Event” applies, a date falling no later than 10 Business Days 
following the relevant Credit Event Redemption Date; 
(ii) 
if “Credit Payment on Maturity” applies, such date as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
provided that such date falls no later than the date on which the Notes are redeemed in full; 
(iii) 
if the Single Name Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in full, the Early Redemption Date, 
the Optional Redemption Date or the Substitution Event Date, as applicable; or 
(iv) 
if “Physical Redemption” applies, a date falling no later than 10 Business Days following the 
first Delivery Date. 
(f) 
Redemption following a Credit Event 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in General Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase) and unless 
previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer will redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Single Name Credit 
Linked Note in accordance with the “Auction Redemption” Credit Event Redemption Method, the “Cash 
Redemption” Credit Event Redemption Method, the “Physical Redemption” Credit Event Redemption 
Method or the “Fixed Recovery Redemption” Credit Event Redemption Method, as specified in the Issue 
Terms. 
(i) 
Auction Redemption 
Auction Redemption shall apply where “Auction Redemption” is specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) “Credit Payment following Credit Event” and (ii) Auction Redemption 
applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer 
shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Single Name Credit Linked Note on the 
Auction Redemption Date at the Auction Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 8 (Auction Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Single Name Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the 
Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 6 (Scheduled Maturity 
Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled 
Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) “Credit Payment on Maturity” and (ii) Auction Redemption applies, then 
following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem 
each Single Name Credit Linked Note on the Final Auction Redemption Date at the Final 
Auction Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 8 (Auction 
Redemption Terms). 
(ii) 
Cash Redemption 
Cash Redemption shall apply where (i) “Cash Redemption” is specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms, or (ii) Cash Redemption is applicable as the

--- Page 607 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
607 
Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked Condition 8 (Auction Redemption Terms) 
requires the Issuer to redeem the Single Name Credit Linked Notes as if Cash Redemption had 
been specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method. 
(A) 
Credit Payment following Credit Event 
If each of (i) “Credit Payment following Credit Event” and (ii) Cash Redemption applies, 
then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall 
redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Single Name Credit Linked Note on the Cash 
Redemption Date at the Cash Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 9 (Cash Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Single Name Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the 
Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 6 (Scheduled Maturity 
Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled 
Maturity Date. 
(B) 
Credit Payment on Maturity 
If each of (i) “Credit Payment on Maturity” and (ii) Cash Redemption applies, then 
following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem 
each Single Name Credit Linked Note on the Final Cash Redemption Date at the Final 
Cash Redemption Amount in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 9 (Cash 
Redemption Terms). 
(iii) 
Physical Redemption 
Physical Redemption shall apply where (i) “Physical Redemption” is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms, or (ii) Physical Redemption is applicable 
as the Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked Condition 8 (Auction Redemption Terms) 
requires the Issuer to redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Single Name Credit Linked Note 
as if Physical Redemption had been specified as the Credit Event Redemption Method. 
If Physical Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination 
Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Single Name Credit Linked Note 
by Delivery to each Noteholder of the Physical Redemption Assets by the relevant Physical 
Redemption Date and payment to each Noteholder of any Partial Cash Redemption Amount or 
any Fallback Cash Redemption Amount (as applicable) in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 10 (Physical Redemption Terms). 
The outstanding portion of such Single Name Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the Scheduled 
Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 6 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), 
be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(iv) 
Fixed Recovery Redemption 
Fixed Recovery Redemption shall apply where it is specified as the Credit Event Redemption 
Method in the relevant Issue Terms. 
If Fixed Recovery Redemption applies, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event 
Determination Date, the Issuer shall redeem the Applicable Proportion of each Single Name 
Credit Linked Note on the Cash Redemption Date at the Cash Redemption Amount (if “Credit 
Payment following Credit Event” applies) or the Final Cash Redemption Date at the Final Cash

--- Page 608 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
608 
Redemption Amount (if “Credit Payment on Maturity” applies) in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 11 (Fixed Recovery Redemption Terms). 
Where “Credit Payment following Credit Event” applies, the outstanding portion of such Single Name 
Credit Linked Note (if any) as at the Scheduled Maturity Date shall, subject to Credit Linked Condition 
6 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), be redeemed at the Maturity Redemption Amount on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date. 
4 
Credit Event Notice and Notice of Publicly Available Information 
(a) 
If (i) a Credit Event Notice and (ii) if “Notice of Publicly Available Information” is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, an effective Notice of Publicly Available Information is required 
to be delivered during one of the periods specified in paragraph (a) of the definition of “Event 
Determination Date” for an effective Event Determination Date to occur, the Calculation Agent shall 
deliver the Credit Event Notice and, if applicable, a Notice of Publicly Available Information to the 
Issuer, provided that sub-paragraph (ii) shall be deemed to be satisfied in circumstances where ISDA 
publicly announces on or prior to the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade 
Date) that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that an event that 
constitutes a Credit Event has occurred with respect to the relevant Reference Entity or Obligation 
thereof. The Issuer shall, upon receipt of such notice(s), forward them to the Fiscal Agent to make 
available to the Noteholders in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 19 (Notices). 
(b) 
If a Credit Event Notice and, where applicable, a “Notice of Publicly Available Information” is not 
required to be delivered for an effective Event Determination Date to occur, the Calculation Agent shall 
give written notice not less than five Business Days prior to the date for redemption of the Credit Linked 
Notes (or a portion thereof) containing the same information required to be included in a Credit Event 
Notice and, if applicable, a Notice of Publicly Available Information to the Issuer. The Issuer shall, upon 
receipt of such notice(s), forward them to the Fiscal Agent to make available to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 19 (Notices). 
(c) 
The Calculation Agent’s determination of a Credit Event will, in the absence of manifest error, be final, 
conclusive and binding on all persons (including, without limitation, the Fiscal Agent and each 
Noteholder). 
(d) 
None of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Fiscal Agent or one or more of their respective affiliates 
will have any liability whatsoever for the failure of the Calculation Agent for any reason to determine 
that a Credit Event has occurred or with respect to the Calculation Agent or the Issuer’s timing as to 
when to deliver a Credit Event Notice, and where applicable, a Notice of Publicly Available Information 
nor will they have any duty or responsibility to investigate or check whether any Credit Event has, or 
may have, occurred or may be continuing. 
5 
Event Determination Dates and Adjustment Payments  
If, following the determination of an Event Determination Date, such Event Determination Date is deemed by 
the Calculation Agent and/or the Issuer (a) to have occurred on a date that is different from the date that was 
originally determined to be the Event Determination Date, (b) not to have occurred, or (c) to have occurred 
prior to a preceding Interest Payment Date, then: 
(I) 
in respect of the event specified at (b) only, where the Credit Linked Notes have not already been 
redeemed in full, the redemption of the Credit Linked Notes shall be cancelled and the Credit Linked

--- Page 609 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
609 
Notes shall continue in accordance with their terms as if the relevant Event Determination Date had not 
occurred; and 
(II) 
in respect of any of the events specified at (a), (b) or (c) above, the Calculation Agent will, in its sole 
and absolute discretion, determine (A) the adjustment payment, if any, that is payable to Noteholders to 
reflect any change that may be necessary to the amount previously calculated and/or paid in respect of 
the relevant Series; and (B) the date on which such adjustment payment is payable, if any and thereafter 
notify the Issuer of such adjustments. For the avoidance of doubt, no accruals of interest shall be taken 
into account when calculating any such adjustment payment, 
and in the case of (c) above, subject to Credit Linked Condition 2 (Interest on Credit Linked Notes). 
The Issuer shall endeavour to give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 19 
(Notices) of the occurrence of any of the foregoing events as soon as practicable thereafter without the consent 
of Noteholders being required to make the above adjustments. 
6 
Scheduled Maturity Date Extension 
Where the Calculation Agent determines on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, that: 
(I) 
one or more Reference Entities: 
(x) 
may be subject to a Credit Event; 
(y) 
is or may be subject to a Potential Failure to Pay, if “Grace Period Extension” is specified as 
being applicable in the relevant Issue Terms; or 
(z) 
is or may be subject to a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, if “Repudiation/Moratorium” is 
specified as being applicable in the relevant Issue Terms; 
(II) 
a Credit Event Notice may be delivered after the Scheduled Maturity Date within an effective delivery 
period which may result in a Relevant Event Determination Date occurring; 
(III) 
a CE Resolution Notice may be delivered after the Scheduled Maturity Date within an effective delivery 
period which may result in a Relevant Event Determination Date occurring; 
(IV) 
the final Credit Event Redemption Date in relation to any Relevant Credit Event or the Final Physical 
Redemption Cut-Off Date in relation to any Physical Redemption, as applicable, will only occur after 
the Scheduled Maturity Date (including any final Partial Cash Redemption Date or final Fallback Cash 
Redemption Date, as applicable);  
(V) 
a Payment Failure Cut-Off Date in relation to a Payment/Delivery Failure Event may occur after the 
Scheduled Maturity Date; or 
(VI) 
an RMB Currency Settlement Cut-Off Date may occur after the Scheduled Maturity Date, 
it shall notify the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent. The Issuer shall then notify the Noteholders and the Credit Linked 
Notes then outstanding shall not be redeemed on the Scheduled Maturity Date but shall instead be redeemed on 
the Extended Maturity Date. 
If any amount is payable on the Scheduled Maturity Date of a Credit Linked Note (including any interest 
payment) to which the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 6 apply, such amount shall fall due on the 
Extended Maturity Date and shall be payable without any interest or other sum payable in respect of the 
postponement of the payment of such amount.

--- Page 610 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
610 
7 
Restructuring 
For the purposes of this Credit Linked Condition 7, the definition of “Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount” 
shall be construed in accordance with the provisions set out in Credit Linked Condition 15 (Successor 
Provisions) where apportionment of calculation amounts as a result of multiple successors being identified is 
to be applied. 
(a) 
Credit Event Notice after a Restructuring 
Upon the occurrence of a Restructuring with respect to a Series for which either “Restructuring Maturity 
Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation Applicable” or “Modified Restructuring Maturity 
Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation Applicable” applies, the Calculation Agent may 
deliver multiple Credit Event Notices with respect to such Restructuring to the Issuer (who shall forward 
such notice(s) to the Fiscal Agent for onward delivery to the Noteholders), each such Credit Event Notice 
specifying the amount of the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes to which 
such Credit Event Notice applies to which such Credit Event Notice applies, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent which may be less than the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of such Credit 
Linked Notes (such amounts specified in the Credit Event Notice, the “Exercise Amount”), provided 
that if (i) the Credit Event Notice does not specify an Exercise Amount or (ii) the Credit Event Notice 
relates to any Credit Event other than a Restructuring, then, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount 
of the Credit Linked Notes immediately prior to the delivery of such Credit Event Notice, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent will be deemed to have been specified as the Exercise Amount. 
Accordingly, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Credit Linked Conditions, where a 
Restructuring has occurred and a Credit Event Notice has been delivered for an Exercise Amount that is 
less than the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes, as at the date 
immediately prior to the delivery of such Credit Event Notice, the provisions of these Credit Linked 
Conditions shall be deemed to apply to a principal amount of the Credit Linked Notes equal to the 
Exercise Amount only and all the relevant provisions shall be construed accordingly. 
(b) 
Redemption of Credit Linked Notes following partial exercise 
If a Credit Event Notice has been delivered in respect of a Restructuring that specifies an Exercise 
Amount that is less than the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes, then: 
(i) 
the relevant provisions of Credit Linked Condition 3 (Single Name Credit Linked Notes) relating 
to the redemption of Credit Linked Notes shall apply to the Exercise Amount, including for the 
purposes of calculating the relevant Credit Event Redemption Amount or the Physical 
Redemption Assets to be Delivered to Noteholders, as applicable. In such circumstances, the 
Calculation Agent may adjust such provisions of the Credit Linked Conditions and/or relevant 
Issue Terms as it determines appropriate to take account of this Credit Linked Condition 7, 
including the basis of the calculation of any Credit Event Redemption Amount or the Physical 
Redemption Assets to be Delivered to Noteholders; 
(ii) 
following any payment of a relevant Credit Event Redemption Amount or Delivery of the 
Physical Redemption Assets to Noteholders or any other determination made in respect of any 
Exercise Amount, the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount shall (in all cases without double 
counting) be reduced by an amount equal to the Exercise Amount. The Credit Linked Notes shall 
remain outstanding in an amount equal to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount and 
interest (if applicable) shall accrue on the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount as provided 
for in General Condition 5 (Interest) and the Calculation Agent may thereafter deliver one or

--- Page 611 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
611 
more further Credit Event Notices in respect of such Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount to 
which the Credit Linked Conditions shall continue to apply; and 
(iii) 
the Calculation Agent may adjust the provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions and/or the 
relevant Issue Terms in such manner as it may determine to be appropriate to account for such 
event. 
(c) 
Subsequent Credit Events 
For the avoidance of doubt, in the case of a Credit Linked Note subject to multiple successor 
determinations, the fact that a Restructuring Credit Event has occurred in respect of a Reference Entity 
shall not preclude delivery of a Credit Event Notice in respect of any other Reference Entity. 
(d) 
Endorsement of Global Registered Note Certificate to reflect partial redemption 
If the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 7 apply in respect of the Credit Linked Notes, on any 
redemption of part of each such Credit Linked Note, the relevant Credit Linked Note or, if the Credit 
Linked Notes are represented by a Global Registered Note Certificate, such Global Registered Note 
Certificate, shall be endorsed to reflect such part redemption on the relevant Credit Event Redemption 
Date. 
(e) 
Exercise Amount 
The Exercise Amount in connection with a Credit Event Notice describing a Restructuring must be (i) 
an amount that is at least 1,000,000 units of the Settlement Currency (or, if Yen, 100,000,000 units) or 
an integral multiple thereof; or (ii) the entire Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit 
Linked Notes. 
The Exercise Amount must be an amount that is not greater than the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount. 
The Exercise Amount shall be determined in the sole discretion of the Calculation Agent. 
8 
Auction Redemption Terms 
(a) 
Fallback Redemption 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 14(d) (Redemption Suspension), if the Calculation Agent determines 
with respect to a Credit Event and any relevant CE Resolution Notice, Applicable Resolution and/or 
Applicable Auction, that: 
(i) 
an Auction Cancellation Date has occurred;  
(ii) 
a No Auction Announcement Date has occurred (and, in circumstances where such No Auction 
Announcement Date occurs pursuant to paragraph (b) of the definition of “No Auction 
Announcement Date”, the Calculation Agent has not exercised the Movement Option);  
(iii) 
a No Auction Announcement Date has occurred but the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee has not determined that one or more Auctions will be held in 
accordance with any Transaction Auction Settlement Terms or, if applicable, Parallel Auction 
Settlement Terms; 
(iv) 
ISDA publicly announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
Resolved, following a Credit Event Resolution Request Date, not to determine the matters 
described in the relevant CE Resolution Notice; or

--- Page 612 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
612 
(v) 
a Relevant Event Determination Date was determined pursuant to paragraph (a) of the definition 
of “Event Determination Date”, and no Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred on or 
prior to the date falling three Business Days after such Relevant Event Determination Date, or  
(vi) 
a Relevant Event Determination Date was determined pursuant to paragraph (b)(ii)(II) of the 
definition of “Event Determination Date”, 
then, the Fallback Redemption Method shall apply and the Issuer shall redeem each Credit Linked Note 
in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 9 (Cash Redemption Terms) (if Cash Redemption is 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms as the Fallback Redemption Method) or in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 10 (Physical Redemption Terms) (if “Physical Redemption” is specified in the relevant 
Issue Terms as the Fallback Redemption Method). 
(b) 
Movement Option 
If “Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation Applicable” or “Modified 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation Applicable” is specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms and the Calculation Agent determines in respect of a Restructuring that a No 
Auction Announcement Date has occurred pursuant to sub-paragraph (b) or (c) of the definition of “No 
Auction Announcement Date”, the Calculation Agent may elect in its sole and absolute discretion to 
deliver a Notice to Exercise Movement Option to the Issuer (who will then send a subsequent notice to 
the Fiscal Agent for onward delivery to the Noteholders) at any time on or prior to the Movement Option 
Cut-off Date. If a Notice to Exercise Movement Option is so delivered, then any redemption of the Credit 
Linked Notes shall be effected by the Issuer by payment of the relevant Auction Redemption Amount 
on the relevant Auction Redemption Date (or, if “Credit Payment on Maturity” applies, by payment of 
the Final Auction Redemption Amount on the Final Auction Redemption Date), as applicable, and any 
such redemption of the Credit Linked Notes shall be determined on the basis of the Auction Final Price 
determined by reference to the relevant Parallel Auction identified by the Calculation Agent in the Notice 
to Exercise Movement Option. If a Notice to Exercise Movement Option is delivered by the Calculation 
Agent, all references in these Credit Linked Conditions to “Applicable Auction”, “Applicable Auction 
Settlement Terms”, “Auction Cancellation Date” and “Auction Final Price Determination Date” shall be 
deemed to be references to the “Parallel Auction”, “Parallel Auction Settlement Terms” and “Parallel 
Auction Cancellation Date” and the terms of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be construed 
accordingly. 
(c) 
Delivery of Auction Redemption Amount Notice 
Regardless of whether “Credit Payment on Maturity” or “Credit Payment Following Credit Event” 
applies, following the Auction Final Price Determination Date, the Calculation Agent shall deliver the 
Auction Redemption Amount Notice to the Issuer and the Issuer shall deliver the Auction Redemption 
Amount Notice to the Fiscal Agent no later than five Business Days following the Auction Final Price 
Determination Date. The Fiscal Agent shall then, as soon as reasonably practicable, deliver the Auction 
Redemption Amount Notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 19 
(Notices). 
9 
Cash Redemption Terms 
(a) 
Determination of Final Price 
(i) 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 14(d) (Redemption Suspension), following the occurrence of 
a Relevant Event Determination Date and upon satisfaction of the Conditions to Settlement, on

--- Page 613 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
613 
the Valuation Date, the Calculation Agent shall commence determination of the Final Price using 
the Valuation Obligation to be valued. 
(ii) 
If: 
(I) 
“Include Accrued Interest” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms in respect of Quotations 
obtained with respect to the Valuation Obligation, such Quotations shall include accrued 
but unpaid interest; 
(II) 
“Exclude Accrued Interest” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms in respect of 
Quotations obtained with respect to the Valuation Obligation, such Quotations shall not 
include accrued but unpaid interest; or 
(III) 
neither “Include Accrued Interest” nor “Exclude Accrued Interest” is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms in respect of Quotations obtained with respect to the Valuation 
Obligation, the Calculation Agent shall determine, based on the then current market 
practice in the market of the Valuation Obligation whether such Quotations shall include 
or exclude accrued but unpaid interest and, if applicable, the amount thereof. 
(iii) 
All Quotations shall be obtained in accordance with this specification or determination. 
(iv) 
If any Quotation obtained with respect to an Accreting Obligation is expressed as a percentage of 
the amount payable in respect of such obligation at maturity, such Quotation will instead be 
expressed as a percentage of the outstanding principal balance (as defined in the definition of 
“Physical Redemption Assets”) for purposes of determining the Final Price. 
(b) 
Delivery of Cash Redemption Amount Notice 
Regardless of whether “Credit Payment on Maturity” or “Credit Payment Following Credit Event” 
applies, the Calculation Agent shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, after obtaining all Quotations for 
a Valuation Date and determining the Final Price (such date of determination, the “Final Price 
Determination Date”), provide the Issuer with a Cash Redemption Amount Notice. The Issuer shall 
deliver the Cash Redemption Amount Notice to the Fiscal Agent no later than five Business Days 
following the Final Price Determination Date. The Fiscal Agent shall then, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, deliver the Cash Redemption Amount Notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Credit 
Linked Condition 19 (Notices). 
10 Physical Redemption Terms 
(a) 
Delivery of Physical Redemption Assets 
(i) 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 14(d) (Redemption Suspension) and notwithstanding anything 
to the contrary in General Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase), and unless previously 
redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, if (a) Physical Redemption is specified as the Credit 
Event Redemption Method in the relevant Issue Terms or (b) Physical Redemption applies as the 
Fallback Redemption Method and Credit Linked Condition 8 (Auction Redemption Terms) 
requires that the Issuer redeems the Credit Linked Notes in accordance with this Credit Linked 
Condition 10, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination Date and upon 
satisfaction of the Conditions to Settlement, the Applicable Proportion of each Credit Linked 
Note, shall, subject to and in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 10, be redeemed by, 
in respect of each Noteholder: (i) Delivery (at the risk of the relevant Noteholder) of the Physical 
Redemption Assets specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, 
as applicable, on or prior to the Physical Redemption Date in accordance with Credit Linked

--- Page 614 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
614 
Condition 10(b) (Physical Redemption Assets), and (ii) payment of the Partial Cash Redemption 
Amount or Fallback Cash Redemption Amount (if applicable) in accordance with Credit Linked 
Condition 10(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms), 
pursuant to which the Issuer’s obligations in respect of the redemption of the Applicable 
Proportion of each Credit Linked Note shall be fully and effectively discharged. 
(ii) 
In respect of Credit Linked Notes that are only partially redeemed, the remaining portion of each 
Credit Linked Note which is not so redeemed shall be redeemed on the later of (i) the later to 
occur of (a) the Scheduled Maturity Date and (b) the Extended Maturity Date, as applicable, at 
the Maturity Redemption Amount, and (ii) where the Credit Linked Notes early redeem in full, 
the Early Redemption Date, Optional Redemption Date or Substitution Event Date, as applicable. 
(iii) 
In order for the Credit Linked Notes to be redeemed in accordance with this Credit Linked 
Condition 10: 
(A) 
Upon receiving notification of the occurrence of a Relevant Credit Event and a 
corresponding Notice of Physical Settlement from the Calculation Agent [within thirty 
days from the Relevant Event Determination Date], the Issuer shall forward the relevant 
Credit Event Notice, the Notice of Physical Settlement and, if applicable, the Notice of 
Publicly Available Information to the Fiscal Agent for onward delivery to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 19 (Notices) as soon as practicable and, in 
any case, prior to the relevant Physical Redemption Date.  
(B) 
The Calculation Agent may, at any time, deliver to the Issuer a NOPS Amendment Notice 
stating that the Issuer would be replacing, in whole or in part, the Deliverable Obligations 
specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or a prior NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable, which such notice shall be sent to the Fiscal Agent for onward delivery to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 19 (Notices). 
(C) 
The relevant Noteholder shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent (and where the relevant Credit 
Linked Note is in definitive form, to the Registrar), prior to 3.00 p.m. (London) on the 10th 
Business Day following the date of effective delivery by the Fiscal Agent of the Notice of 
Physical Settlement to the Noteholders and, if relevant, any NOPS Amendment Notice, a 
duly completed notice in writing (a “Deliverable Obligation Notice”): 
(I) 
in the case of Credit Linked Notes represented by a Global Registered Note 
Certificate, specifying the Series number of the Credit Linked Notes which is the 
subject of the Deliverable Obligation Notice; 
(II) 
including such details as are required for the transfer or assignment of the Physical 
Redemption Assets which may include, without limitation, (a) the name, address 
and/or details of the relevant Noteholder’s (or the Noteholder’s designee’s) account 
at Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear or DTC, as applicable (the “Relevant 
Clearing System”), to be debited with such Physical Redemption Assets and/or 
any bank, broker, agent or designee of the Noteholder to whom documents 
evidencing the transfer of Physical Redemption Assets to be delivered; and (b) 
irrevocably instructing and authorising the Relevant Clearing Systems to debit the 
relevant Noteholder’s account to complete Delivery; 
(III) 
specifying the name and details of the account to which the Partial Cash 
Redemption Amount or Fallback Cash Redemption Amount (in each case, if any) 
is to be credited;

--- Page 615 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
615 
(IV) 
containing an acknowledgment that an amount equal to each Credit Linked Note’s 
pro rata share of all Unwind Costs, Delivery Expenses or Interest Suspension 
Shortfall Amount (in each case, if any) shall be deducted from the outstanding 
principal balance or Due and Payable Amount; 
(V) 
certifying, either (i) in respect of Credit Linked Notes represented by a Regulation 
S Global Registered Note Certificate, that the beneficial owner of each such Credit 
Linked Note is not a U.S. person (as defined in the Deliverable Obligation Notice), 
the Note is not being redeemed within the United States or on behalf of a U.S. 
person and no cash, notes or other property have been or will be delivered within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person in connection 
with any redemption thereof; or (ii) in respect of Credit Linked Notes represented 
by a Rule 144A Global Registered Note Certificate, that the beneficial owner of 
each such Credit Linked Note is a QIB; 
(VI) 
authorising the production of such certification in any applicable administrative or 
legal proceedings, as provided in the Fiscal Agency Agreement; 
(VII) if the Credit Linked Notes are in definitive form, including the definitive Credit 
Linked Notes; 
(VIII) providing a Euroclear screenshot of each Noteholder’s holdings; and 
(IX) 
containing a confirmation that the Credit Linked Notes will not be transferred until 
Delivery is completed, subject in any case to any transfer restrictions. 
(iv) 
Forms of the Deliverable Obligation Notice will be delivered to the Noteholders together with 
the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable. 
(v) 
No Deliverable Obligation Notice may be withdrawn after receipt thereof by the Relevant 
Clearing System, the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, as provided 
above. After delivery of a Deliverable Obligation Notice (i) such relevant Noteholder or its 
designee (on its behalf), as applicable, shall be the only person entitled to delivery of its portion 
of the Physical Redemption Assets, and as such (ii) the relevant Noteholder may not transfer the 
Credit Linked Notes which are the subject of such notice. 
(vi) 
Failure to properly complete and deliver a Deliverable Obligation Notice may result in such 
notice being treated as null and void and deemed to not have been provided. Any determination 
as to whether such notice has been properly completed and delivered as provided in these Credit 
Linked Conditions shall be made by the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or the Fiscal Agent, on the 
Issuer’s behalf, and shall be conclusive and binding on the relevant Noteholder. 
(vii) 
Delivery of the Physical Redemption Assets and payment of the Partial Cash Redemption 
Amount or Fallback Cash Redemption Amount (in each case, if any) in respect of each 
Noteholder shall be made by the Issuer in accordance with the details specified in the applicable 
Deliverable Obligation Notice. 
(b) 
Physical Redemption Assets 
(i) 
Subject to this Credit Linked Condition 10(b), the Issuer may only Deliver the Deliverable 
Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable.

--- Page 616 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
616 
(ii) 
Until the date on which the Physical Redemption Assets have been fully Delivered, the Issuer or 
any other person (including the Issuer’s Affiliates) will continue to be the legal holder of the 
Deliverable Obligations comprising the Physical Redemption Assets. None of the Issuer nor any 
such other person will (A) be under any obligation to deliver or procure delivery to any 
Noteholder or any other person any letter, certificate, notice, circular or any other document or 
payment whatsoever received by the Issuer or that other person in its capacity as legal holder of 
such Deliverable Obligations, (B) be under any obligation to exercise or procure exercise of any 
or all rights (including voting rights) attaching to such Deliverable Obligations comprising the 
Physical Redemption Assets, (C) be under any liability to such Noteholder or any other person in 
respect of any loss or damage which such Noteholder or other person may sustain or suffer as a 
result, whether directly or indirectly, of the Issuer or any other person being the legal holder of 
such Deliverable Obligations comprising the Physical Redemption Assets, or (D) have any 
liability whatsoever to any Noteholder or any other person if, as a result of a Payment/Delivery 
Failure Event or pursuant to any of Credit Linked Conditions 10(c) (Election to deliver alternative 
amount of Deliverable Obligations/Hedge Disruption Obligation) to 10(h) (Alternative 
Procedures Relating to Loans not Delivered) (both inclusive), it is unable to effect Delivery of 
any Deliverable Obligations comprising the Physical Redemption Assets and the obligations 
hereunder shall be satisfied by partial cash settlement or fallback cash redemption (if applicable) 
or shall cease, and be deemed to be fully discharged in accordance with the Credit Linked 
Conditions. 
(iii) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that all or any part of the Physical Redemption Assets that 
would be required to be Delivered to a Noteholder is not a whole integral multiple of the smallest 
unit of transfer for any such Physical Redemption Assets at the relevant time of Delivery, the 
Issuer will Deliver and such Noteholder will only be entitled to receive such portion of the 
Physical Redemption Assets specified by the Issuer which is as large a size as possible (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, after consideration of such smallest unit or units of transfer 
and application of rounding to such amount, whether upwards or downwards to the nearest unit 
of transfer, in its sole discretion). Any portion of the Physical Redemption Assets not so delivered 
shall be deemed to have a value of zero and the Issuer’s obligations to the Noteholders in respect 
of such portion shall be fully and effectively discharged. 
(c) 
Election to deliver alternative amount of Deliverable Obligations/Hedge Disruption Obligation 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Credit Linked Condition 10(a) (Delivery of Physical 
Redemption Assets), the Issuer may elect to Deliver to Noteholders Deliverable Obligations with an 
outstanding principal balance or a Due and Payable Amount, as applicable (or the equivalent Currency 
Amount of any such amount), that is (i) greater than, or (ii) less than, that which each Noteholder would 
otherwise have been entitled to receive by way of Physical Redemption Assets. 
If: 
(i) 
the Issuer exercises its election pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 10(c); or 
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent determines that the Deliverable Obligations set out in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, cannot be Delivered due to an 
event (including, without limitation, any delay in settlement of any Applicable Auction) which 
results in the Issuer and/or its Affiliates not receiving the relevant Deliverable Obligations under 
its Hedging Positions (such obligations which cannot be Delivered, a “Hedge Disruption 
Obligation”),

--- Page 617 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
617 
the Issuer may attempt to continue to Deliver without prejudice to the provisions set out in Credit Linked 
Condition 10(a) (Delivery of Physical Redemption Assets) and the Calculation Agent may (but is not 
obliged to) after taking into account costs to the Issuer, including the trading price of any alternative 
Deliverable Obligation, provide notice to the Issuer (which shall be forwarded to the Fiscal Agent for 
onward delivery to Noteholders) that alternative Deliverable Obligation(s) will be delivered in lieu of 
any other Deliverable Obligation specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment 
Notice, as applicable, satisfying on the Physical Redemption Date and the Delivery Date, each of the 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the relevant Issue Terms and otherwise 
satisfying the requirements to constitute a Deliverable Obligation and such instrument shall be deemed 
specified in the NOPS Amendment Notice which will be effective notwithstanding the fact that it is 
deemed specified after the Physical Redemption Date). 
If no Delivery has been completed on or prior to the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, Cash 
Redemption shall be deemed to apply instead pursuant to the fallback cash redemption terms in Credit 
Linked Condition 10(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) with 
respect to the Deliverable Obligations that cannot be Delivered and the Issuer shall pay to each 
Noteholder each Credit Linked Note’s pro rata share of the Fallback Cash Redemption Amount on the 
Fallback Cash Redemption Date. For such purpose, the Deliverable Obligations that cannot be Delivered 
(including the Hedge Disruption Obligations) shall constitute an “Undelivered Deliverable Obligation” 
for the purposes of the application of Credit Linked Condition 10(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms 
and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms). 
(d) 
Partial Cash Redemption due to Impossibility or Illegality 
If, due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer, it is impossible or illegal for the Issuer to Deliver, or 
due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer it is impossible or illegal for any Noteholder to accept 
Delivery of, any of the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any 
NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, on the Physical Redemption Date (including, without 
limitation, failure of the relevant clearance system or due to any law, regulation or court order, but 
excluding market conditions or the failure to obtain any requisite consent with respect to the Delivery of 
Loans), then on or before such date: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall Deliver and the Noteholder shall take Delivery of any of the Deliverable 
Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable, for which it is possible and legal to take Delivery; and 
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent shall provide a description in reasonable detail of the facts giving rise to 
such impossibility or illegality and, as soon as practicable thereafter, the Issuer shall Deliver and 
the Noteholder shall take Delivery of the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, which were not delivered on the 
Delivery Date. 
The date on which the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, which were not Delivered and are subsequently Delivered shall be 
the date on which the Issuer is deemed to have completed Delivery of the Deliverable Obligations 
specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, relating to 
the Relevant Credit Event. 
If following the occurrence of any such impossibility or illegality, the amount of Deliverable Obligations 
that are to be Delivered as specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment 
Notice, as applicable, are not delivered to the Noteholders on or prior to the Latest Permissible Physical

--- Page 618 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
618 
Settlement Date, then Cash Redemption in accordance with the partial cash redemption terms in Credit 
Linked Condition 10(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) shall 
apply with respect to the Deliverable Obligations that cannot be Delivered (the “Undeliverable 
Obligations”). 
(e) 
Partial Cash Redemption of Consent Required Loans 
If: 
(i) 
the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment 
Notice, as applicable, include Consent Required Loans that, due to the non-receipt of any 
requisite consents, are not, on the Physical Redemption Date, capable of being assigned or 
novated to the Noteholder or its designee, as applicable, and such consents are not obtained or 
deemed given by the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date; and 
(ii) 
“Direct Loan Participation” is not specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic in the 
relevant Issue Terms, or “Direct Loan Participation” is specified as a Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic in the relevant Issue Terms and the relevant participation is not effected on or 
before the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, 
Cash Redemption pursuant to the partial cash redemption terms in Credit Linked Condition 10(i) (Partial 
Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) shall be deemed to apply to the Credit 
Linked Notes with respect to the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement 
or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, that consist of Consent Required Loans for which consents 
are not obtained or deemed given (the “Undeliverable Loan Obligations”). 
(f) 
Partial Cash Redemption of Assignable Loans 
If: 
(i) 
the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment 
Notice, as applicable, include Assignable Loans that, due to the non-receipt of any requisite 
consents, are not, on the Physical Redemption Date, capable of being assigned or novated to the 
Noteholder or its designee, as applicable, and such consents are not obtained or deemed given by 
the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date; and 
(ii) 
“Direct Loan Participation” is not specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic in the 
relevant Issue Terms, or “Direct Loan Participation” is specified as a Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic in the relevant Issue Terms and the relevant participation is not effected on or 
before the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, 
Cash Redemption pursuant to the partial cash redemption terms in Credit Linked Condition 10(i) (Partial 
Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) shall be deemed to apply to the Credit 
Linked Notes with respect to the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement 
or last NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, that consist of Assignable Loans for which consents are 
not obtained or deemed given (the “Unassignable Obligations”). 
(g) 
Partial Cash Redemption of Participations 
If the Deliverable Obligations include Direct Loan Participations and the relevant participation is not 
effected on or before the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, Cash Redemption pursuant to the 
partial cash redemption terms in Credit Linked Condition 10(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and 
Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) shall be deemed to apply to the Credit Linked Notes with respect to 
the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment

--- Page 619 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
619 
Notice, as applicable, that consist of Direct Loan Participations in respect of which the relevant 
participation is not effected (the “Undeliverable Participations”). 
(h) 
Alternative Procedures Relating to Loans not Delivered 
(i) 
If the Issuer has not Delivered any Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, that are Loans on or prior to the date 
that is five Business Days after the relevant Physical Redemption Date (the “Alternative 
Procedure Start Date”), Credit Linked Condition 10(h)(ii) shall apply unless (A) “Reference 
Obligations Only” has been specified as the Deliverable Obligation Category in the relevant Issue 
Terms, (B) in the case of a Consent Required Loan, “Partial Cash Redemption of Consent 
Required Loans” is specified as being applicable in the relevant Issue Terms (in which case Credit 
Linked Condition 10(e) (Partial Cash Redemption of Consent Required Loans) shall apply), (C) 
in the case of an Assignable Loan, “Partial Cash Redemption of Assignable Loans” is specified 
as being applicable in the relevant Issue Terms (in which case Credit Linked Condition 10(f) 
(Partial Cash Redemption of Assignable Loans)) shall apply), (D) in the case of a Direct Loan 
Participation, “Partial Cash Redemption of Participation” is specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms (in which case Credit Linked Condition 10(g) (Partial Cash Redemption of 
Participations) shall apply) or (E) in any case, such failure to Deliver is due to an event described 
in Credit Linked Condition 10(d) (Partial Cash Redemption due to Impossibility or Illegality) (in 
which case Credit Linked Condition 10(d) (Partial Cash Redemption due to Impossibility or 
Illegality) shall apply). 
(ii) 
If the Issuer has failed to obtain the requisite consents to Deliver a Loan specified in the Notice 
of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, at any time after the 15th 
Business Day following the Alternative Procedure Start Date, the Issuer may (but is not obliged 
to) Deliver, in lieu of all or part of such Loan and after taking into account costs to the Issuer, 
including the trading price of any alternative Deliverable Obligation, any, subject to 
“Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation” or “Modified 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation”, Bond that is 
Transferable and Not Bearer or Loan that is Assignable, and having on both the Physical 
Redemption Date and the Delivery Date each of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics (other 
than Consent Required Loan or Direct Loan Participation), if any, specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms and otherwise satisfying the requirements to constitute a Deliverable Obligation (and such 
instrument shall be deemed specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, provided that if the March 2012 Supplement applies, such 
instrument shall be deemed specified in a NOPS Amendment Notice that is effective on the date 
immediately prior to the most recent Business Day preceding such Delivery and in which the 
Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount shall be the Outstanding Amount of the 
replaced Loan). In the event that the Deliverable Obligations or other Deliverable Obligations to 
be delivered in lieu of all or part of such Loan are not Delivered on or prior to the Latest 
Permissible Physical Settlement Date, Cash Redemption shall be deemed to apply instead 
pursuant to the fallback cash redemption terms in Credit Linked Condition 10(i) (Partial Cash 
Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms) with respect to the Loans specified in 
the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, or alternative 
Deliverable Obligation, as determined by the Calculation Agent and the Issuer shall pay 
Noteholder each Credit Linked Note’s pro rata share of the Fallback Cash Redemption Amount 
on the Fallback Cash Redemption Date. For such purpose, the Deliverable Obligations not 
Delivered shall constitute “Undelivered Deliverable Obligations” for the purposes of the

--- Page 620 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
620 
application of Credit Linked Condition 10(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash 
Redemption Terms). 
(i) 
Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms 
The following terms apply for the purposes of the partial cash redemption terms referred to in Credit 
Linked Conditions 10(d) (Partial Cash Redemption due to Impossibility or Illegality) to 8(h) (Alternative 
Procedures Relating to Loans not Delivered) and for the purposes of the fallback cash redemption terms 
referred to in Credit Linked Condition 13(b) (Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to deliver): 
(i) 
If Cash Redemption is deemed to apply pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition, the Issuer shall 
pay in respect of the portion of the Physical Redemption Assets corresponding to the applicable 
Undeliverable Obligation, Undeliverable Loan Obligation, Undeliverable Participation or 
Unassignable Obligation (each an “Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation”) the Partial Cash 
Redemption Amount on the Partial Cash Redemption Date, and in respect of the Physical 
Redemption Assets which cannot be delivered as described in Credit Linked Conditions 13(b) 
(Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to deliver), 10(c) (Election to deliver alternative 
amount of Deliverable Obligations/Hedge Disruption Obligation) or 10(h) (Alternative 
Procedures Relating to Loans not Delivered) (each, an “Undelivered Deliverable Obligation”), 
the Issuer shall pay in respect of the portion of the Physical Redemption Assets corresponding to 
the applicable Undeliverable Deliverable Obligations, the Fallback Cash Redemption Amount on 
the Fallback Cash Redemption Date (each as determined in accordance with this Credit Linked 
Condition 10(i)); 
(ii) 
“Partial Cash Redemption Amount” means an aggregate amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in respect of all Undeliverable Deliverable Obligations, representing in respect of each 
Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation, an amount equal to the greater of (A) (I) the outstanding 
principal balance, the Due and Payable Amount or the Currency Amount, as applicable, of such 
Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation, as the case may be, multiplied by (II) the Final Price with 
respect to such Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation, as determined by the Calculation Agent (in 
its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner), minus (III) Unwind Costs, if any (but 
excluding any Unwind Costs already taken into account in calculating the principal amount of 
the relevant Physical Redemption Assets to deliver) and (B) zero; 
(iii) 
“Partial Cash Redemption Date” and “Fallback Cash Redemption Date” means the date as 
selected by the Calculation Agent up to and including the date falling 10 Business Days following 
the Final Price Determination Date; 
(iv) 
“Fallback Cash Redemption Amount” has the same meaning as set out in “Partial Cash 
Redemption Amount”, provided that each reference therein to “Undeliverable Deliverable 
Obligation” shall be deemed to be a reference to “Undelivered Deliverable Obligation”; 
(v) 
“Reference Obligation” means, in respect of the determination of the Partial Cash Redemption 
Amount, each Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation and in respect of the determination of the 
Fallback Cash Redemption Amount, each Undelivered Deliverable Obligation; 
(vi) 
“Valuation Date” means the date that is two Business Days after the Latest Permissible Physical 
Settlement Date; 
(vii) 
“Valuation Method” means Highest or, if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained, Market 
Value; 
(viii) “Quotation Method” means Bid;

--- Page 621 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
621 
(ix) 
“Quotation Amount” means, with respect to each type or issue of Undeliverable Deliverable 
Obligation or Undelivered Deliverable Obligation, an amount equal to the outstanding principal 
balance or Due and Payable Amount (or, in either case, its equivalent in the relevant Obligation 
Currency which shall be converted by the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable 
manner by reference to exchange rates in effect at the time that the relevant Quotation is being 
obtained), as applicable, of such Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation or Undelivered 
Deliverable Obligation, as applicable, as the case may be. The Calculation Agent may in its 
discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, round up or down the Quotation Amount 
for the purposes of seeking a Quotation; 
(x) 
“Valuation Time” means the time specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms, or if no such 
time is specified, the time specified by the Calculation Agent, which shall be as close as 
reasonably practicable to 11:00 a.m. in the principal trading market for transactions in the 
Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation or Undelivered Deliverable Obligation, as applicable, 
unless the Calculation Agent determines that the principal trading market for transactions in the 
Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation or Undelivered Deliverable Obligation, as applicable, 
would be closed at such time or such transactions are not being conducted in sufficient volume 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable 
manner) at such time, in which event the Valuation Time shall be such other time as may be 
specified by the Calculation Agent that such principal market is open; 
(xi) 
“Market Value” means, with respect to an Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation or an 
Undelivered Deliverable Obligation, as applicable, on a Valuation Date, (A) if more than three 
Full Quotations are obtained the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations, disregarding the Full 
Quotations having the same highest and lowest values (and, if more than one such Full Quotations 
have the same highest and lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall 
be disregarded); (B) if exactly three Full Quotations are obtained, the Full Quotation remaining 
after disregarding the highest and lowest Full Quotations (and, if more than one such Full 
Quotations have the same highest or lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest Full 
Quotations shall be disregarded); (C) if exactly two Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic 
mean of such Full Quotations; (D) if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained then, subject to 
sub-paragraph (B) of the definition of “Quotation” below, an amount that the Calculation Agent 
shall determine on the next Business Day on which two or more Full Quotations are obtained; 
and (E) if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained on the same Business Day on or prior to 
the tenth Business Day following the Valuation Date, the Market Value shall be any Full 
Quotation obtained from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day 
or, if no Full Quotation is obtained, the Market Value shall be determined as provided in limbs 
(B) to (D) of the definition of “Quotation” below; 
(xii) 
“Quotation” means each Full Quotation obtained and expressed as a percentage with respect to 
a Valuation Date in the manner that follows:   
(A) 
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to each 
Valuation Date from five or more Quotation Dealers. If the Calculation Agent is unable to 
obtain two or more such Full Quotations on the Valuation Date, then on the next following 
Business Day (and, if necessary, on each Business Day thereafter until the tenth Business 
Day following the relevant Valuation Date) the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain 
Full Quotations from five or more Quotation Dealers. 
(B) 
If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more Full Quotations on the same 
Business Day on or prior to the tenth Business Day following the Valuation Date, the

--- Page 622 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
622 
Quotations shall be deemed to be any Full Quotation obtained from a Quotation Dealer at 
the Valuation Time on such tenth Business Day, or, if no Full Quotation is obtained, the 
Quotations shall be deemed to be zero. 
(C) 
All Quotations shall be obtained in accordance with the specification or determination 
made pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition;  
(D) 
If any Quotation obtained with respect to an Accreting Obligation is expressed as a 
percentage of the amount payable in respect of such obligation at maturity, such Quotation 
will instead be expressed as a percentage of the outstanding principal balance (as defined 
in the definition of “Physical Redemption Assets”) for purposes of determining the Final 
Price. 
(E) 
The Calculation Agent shall determine based on the then current market practice in the 
market of the relevant Undeliverable Obligation, Undeliverable Loan Obligation, 
Undeliverable Participation, Unassignable Obligation or Undelivered Deliverable 
Obligation, whether such Quotations shall include or exclude accrued but unpaid interest. 
11 Fixed Recovery Redemption Terms 
(a) 
Redemption Amount 
Subject to Credit Linked Condition 14 (Effect of DC Resolutions), unless previously redeemed in full or 
purchased and cancelled, if Fixed Recovery Redemption is specified as the Credit Event Redemption 
Method in the relevant Issue Terms, then following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination 
Date and upon satisfaction of the Conditions to Settlement, the Applicable Proportion of each Credit 
Linked Note shall redeem in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 9 (Cash Redemption Terms), 
provided that: 
(i) 
the Final Price shall be deemed to be determined at the Fixed Recovery Percentage and the Cash 
Redemption Amount or the Final Cash Redemption Amount, as applicable, shall be determined 
using such Fixed Recovery Percentage, as further set out in the definitions of “Cash Redemption 
Amount” and “Final Cash Redemption Amount” in Credit Linked Condition 21 (Definitions); 
(ii) 
the “Final Price Determination Date” shall be the date on which the Final Price is deemed to be 
determined at the Fixed Recovery Percentage; and 
(iii) 
Single Valuation Date will be deemed to have been specified as the applicable Valuation Date on 
which the Cash Redemption Amount or the Final Cash Redemption Amount, as applicable, shall 
be determined. 
(b) 
Fixed Recovery Percentage of zero 
If the Fixed Recovery Percentage is zero, following the occurrence of a Relevant Event Determination 
Date, the occurrence of the relevant Cash Redemption Date or Final Cash Redemption Date, as 
applicable, shall fully and effectively discharge the Issuer’s obligation to redeem the Applicable 
Proportion of the relevant Note. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in such circumstance, the loss amount will be deemed to be 100 per cent. 
and, accordingly, no amounts will be payable or assets deliverable to the Noteholders. The Noteholders 
will bear the loss of their principal with respect to such proportion of the Credit Linked Notes impacted 
by the Credit Event and no liability shall attach to the Issuer.

--- Page 623 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
623 
12 Redemption upon Merger Event 
If “Redemption following Merger” is specified as being applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, in the event that 
the Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent determines, in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable 
manner, that a Merger Event has occurred, the Issuer may give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Credit Linked Condition 19 (Notices) and redeem each Credit Linked Note in full or in part on the Early 
Redemption Date at the Merger Redemption Amount (provided that if nothing is specified in the applicable 
Issue Terms, “Redemption following Merger” shall apply). 
13 Payment/Delivery Failure Event 
This Credit Linked Condition shall not apply where an Underlying RMB Currency Event has occurred (in which 
case, General Condition 6(viii) (Occurrence of an Underlying RMB Currency Event) shall apply). 
(a) 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to pay 
If an event constituting a Payment/Delivery Failure Event under limb (a) of such definition has occurred 
and exists, subject to Credit Linked Condition 13(c) (No additional interest) below, the obligation of the 
Issuer to pay the relevant amount will be postponed until such time that the Payment/Delivery Failure 
Event no longer exists or is cured (including, without limitation, where the Noteholder requests the Issuer 
in writing to make payment of such amount to such other account or to such other person as the 
Noteholder specifies and represents to the Issuer that such payment to its designee will discharge the 
Issuer’s obligations to the Noteholder in respect of such payment). Where such postponement applies, 
the Issuer shall give notice of such postponement to the Noteholders (“Payment Failure Event Notice”) 
as soon as reasonably practicable in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 19 (Notices). 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Credit Linked Conditions, if the Issuer determines (in 
its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner) that such Payment/Delivery Failure Event 
continues to exist for such number of Business Days specified in the Issue Terms or, if no number of 
Business Days is specified in the Issue Terms, 90 Business Days following the later to occur of (a) any 
scheduled payment date or the (b) Scheduled Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date, as applicable 
(the “Payment Failure Cut-Off Date”) in respect of an amount required to be paid (including where 
the Noteholder has not elected for payment to be made to a third party or other account (if applicable) 
in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 13(c) (No additional interest) above, no such payment will 
be made by the Issuer and the Issuer’s obligations to the Noteholder hereunder will be deemed to be 
fully discharged as of that date. 
(b) 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to deliver 
If an event constituting a Payment/Delivery Failure Event under limb (b) of such definition has occurred, 
the obligations of the Issuer to procure Delivery of the Physical Redemption Assets to such Noteholder 
shall, subject to Credit Linked Conditions 10(a) (Delivery of Physical Redemption Assets) and 14(d) 
(Redemption Suspension) cease and if “Fallback Cash Redemption” is specified to apply in the relevant 
Issue Terms, Cash Redemption shall be deemed to apply instead pursuant to the fallback cash redemption 
terms in Credit Linked Condition 10(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption 
Terms) with respect to the Physical Redemption Assets that cannot be Delivered on or prior to the Latest 
Permissible Physical Settlement Date and the Issuer shall pay each Noteholder each Credit Linked Note’s 
pro rata share of the Fallback Cash Redemption Amount on the Fallback Cash Redemption Date. For 
such purpose, the Physical Redemption Assets shall constitute an “Undelivered Deliverable Obligations” 
for the purposes of application of Credit Linked Condition 10(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and 
Fallback Cash Redemption Terms).

--- Page 624 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
624 
If “Fallback Cash Redemption” is not specified to apply in the relevant Issue Terms and if such 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event continues to exist on the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, 
the Issuer shall have no further liability or obligation whatsoever in respect of such Credit Linked Note 
and no obligation to deliver the Physical Redemption Assets on or after the Latest Permissible Physical 
Settlement Date. However, if the Payment/Delivery Failure Event ceases to exist or is cured prior to the 
Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date, the obligation of the Issuer to Deliver the Physical 
Redemption Assets will be postponed to a date determined by the Issuer to be no later than 10 Business 
Days following the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date (the “Final Physical Redemption Cut-
Off Date”). 
(c) 
No additional interest 
Any postponement or deemed discharge of payment pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 13 will 
not constitute a default hereunder (including for the purpose of the definition of “Events of Default”) 
and will not entitle the relevant Noteholder to any additional interest or other payment as a result thereof. 
14 Effect of DC Resolutions 
(a) 
Binding nature 
Any DC Resolution of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will be binding with 
respect to the relevant Credit Linked Notes in accordance with these Credit Linked Conditions. 
(b) 
Event Determination Dates 
(i) 
Determinations by the Calculation Agent 
A Relevant Event Determination Date which is determined by the Calculation Agent to apply to 
the Credit Linked Notes will be binding with respect to the relevant Credit Linked Notes. 
(ii) 
Reversal of DC Credit Event Announcement 
If a prior DC Resolution or the occurrence of an Event Determination Date is subsequently 
reversed prior to the relevant Auction Final Price Determination Date, a Physical Redemption 
Date, redemption of the Credit Linked Notes in full, a Valuation Date or a Delivery Date, a Credit 
Event shall be deemed not to have occurred with respect to the relevant Reference Entity for the 
purposes of these Credit Linked Conditions.  
(iii) 
Multiple successor determinations 
Where multiple successors have been determined in respect of a Reference Entity in accordance 
with Credit Linked Condition 15 (Successor Provisions), an Event Determination Date may occur 
in respect of each successor Reference Entity. 
(c) 
Determinations in respect of Successors and Substitute Reference Obligations 
If a DC Resolution relating to Successors or Substitute Reference Obligations is subsequently reversed 
after the identification of a Successor or a Substitute Reference Obligation by the Calculation Agent, 
such prior DC Resolution shall be disregarded for the purposes of these Credit Linked Conditions. 
(d) 
Redemption Suspension 
If, following the determination of a Relevant Event Determination Date but prior to the relevant Credit 
Event Redemption Date, Delivery Date or, to the extent applicable, a Valuation Date in respect of a 
Reference Entity, ISDA publicly announces that the conditions to convening a Credit Derivatives

--- Page 625 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
625 
Determinations Committee to Resolve the matters described in the relevant CE Resolution Notice are 
satisfied in accordance with the Rules, all timing requirements in these Credit Linked Conditions that 
pertain to redemption shall toll and remain suspended until such time as ISDA subsequently publicly 
announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved (a) the matters 
described in such CE Resolution Notice or (b) not to determine such matters. During such suspension 
period, the Issuer is not obliged to take any action in connection with the settlement of such Credit Event 
or the redemption, if any, of the Credit Linked Notes. Once ISDA has publicly announced that the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved (a) the matters described in the CE 
Resolution Notice or (b) not to determine such matters, the relevant timing requirements that pertain to 
redemption that have previously tolled or been suspended shall resume on the Business Day following 
such public announcement by ISDA with the Issuer having the benefit of the full day notwithstanding 
when the tolling or suspension began. The Issuer shall deliver, or cause the Fiscal Agent to deliver, a 
notice (a “Redemption Suspension Notice”) in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 19 (Notices) 
to the Noteholders giving notice of any suspension of timing requirements pursuant to this Credit Linked 
Condition 14. 
15 Successor Provisions 
(a) 
Successor Determinations 
The Calculation Agent will be responsible for determining, as soon as reasonably practicable after it 
becomes aware of the relevant Succession Event (but no earlier than 14 calendar days after the legally 
effective date of such Succession Event), and with effect from the legally effective date of the Succession 
Event, whether the relevant thresholds set forth in the definition of “Successor” have been met, or which 
entity qualifies as a Successor pursuant to paragraph (f) of the definition thereof, as applicable, provided 
that the Calculation Agent will not make such determination if, at such time, either: 
(i) 
ISDA has publicly announced that the conditions to convening a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee to Resolve the matters described in the definition of “Successor” and 
paragraphs (a) or (b)(ii) of the definition of “Succession Event Resolution Request Date” are 
satisfied in accordance with the Rules (until such time, if any, as ISDA subsequently publicly 
announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to 
determine a Successor); or  
(ii) 
ISDA has publicly announced that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
Resolved that no event constituting a Succession Event for the purposes of the Credit Linked 
Conditions has occurred.  
In calculating the percentages used to determine whether the relevant thresholds set forth in the definition 
of “Successor” have been met, or which entity qualifies as a Successor pursuant to paragraph (f) of the 
definition thereof, as applicable, the Calculation Agent shall use, with respect to each applicable 
Relevant Obligation included in such calculation, the amount of the liability with respect to such 
Relevant Obligation listed in the Best Available Information and shall notify the Issuer and Fiscal Agent 
of such calculation. 
(b) 
Substitute Reference Obligations following a Succession Event 
Where a Reference Obligation has been specified, one or more Successors to the Reference Entity have 
been identified and any one or more such Successors have not assumed the Reference Obligation, a 
Substitute Reference Obligation will be determined in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 17(a) 
(Substitute Reference Obligation).

--- Page 626 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
626 
(c) 
Transaction Types of Successor Reference Entities 
If the Transaction Type applicable to a Successor differs from the Transaction Type of the Reference 
Entity in respect of which the Successor has been identified, notwithstanding such difference, the 
Transaction Type of the Reference Entity in respect of which the Successor has been identified shall 
continue to apply to the Successor. 
(d) 
Single Successor 
Where the Calculation Agent determines that there is a single Successor in respect of a Reference Entity, 
such Successor shall be a Reference Entity for the purpose of the Notes (and, for the avoidance of doubt, 
the Reference Entity in respect of which the Successor has been identified shall cease to be a Reference 
Entity unless it has also been identified as a Successor). 
(e) 
Multiple Successors 
(i) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
Where the Credit Linked Notes are Single Name Credit Linked Notes and following a Succession 
Event in respect of a Reference Entity (such Reference Entity affected by a succession being a 
“Single Name Succession Reference Entity”), more than one Successor has been identified by 
the Calculation Agent, the Single Name Credit Linked Notes will be amended without the consent 
of the Noteholders to reflect the following terms and, to the extent applicable, the Calculation 
Agent shall apportion any outstanding nominal amount or any other relevant calculation amounts 
equally in relation to each Successor: 
(A) 
the Single Name Succession Reference Entity will no longer be a Reference Entity unless 
it is also a Successor; 
(B) 
each Successor will be a Reference Entity (each, a “Single Name Successor Entity”) and, 
accordingly, more than one Relevant Event Determination Date (and, accordingly, more 
than one Relevant Credit Event) may occur in respect of the Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes but, subject to Credit Linked Condition 7 (Restructuring), once only in relation to 
each Successor; 
(C) 
where a Relevant Credit Event and related Relevant Event Determination Date occurs in 
respect of a Single Name Successor Entity: 
(I) 
the Single Name Credit Linked Notes will not redeem in whole, but instead the 
relevant provisions of these Credit Linked Conditions shall be deemed to apply to 
the nominal amount represented by such Single Name Successor Entity only after 
the apportionment described above (the “Single Name Partial Nominal 
Amount”); 
(II) 
the Single Name Credit Linked Notes shall, thereafter, be redeemed in part in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 3(f)(i) (Auction Redemption), (ii) (Cash 
Redemption), (iii) (Physical Redemption) or (iv) (Fixed Recovery Redemption), as 
applicable (such redeemed part being equal to a Noteholder’s pro rata share of the 
Single Name Partial Nominal Amount (provided that if “Credit Payment on 
Maturity” applies such partial redemption shall occur only on the Final Auction 
Redemption Date or Final Cash Redemption Date, as applicable)); and

--- Page 627 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
627 
(III) 
the Credit Linked Conditions and/or the Issue Terms shall be construed accordingly 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, any interpretation in respect of a 
Restructuring). 
Following the occurrence of such Relevant Credit Event, the Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes shall remain outstanding in an amount equal to the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Single Name Credit Linked Notes and interest shall accrue on the 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Single Name Credit Linked Notes only 
(in accordance with these Credit Linked Conditions, adjusted in such manner as the 
Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines to be appropriate to reflect the economic effects of the identification of more 
than one Successor, considered in the aggregate); 
(D) 
if some but not all of the Single Name Credit Linked Notes are early redeeming in 
accordance with General Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase), the relevant provisions 
of these Credit Linked Conditions shall continue to apply to the Outstanding Aggregate 
Nominal Amount of the Single Name Credit Linked Notes; and 
(E) 
the provisions of this Credit Linked Condition 15(e)(i) shall apply in respect of any 
identification by the Calculation Agent of further Successors. 
(f) 
Exchange Offer 
The determinations required pursuant to the definition of “Successor” shall be made, in the case of an 
exchange offer, on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of Relevant Obligations tendered and 
accepted in the exchange and not on the basis of the outstanding principal balance of Bonds for which 
the Relevant Obligations have been exchanged. 
(g) 
Sovereign 
With respect to a Sovereign Reference Entity, “Successor” means each entity which becomes a direct or 
indirect successor to such Reference Entity by way of Succession Event, irrespective of whether any 
such successor assumes any of the obligations of such Reference Entity. Where the March 2012 
Supplement applies, notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that “Revenue Obligation Liability” is 
specified as an Obligation Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, “Successor” shall 
mean an entity or public official that (i) succeeds to the principal functions of, or powers and duties 
granted to, the Reference Entity with respect to the project, program or other enterprise from which 
revenues are derived for the payment, in whole or in part, of the Reference Obligation, and (ii) assumes 
the Reference Obligation. 
16 Deliverable Obligations 
(a) 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation 
If (i) each of “Physical Redemption” and “Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable 
Obligation Applicable” applies and (ii) “Restructuring is the only Credit Event specified in a Credit 
Event Notice delivered by the Calculation Agent, then, a Deliverable Obligation may be specified in the 
Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, if it (i) is a Fully 
Transferable Obligation and (ii) has a final maturity date not later than the Restructuring Maturity 
Limitation Date.

--- Page 628 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
628 
(b) 
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation 
(i) 
If (A) each of “Physical Redemption” and “Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation Applicable” applies and (B) Restructuring is the only 
Credit Event specified in a Credit Event Notice delivered by Issuer, then a Deliverable Obligation 
may be specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable, if it (x) is a Conditionally Transferable Obligation and (y) has a final maturity date 
not later than the applicable Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date. 
(ii) 
Where each of “Physical Redemption” and “Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation” applies and a Deliverable Obligation specified in the 
Notice of Physical Settlement (or in any NOPS Amendment Notice, if applicable) is a 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation with respect to which consent is required to novate, assign 
or transfer, then if the requisite consent is refused (whether or not a reason is given for such 
refusal and, where a reason is given for such refusal, regardless of that reason), or is not received 
by the Physical Redemption Date (in which case it shall be deemed to have been refused), the 
Calculation Agent shall inform the Issuer. The Issuer shall promptly notify the Fiscal Agent (for 
onward notification to the Noteholder) of such refusal (or deemed refusal). If a Noteholder (x) 
does not designate a third party; (y) designates a third party in circumstances where it will be 
illegal due to any applicable law or regulation for the designee to take Delivery or such Delivery 
would give rise to any tax or any loss or cost to the Issuer; or (z) a Noteholder does not take 
Delivery on or prior to the Physical Redemption Date, then Credit Linked Condition 10(h) 
(Alternative Procedures Relating to Loans not Delivered) may be applied by the Issuer. 
(c) 
Multiple Holder Obligation 
If “Multiple Holder Obligation” applies, then none of the events described in sub-paragraphs (a) to (e) 
of the definition of “Restructuring” shall constitute a Restructuring unless the Obligation is a Multiple 
Holder Obligation, where “Multiple Holder Obligation” means an Obligation that (A) at the time of 
the event which constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event is held by more than three holders that are not 
Affiliates of each other and (B) with respect to which a percentage of holders (determined pursuant to 
the terms of the Obligation as in effect on the date of such event) at least equal to sixty-six-and two-
thirds is required to consent to the event which constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event (provided that 
sub-paragraph (B) shall be deemed to be satisfied where the Obligation is a Bond). 
17 Substitute Reference Obligation 
(a) 
Substitution events 
In the event that the Calculation Agent determines that: 
(i) 
a Reference Obligation is redeemed in whole (or, where the March 2012 Supplement applies, a 
Reference Obligation is redeemed or defeased in whole in accordance with its terms); 
(ii) 
the aggregate amounts due under any Reference Obligation have been materially reduced by 
redemption or otherwise (other than due to any scheduled redemption, amortization or 
prepayments); 
(iii) 
any Reference Obligation is an Underlying Obligation with a Qualifying Guarantee of a 
Reference Entity and, other than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, the 
Qualifying Guarantee is no longer a valid and binding obligation of such Reference Entity 
enforceable in accordance with its terms; or

--- Page 629 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
629 
(iv) 
for any other reason, other than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, any 
Reference Obligation is no longer an obligation of a Reference Entity, 
the Calculation Agent may identify one or more Obligations to replace such Reference Obligation. 
(b) 
Eligible substitution 
Any Substitute Reference Obligation(s) shall be an Obligation that: 
(i) 
ranks pari passu in priority of payment with the ranking in priority of payment of each of the 
Substitute Reference Obligation and such Reference Obligation (with the ranking in priority of 
payment of such Reference Obligation being determined as of the date as of which such 
Reference Obligation was issued or incurred and not reflecting any change to such ranking in 
priority of payment after such date) (or, where the March 2012 Supplement applies, satisfies the 
“Not Subordinated” Obligation Characteristic); 
(ii) 
preserves the economic equivalent, as closely as practicable as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, of the delivery and payment obligations of the Issuer;  
(iii) 
is an obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Qualifying Affiliate 
Guarantee or, if “All Guarantees” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, as 
provider of a Qualifying Guarantee); and 
(iv) 
where the March 2012 Supplement applies, is a Full Faith and Credit Obligation Liability (if Full 
Faith and Credit Obligation Liability is specified as an Obligation Characteristic in the applicable 
Issue Terms), is a General Fund Obligation Liability (if General Fund Obligation Liability is 
specified as an Obligation Characteristic in the applicable Issue Terms), or is a Revenue 
Obligation Liability (if Revenue Obligation Liability is specified as an Obligation Characteristic 
in the applicable Issue Terms). 
The Substitute Reference Obligation(s) determined by the Calculation Agent shall, without further 
action, replace such Reference Obligation(s). 
(c) 
Process of substitution 
(i) 
If more than one specific Reference Obligation is identified as a Reference Obligation in the 
applicable Issue Terms, any of the events specified in Credit Linked Condition 17(a) (Substitution 
events) has occurred with respect to one or more but not all of the Reference Obligations, and the 
Calculation Agent determines that no Substitute Reference Obligation is available for one or more 
of such Reference Obligations, then each Reference Obligation for which no Substitute Reference 
Obligation is available will cease to be a Reference Obligation. 
(ii) 
If more than one specific Reference Obligation is identified as a Reference Obligation in the 
applicable Issue Terms, any of the events specified in Credit Linked Condition 17(a) (Substitution 
events) has occurred with respect to all of the Reference Obligations, and the Calculation Agent 
determines that at least one Substitute Reference Obligation is available for any such Reference 
Obligation, then each such Reference Obligation shall be replaced by a Substitute Reference 
Obligation and each Reference Obligation for which no Substitute Reference Obligation is 
available will cease to be a Reference Obligation. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of the identification of a Reference Obligation, any change in the Reference 
Obligation’s CUSIP or ISIN number or other similar identifier will not, in and of itself, convert 
such Reference Obligation into a different Obligation.

--- Page 630 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
630 
(d) 
Redemption following no substitution 
(i) 
If any of the events specified in Credit Linked Condition 17(a) (Substitution events) has occurred 
with respect to each specific Reference Obligation(s) identified as a Reference Obligation in the 
applicable Issue Terms, and the Calculation Agent determines that no Substitute Reference 
Obligation is available for any of the Reference Obligations, then the Calculation Agent shall 
continue to attempt to identify a Substitute Reference Obligation until the Extension Date. 
(ii) 
If (A) either “Cash Redemption” applies and the Cash Redemption Amount is determined by 
reference to a Reference Obligation or either “Auction Redemption” or “Physical Redemption” 
applies and in each case the Reference Obligation is the only Deliverable Obligation and (B) on 
or prior to the Extension Date (determined by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the 
Transaction Type of the relevant Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign (as such 
terms are defined in the 2005 Matrix Supplement), Tokyo time)), a Substitute Reference 
Obligation has not been identified, the Credit Linked Notes shall be redeemed in full or in part at 
the Substitution Event Redemption Amount. The Issuer shall deliver, or cause the Fiscal Agent 
to deliver, a notice in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 19 (Notices) to the Noteholders 
stating the occurrence of such substitution event and setting out the date on which the Credit 
Linked Notes will be redeemed in full or in part, which shall be a date not earlier than the relevant 
Substitution Event Date. 
18 Calculation Agent Determination 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent is responsible for, amongst other things: 
(i) 
determining a Successor or Successors and making any other determinations required to be made 
under Credit Linked Condition 15 (Successor Provisions); 
(ii) 
determining whether (A) the aggregate amounts due under any Reference Obligation have been 
materially reduced by redemption or otherwise (other than due to any scheduled redemption, 
amortisation or prepayments), (B) any Reference Obligation is an Underlying Obligation with a 
Qualifying Guarantee of a Reference Entity and, other than due to the existence or occurrence of 
a Credit Event, the Qualifying Guarantee is no longer a valid and binding Obligation of such 
Reference Entity enforceable in accordance with its terms, or (C) for any reason other than as 
described in (A) or (B) above and other than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, 
any Reference Obligation is no longer an Obligation of a Reference Entity; 
(iii) 
identifying and determining a Substitute Reference Obligation; 
(iv) 
in the event that multiple Credit Event Notices with respect to a Restructuring Credit Event are 
delivered pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 7 (Restructuring), making any modifications 
required pursuant to that Credit Linked Condition; 
(v) 
following the occurrence of a Restructuring, determining the Exercise Amount of Credit Linked 
Notes to which such Restructuring applies; 
(vi) 
obtaining Quotations (and, if necessary, determining whether such Quotations shall include or 
exclude accrued but unpaid interest) and determining the Final Price in accordance with the 
applicable Valuation Method; 
(vii) 
converting the Quotation Amount into the relevant Obligation Currency;

--- Page 631 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
631 
(viii) determining the Quotation Dealers (where none have been specified in the relevant Issue Terms) 
and substituting Quotation Dealers; 
(ix) 
determining the Currency Rate; 
(x) 
determining the number of Business Days in each Physical Settlement Period; 
(xi) 
determining the outstanding principal balance or Due and Payable Amount of the Deliverable 
Obligations to be included in the Physical Redemption Assets; 
(xii) 
determining the Accreted Amount of any Accreting Obligation; 
(xiii) determining any adjustment payment pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 5 (Event 
Determination Dates and Adjustment Payments);  
(xiv) determining whether the outstanding principal balance of the Valuation Obligation shall include 
or exclude accrued interest and if “Include Accrued Interest” is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms with respect to Deliverable Obligations, determining accrued but unpaid interest;  
(xv) 
determining whether a Merger Event or Substitution Event Date has occurred; and 
(xvi) interpreting any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms (including any Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms). 
(b) 
The Calculation Agent shall as soon as practicable after making any of the determinations specified in 
Credit Linked Condition 19(a)(i) to (xvi) notify the Issuer of such determination. 
(c) 
If any of the matters set out in this Credit Linked Condition 18 are decided and/or determined by a Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee, the Calculation Agent may follow such decision or 
determination to the extent such decision and/or determination is applicable to any Credit Linked Notes. 
In certain circumstances, the Calculation Agent shall be required to follow the decisions or 
determinations of a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee or determinations made by the 
Calculation Agent may be overridden by subsequent determinations made by a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee. 
(d) 
The Calculation Agent may from time to time, without obtaining the consent of the Noteholders, amend 
any provision of these Credit Linked Conditions and the applicable Issue Terms in any manner which 
the Calculation Agent determines (acting in a commercially reasonable manner) is necessary or desirable 
(i) to incorporate and/or reflect (x) further or alternative documents or protocols from time to time 
published by ISDA with respect to the documentation or redemption of Credit Linked Notes and/or (y) 
the operation or application of determinations by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees 
and/or (ii) to account for market practice to be reflected in the terms of the Credit Linked Notes. Any 
amendment made in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 18 shall be notified to the Noteholders 
in accordance with General Condition 13 (Notices). 
19 Notices 
(a) 
Interpretation 
References in these Credit Linked Conditions to a notice being delivered in accordance with General 
Condition 13 (Notices) shall include such Condition as amended by the terms of any Global Registered 
Note Certificate representing the Credit Linked Notes.

--- Page 632 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
632 
(b) 
Notices required to be delivered 
The Issuer shall deliver, or may cause the Fiscal Agent to deliver, notice to the Noteholders of the 
following, in accordance with this Credit Linked Condition 19, to the extent required to be delivered 
pursuant to the terms of the Credit Linked Notes: 
(i) 
a Credit Event Notice and, if applicable, a Notice of Publicly Available Information; 
(ii) 
a Notice of Physical Settlement and, if applicable, any NOPS Amendment Notice; 
(iii) 
a Successor Notice (provided that no Successor Notice shall be required following a 
determination by a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee that a Successor has been 
identified); 
(iv) 
the designation of any Substitute Reference Obligation (provided that (A) no such notice shall be 
required following a determination by a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee of a 
Substitute Reference Obligation has occurred and (B) that the failure of the Issuer to deliver a 
notice to the Noteholders pursuant to this Credit Linked Condition 19 shall not affect the 
effectiveness of any designation of such Substitute Reference Obligation by the Calculation 
Agent (such designation to be in accordance with these Credit Linked Conditions)); 
(v) 
a notice detailing the suspension of payment of interest pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 2 
(Interest on Credit Linked Notes); 
(vi) 
a notice detailing any adjustment payments required to be made by the Issuer pursuant to Credit 
Linked Condition 5 (Event Determination Dates and Adjustment Payments) 
(vii) 
following the determination of the Cash Redemption Amount or the Final Cash Redemption 
Amount, as applicable, with respect to any Credit Linked Notes subject to the provisions of Credit 
Linked Condition 9 (Cash Redemption Terms), the Cash Redemption Amount Notice; 
(viii) following the determination of the Auction Redemption Amount or the Final Auction Redemption 
Amount, as applicable, with respect to any Credit Linked Notes subject to the provisions of Credit 
Linked Condition 8 (Auction Redemption Terms), the Auction Redemption Amount Notice; 
(ix) 
a Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice; 
(x) 
a Redemption Suspension Notice; or 
(xi) 
a Payment Failure Event Notice. 
(c) 
Effectiveness of Notices 
(i) 
Notwithstanding this Credit Linked Condition 19, any notice required to be delivered by the 
Issuer to Noteholders in accordance with these Credit Linked Conditions shall be deemed to have 
been delivered to Noteholders upon delivery of such notice to the Fiscal Agent by the Issuer (upon 
receipt of such notice from the Calculation Agent, as applicable). The failure of the Fiscal Agent 
to deliver any such notice to Noteholders shall not affect (x) the effectiveness of any notice 
delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer and/or by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, (y) the 
effectiveness of any determinations made by any of them or (iii) the right of the Issuer to redeem 
(in whole or in part) the Credit Linked Notes pursuant to and in accordance with the relevant 
Credit Linked Condition. In addition, the failure of the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or the Fiscal 
Agent to deliver any notice or any decision by any of them to not deliver a Credit Event Notice 
shall not constitute an Event of Default under the Credit Linked Notes.

--- Page 633 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
633 
(ii) 
Notwithstanding this Credit Linked Condition 19, a notice delivered by the Issuer to the Fiscal 
Agent on or prior to 3.00 p.m. (London time) on an Issuer Business Day will be effective on such 
Issuer Business Day. A notice delivered after 3.00 p.m. (London time) on an Issuer Business Day 
will be deemed effective on the next following Issuer Business Day, regardless of the form in 
which it is delivered. 
(iii) 
Other than as specified herein, Clauses 23 (Communications) and 24 (Notices) of the Fiscal 
Agency Agreement shall apply to any relevant communications and notices delivered in 
accordance with these Credit Linked Conditions. 
20 Interpretation of Obligation Characteristics and Deliverable Obligation Characteristics 
(a) 
If the Obligation Characteristic “Listed” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the relevant Issue Terms 
shall be construed as though the relevant Obligation Characteristic had been specified as an Obligation 
Characteristic only with respect to Bonds and shall only be relevant if Bonds are covered by the selected 
Obligation Category; 
(b) 
If (i) either of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics “Listed” or “Not Bearer” is specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, the relevant Issue Terms shall be construed as though such Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic had been specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Bonds 
and shall only be relevant if Bonds are covered by the selected Deliverable Obligation Category; (ii) the 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic “Transferable” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, such Issue 
Terms shall be construed as though such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Deliverable Obligations that are not Loans 
(and shall only be relevant to the extent that obligations other than Loans are covered by the selected 
Deliverable Obligation Category); or (iii) any of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics “Assignable 
Loan”, “Consent Required Loan” or “Direct Loan Participation” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
such Issue Terms shall be construed as though such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been 
specified as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Loans and shall only be relevant 
if Loans are covered by the selected Deliverable Obligation Category; and 
(c) 
If any of “Payment”, “Borrowed Money”, Loan or Bond or Loan is specified as the Deliverable 
Obligation Category and more than one of “Assignable Loan”, “Consent Required Loan” and “Direct 
Loan Participation” are specified as Deliverable Obligation Characteristics in the relevant Issue Terms, 
the Deliverable Obligations may include any Loan that satisfies any one of such Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics specified and need not satisfy all such Deliverable Obligation Characteristics. 
(d) 
If an Obligation or a Deliverable Obligation is a Qualifying Guarantee, the following will apply: 
(i) 
for the purposes of the application of the Obligation Category or the Deliverable Obligation 
Category, the Qualifying Guarantee shall be deemed to satisfy the same category or categories as 
those that describe the Underlying Obligation; 
(ii) 
for the purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics, both the Qualifying Guarantee and the Underlying Obligation must satisfy on the 
relevant date each of the applicable Obligation Characteristics or Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics, if any, specified in the relevant Issue Terms from the following list: “Not 
Subordinated”, “Specified Currency”, “Not Sovereign Lender”, “Not Domestic Currency” and 
“Not Domestic Law”. For these purposes, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
(A) the lawful currency of any of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United Kingdom or the United

--- Page 634 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
634 
States of America or the euro shall not be a Domestic Currency and (B) the laws of England and 
the laws of the State of New York shall not be a Domestic Law. 
(iii) 
for the purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics, only the Underlying Obligation must satisfy on the relevant date each of the 
applicable Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms from the following list: “Listed”, “Not Contingent”, “Not 
Domestic Issuance”, “Assignable Loan”, “Consent Required Loan”, “Direct Loan Participation”, 
“Transferable”, “Maximum Maturity”, “Accelerated” or “Matured” and “Not Bearer”;  
(iv) 
for the purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics to an Underlying Obligation, references to the Reference Entity shall be deemed 
to refer to the Underlying Obligor; and 
(v) 
the terms “outstanding principal balance” and “Due and Payable Amount”, when used in 
connection with Qualifying Guarantees are to be interpreted to be the then “outstanding principal 
balance” or “Due and Payable Amount”, as applicable, of the Underlying Obligation which is 
supported by a Qualifying Guarantee. 
21 Definitions 
The following definitions which relate to the Credit Linked Notes should be read in conjunction with the Credit 
Linked Conditions. Where terms are used but not defined in these Credit Linked Conditions, they will have the 
meaning given to them in General Condition 1(a) (General Definitions). 
“2005 Matrix Supplement” means the 2005 Matrix Supplement to the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions, as published by ISDA on 7 March 2005. 
“Accreted Amount” means, with respect to an Accreting Obligation, an amount equal to: 
(a) 
the sum of (i) the original issue price of such obligation and (ii) the portion of the amount payable at 
maturity that has accreted in accordance with the terms of the obligation (or as otherwise described 
below); less 
(b) 
any cash payments made by the obligor thereunder that, under the terms of such obligation, reduce the 
amount payable at maturity (unless such cash payments have been accounted for in paragraph (a)(ii) 
above), 
in each case calculated as of the earlier of (x) the date on which any event occurs that has the effect of fixing 
the amount of a claim in respect of principal and (y) the Delivery Date or applicable Valuation Date, as the case 
may be. 
Such Accreted Amount shall include any accrued and unpaid periodic cash interest payments (as determined by 
the Calculation Agent) only if “Include Accrued Interest” applies. 
If an Accreting Obligation is expressed to accrete pursuant to a straight-line method or if such Obligation’s 
yield to maturity is not specified in, nor implied from, the terms of such Obligation (or, where the March 2012 
Supplement applies, if the terms of such Obligation do not express any method of accretion), then, for purposes 
of paragraph (a)(ii) above, the Accreted Amount shall be calculated using a rate equal to the yield to maturity 
of such Obligation. Such yield shall be determined on a semi-annual bond equivalent basis using the original 
issue price of such obligation and the amount payable at the scheduled maturity of such obligation, and shall be 
determined as of the earlier of (x) the date on which any event occurs that has the effect of fixing the amount 
of a claim in respect of principal and (y) the Delivery Date or applicable Valuation Date, as the case may be.

--- Page 635 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
635 
The Accreted Amount shall exclude, in the case of an Exchangeable Obligation, any amount that may be payable 
under the terms of such obligation in respect of the value of the Equity Securities for which such obligation is 
exchangeable. 
“Accreting Obligation” means any obligation (including, without limitation, a Convertible Obligation or an 
Exchangeable Obligation), the terms of which expressly provide for an amount payable upon acceleration equal 
to the original issue price (whether or not equal to the face amount thereof) plus an additional amount or amounts 
(on account of original issue discount or other accruals of interest or principal not payable on a periodic basis) 
that will or may accrete, whether or not (a) payment of such additional amounts is subject to a contingency or 
determined by reference to a formula or index, or (b) periodic cash interest is also payable, provided that where 
the March 2012 Supplement applies, “Accreting Obligation” means any obligation with an original issue price 
that is less than 95 per cent.. 
“Alternative Procedure Start Date” has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 10(h)(i) 
(Alternative Procedures Relating to Loans not Delivered). 
“Applicable Auction” means an Auction which the Calculation Agent determines is relevant to a Relevant 
Credit Event with respect to a relevant Reference Entity where the Deliverable Obligations set out on the Final 
List or the Deliverable Obligation Terms meet the Deliverable Obligation Provisions of the Credit Linked Notes 
(for which purpose the Calculation Agent may take into account without limitation (a) the applicable Credit 
Event, Transaction Type and Reference Entity, whether the Credit Derivatives Definitions applies to such 
auction, the seniority of the transactions covered by such auction, whether a representative credit derivative 
transaction in unfunded format having economically equivalent terms as the Credit Linked Notes would be 
covered (if Auction Redemption applied and an “Event Determination Date” were deemed to occur), if the 
Auction relates to a Restructuring, whether the designated ranges of scheduled termination dates covered by 
the auction would cover such representative credit derivative transaction with the same tenor as the Credit 
Linked Note and any connected DC Resolution and/or statement associated with such announcement. and (b) 
any Hedging Positions the Issuer has entered or may enter into in connection with the Credit Linked Notes that 
may impact, amongst other things, any determinations or calculations under such Credit Linked Notes).  
“Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms” means with respect to a relevant Reference 
Entity, a Credit Event and an Applicable Auction, the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms (if any) 
which the Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Credit Linked Notes (for which purpose the 
Calculation Agent may take into account without limitation (a) the applicable Credit Event, Transaction Type 
and Reference Entity, whether the Credit Derivatives Definitions applies to such auction, the seniority of the 
transactions covered by such auction, the Deliverable Obligations set out on the Final List, whether a 
representative credit derivative transaction in unfunded format having economically equivalent terms as the 
Credit Linked Notes would be covered (if Auction Redemption applied and an “Event Determination Date” 
were deemed to occur), whether the Deliverable Obligation Terms meet the Deliverable Obligation Provisions 
of the Credit Linked Notes and, if the Auction relates to a Restructuring, whether the designated ranges of 
scheduled termination dates covered by the auction would cover such representative credit derivative 
transaction with the same tenor as the Credit Linked Notes and any connected DC Resolution and/or statement 
associated with such auction settlement terms) and (b) any Hedging Positions that the Issuer has entered or may 
enter into in connection with the Notes that may impact, amongst other things, any determinations or 
calculations under such Credit Linked Notes). The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable after the 
relevant Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms are published, notify the Issuer that 
Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms have been published with respect to an Affected 
Reference Entity and a Relevant Credit Event. Copies of the Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement 
Terms are made available by ISDA at its website (www.isda.org) or any successor website).

--- Page 636 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
636 
“Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement” means a DC Credit Event Announcement which the 
Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Credit Linked Notes (for which purpose the Calculation Agent 
may take into account (a) the applicable Credit Event, Transaction Type and Reference Entity, whether the 
announcement relates to interpretation under the Credit Derivatives Definitions, the seniority of the obligation 
resulting in a credit event, the date the credit event occurred, the reference obligations in question and any 
connected DC Resolution (including in respect of the determination of a Credit Event Resolution Request Date) 
and/or statement associated with such announcement and (b) any Hedging Position that the Issuer has entered 
or may enter into in connection with the Credit Linked Notes). 
“Applicable DC No Credit Event Announcement” means a DC No Credit Event Announcement which the 
Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Credit Linked Notes (for which purpose the Calculation Agent 
may take into account without limitation (a) applicable Credit Event, Transaction Type and Reference Entity, 
whether the announcement relates to interpretation under the Credit Derivatives Definitions, the seniority of the 
obligation resulting in a credit event, the date the credit event occurred, the reference obligations in question 
and any connected DC Resolutions and/or statements associated with such announcement and (b) any Hedging 
Position that the Issuer has entered or may enter into in connection with the Credit Linked Notes that may 
impact, amongst other things, any determinations or calculations under such Credit Linked Notes). 
“Applicable Proportion” means (subject to the relevant provisions set out in Credit Linked Condition 15 
(Successor Provisions)), in respect of a Relevant Credit Event and a Single Name Credit Linked Note, the 
product of: 
(a) 
the Specified Denomination of each Single Name Credit Linked Note; and 
(b) 
if the Relevant Credit Event: 
(i) 
is not a Restructuring, 100 per cent.; or 
(ii) 
is a Restructuring, an amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (x) the Exercise Amount 
specified in the relevant Credit Event Notice relating to the relevant Reference Entity and Credit 
Event, divided by (y) the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes. 
“Applicable Resolution” means a DC Resolution of a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee which the 
Calculation Agent determines is relevant to the Credit Linked Notes (for which purpose the Calculation Agent 
may take into account without limitation (a) the applicable question submitted, the Transaction Type and 
Reference Entity, whether the announcement relates to interpretation under the Credit Derivatives Definitions, 
the obligations or seniority of the obligation(s) in question if relevant, the date the relevant event is stated to 
have occurred, the reference obligations in question and any connected DC Resolution and/or statement 
associated with such announcement and (b) any Hedging Position that the Issuer has entered or may enter into 
in connection with the Credit Linked Notes). 
“Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms” means, with respect to a relevant Reference Entity and 
a Credit Event, the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms which the Calculation Agent 
determines constitute Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
“Auction” means, with respect to a relevant Reference Entity and a Relevant Credit Event, unless otherwise 
specified in the Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms, an auction pursuant to which an Auction 
Final Price is to be determined in accordance with the auction procedure set out in the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
“Auction Cancellation Date” means, with respect to an Auction, unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms, the date on which such Auction was deemed to have been 
cancelled as announced by ISDA (and/or the administrators specified in the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction

--- Page 637 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
637 
Settlement Terms) on its website or such other date as determined and announced in accordance with the 
relevant Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms.  
“Auction Final Price” means, with respect to an Applicable Auction, unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms, the price (expressed as a percentage) in respect of the 
deliverable obligations which would constitute Reference Obligation(s) and/or Deliverable Obligation(s) under 
the Credit Linked Notes. The Auction Final Price with respect to a Reference Entity and a related Credit Event 
can 
be 
obtained 
at 
the 
auction 
administrator’s 
website 
at 
http://www.creditfixings.com/CreditEventAuctions/fixings.jsp or any successor website. 
“Auction Final Price Determination Date” means, with respect to an Applicable Auction, the day, if any, on 
which the Auction Final Price is determined or such other date as specified in the relevant Applicable 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms. 
“Auction Redemption Amount” means, in respect of each Single Name Credit Linked Note, unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the product of: 
(A) 
the Applicable Proportion; and 
(B) 
the Auction Final Price; minus 
(ii) 
each Credit Linked Note’s pro rata share of the Unwind Costs, if any. 
“Auction Redemption Amount Notice” means a notice in writing specifying the Auction Redemption Amount 
relating to any Relevant Credit Event and the related Final Auction Redemption Amount, including the Auction 
Final Price and the Unwind Costs, if any. 
“Auction Redemption Date” means the date that is the number of Business Days specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms (or, if a number of Business Days is not so specified, five Business Days) following the date on which 
the Issuer delivers the Auction Redemption Amount Notice to the Fiscal Agent. 
“Bankruptcy” means a Reference Entity: 
(a) 
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(b) 
becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a judicial, regulatory or 
administrative proceeding or filing its inability generally to pay its debts as they become due; 
(c) 
makes a general assignment, arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors; 
(d) 
institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any 
other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a 
petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition 
instituted or presented against it, such proceeding or petition: 
(i) 
results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making 
of an order for its winding-up or liquidation; or 
(ii) 
is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within 30 calendar days of the 
institution or presentation thereof;

--- Page 638 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
638 
(e) 
has a resolution passed for its winding-up, official management or liquidation (other than pursuant to a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger); 
(f) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, 
receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; 
(g) 
has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, 
attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially 
all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, 
discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within 30 calendar days thereafter; or 
(h) 
causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, 
has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in paragraphs (a) to (g) of this definition. 
“Best Available Information” means: 
(a) 
in the case of a Reference Entity which files information with its primary securities regulator or primary 
stock exchange that includes unconsolidated, pro forma financial information which assumes that the 
relevant Succession Event has occurred or which provides such information to its shareholders, creditors 
or other persons whose approval of the Succession Event is required, that unconsolidated, pro forma 
financial information and, if provided subsequently to the provision of unconsolidated, pro forma 
financial information but before the Calculation Agent makes its determination for the purposes of Credit 
Linked Condition 15 (Successor Provisions), other relevant information that is contained in any written 
communication provided by the Reference Entity to its primary securities regulator, primary stock 
exchange, shareholders, creditors or other persons whose approval of the Succession Event is required; 
or 
(b) 
in the case of a Reference Entity which does not file with its primary securities regulators or primary 
stock exchange, and which does not provide to shareholders, creditors or other persons whose approval 
of the Succession Event is required, the information contemplated in paragraph (a) above, the best 
publicly available information at the disposal of the Calculation Agent to allow it to make a 
determination for the purposes of Credit Linked Condition 15 (Successor Provisions). 
Information which is made available more than 14 calendar days after the legally effective date of the 
Succession Event shall not constitute Best Available Information. 
“Cash Redemption Amount” means, in respect of each Single Name Credit Linked Note, unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the product of: 
(A) 
the Applicable Proportion; and 
(B) 
(I) the Final Price or (II) where “Fixed Recovery Redemption” is applicable, the Fixed 
Recovery Percentage; minus 
(ii) 
each Credit Linked Note’s pro rata share of the Unwind Costs, if any. 
“Cash Redemption Amount Notice” means a notice in writing specifying the Cash Redemption Amount 
relating to any Relevant Credit Event and the related Final Cash Redemption Amount, including the Final Price 
and Unwind Costs, if any, together with (i) the Valuation Obligation(s) which were the subject of the Quotation,

--- Page 639 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
639 
(ii) the Valuation Date, (iii) the Quotation Amount, (iv) each such Quotation that it received in connection with 
the calculation of the Final Price and (v) a written computation showing such calculation. 
“Cash Redemption Date” means the date that is the number of Business Days specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms (or, if a number of Business Days is not so specified, five Business Days) following the date on which 
the Issuer delivers the Cash Redemption Amount Notice to the Fiscal Agent.  
“Conditionally Transferable Obligation” means a Deliverable Obligation that is either Transferable, in the 
case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Modified Eligible Transferees without the consent 
of any person being required, in the case of any Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds, provided, however, 
that a Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds will be a Conditionally Transferable Obligation notwithstanding 
that consent of the relevant Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of a Deliverable Obligation other than 
Bonds (or the consent of the relevant obligor if the relevant Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Deliverable 
Obligation) or any agent is required for such novation, assignment or transfer, so long as the terms of such 
Deliverable Obligation provide that such consent may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Any 
requirement that notification of novation, assignment or transfer of a Deliverable Obligation be provided to a 
trustee, administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent for a Deliverable Obligation shall not be considered 
to be a requirement for consent for the purposes of this definition of “Conditionally Transferable Obligation”. 
For purposes of determining whether a Deliverable Obligation satisfies the requirements of this definition of 
“Conditionally Transferable Obligation”, such determination shall be made as of the Delivery Date for the 
Deliverable Obligation, taking into account only the terms of the Deliverable Obligation and any related transfer 
or consent documents which have been obtained by the Issuer. 
The “Conditions to Settlement” shall be deemed to be satisfied by the occurrence of an Event Determination 
Date to the extent that such Event Determination Date is not subsequently reversed prior to the Auction Final 
Price Determination Date, a Valuation Date, a Physical Redemption Date (or, if earlier, a Delivery Date) or the 
Extended Maturity Date, unless “Physical Redemption” applies, in which case all of the Conditions to 
Settlement shall be deemed to be satisfied by the Notice of Physical Settlement Condition to Settlement on or 
following the occurrence of an Event Determination Date. 
“Convertible Obligation” means any obligation that is convertible, in whole or in part, into Equity Securities 
solely at the option of holders of such obligation or a trustee or similar agent acting for the benefit only of 
holders of such obligation (or the cash equivalent thereof, whether the cash settlement option is that of the issuer 
or of (or for the benefit of) the holders of such obligation). 
“Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms” means any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms 
published by ISDA, in accordance with the Rules, a form of which will be published by ISDA on its website at 
www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto) from time to time and may be amended from time to time in 
accordance with the Rules. The Calculation Agent shall be authorised to construe any Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms (including any Transaction Auction Settlement Terms or Parallel Auction Settlement 
Terms) in such manner as it shall determine in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, to be 
necessary in order to give effect to the meaning of any word or expression used herein which is defined by 
reference to such Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
“Credit Derivatives Definitions” means the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, as published by ISDA 
and as supplemented by the 2005 Matrix Supplement[, the March 2009 ISDA Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees and Auction Settlement Supplement to the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions] and the July 
2009 ISDA Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees, Auction Settlement and Restricting Supplement to 
the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions.

--- Page 640 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
640 
“Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees” means the committees established by ISDA for the 
purposes of reaching certain DC Resolutions, as more fully described in the Rules.  
“Credit Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following Credit Events as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms: Bankruptcy, Failure to Pay, Obligation Acceleration, Obligation Default, 
Repudiation/Moratorium or Restructuring. If an occurrence would otherwise constitute a Credit Event, such 
occurrence will constitute a Credit Event whether or not such occurrence arises directly or indirectly from, or 
is subject to a defence based upon: 
(a) 
any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of the relevant Reference Entity to enter into any 
Obligation or, as applicable, an Underlying Obligor to enter into any Underlying Obligation; 
(b) 
any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect to any 
Obligation or, as applicable, any Underlying Obligation, however described; 
(c) 
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the promulgation of, or 
any change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or similar administrative or 
judicial body with competent or apparent jurisdiction of any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or 
notice, however described; or 
(d) 
the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any other similar 
restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority, however described. 
“Credit Event Backstop Date” means, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms to be the Trade 
Date or the Issue Date: 
(a) 
for the purposes of any event that constitutes a Credit Event (or, with respect to a 
Repudiation/Moratorium, if applicable, the event described in sub-paragraph (b) of the definition 
thereof), as determined by DC Resolution, the date that is 60 calendar days prior to the Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date; or 
(b) 
otherwise, the date that is 60 calendar days prior to the earlier of: 
(i) 
the first date on which both the Credit Event Notice and, if applicable, the Notice of Publicly 
Available Information are delivered by a notifying party to the other party and are effective during 
the Notice Delivery Period; and  
(ii) 
in circumstances where (A) the conditions to convening a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee to Resolve the matters described in the CE Resolution Notice are satisfied in 
accordance with the Rules, (B) the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
Resolved not to determine such matters and (C) the Credit Event Notice and, if applicable, the 
Notice of Publicly Available Information are delivered by a notifying party to the other party and 
are effective not more than 14 calendar days after the day on which ISDA publicly announces 
that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to determine 
such matters, the Credit Event Resolution Request Date. 
The Credit Event Backstop Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day 
Convention. 
“Credit Event Notice” means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer for onward 
delivery to the Fiscal Agent and the Noteholders, which the Calculation Agent has the right (but not the 
obligation) to deliver, which: 
(a) 
identifies the Series of Credit Linked Notes to which the Credit Event Notice relates;

--- Page 641 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
641 
(b) 
states the Calculation Agent’s intention for the Issuer to redeem the relevant Credit Linked Notes by the 
Applicable Proportion thereof, in accordance with the relevant Credit Event Redemption Method and 
the applicable Fallback Redemption Method; and 
(c) 
describes a Credit Event that occurred on or after the Credit Event Backstop Date (determined by 
reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the relevant Reference Entity is Japan 
Corporate or Japan Sovereign (as such terms are defined in the 2005 Matrix Supplement), Tokyo time)) 
and on or prior to the Extension Date (determined by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the 
Transaction Type of the relevant Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign (as such terms 
are defined in the 2005 Matrix Supplement), Tokyo time)). 
A Credit Event Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination 
that a Relevant Credit Event has occurred. The Relevant Credit Event that is the subject of the Credit Event 
Notice need not be continuing on the date the Credit Event Notice is effective. 
“Credit Event Redemption Amount” means the Auction Redemption Amount or the Cash Redemption 
Amount. 
“Credit Event Redemption Date” means, in respect of Single Name Credit Linked Notes: 
(a) 
if “Credit Payment following Credit Event” applies, the Auction Redemption Date or the Cash 
Redemption Date; 
(b) 
if “Credit Payment on Maturity” applies, the Final Auction Redemption Date or the Final Cash 
Redemption Date; or 
(c) 
if “Physical Redemption” applies, the Physical Redemption Date. 
“Credit Event Redemption Method” means, in respect of Single Name Credit Linked Notes, Auction 
Redemption, Cash Redemption, Physical Redemption or Fixed Recovery Redemption, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms. 
“Credit Event Resolution Request Date” means, with respect to a CE Resolution Notice, the date, as publicly 
announced by ISDA, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to be the first 
date on which such CE Resolution Notice was effective and on which the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee was in possession, in accordance with the Rules, of Publicly Available Information 
with respect to the DC Resolutions referred to in such CE Resolution Notice. 
“Credit Linked Note” means a Single Name Credit Linked Note. 
“Credit Payment on Maturity Amount” means, on any day, if “Credit Payment on Maturity” applies, the 
aggregate of all Cash Redemption Amounts calculated on such day. 
“Currency Amount” means, with respect to (a) a Deliverable Obligation specified in a Notice of Physical 
Settlement that is denominated in a currency other than the Settlement Currency, an amount converted to the 
Settlement Currency using a conversion rate determined by reference to the Currency Rate and (b) a 
Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a NOPS Amendment Notice, an amount converted to the 
Settlement Currency (or, if applicable, back into the Settlement Currency) using a conversion rate determined 
by reference to the Currency Rate, if any, and each Revised Currency Rate used to convert each Replaced 
Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount specified in each NOPS Amendment Notice into the currency of 
denomination of the relevant Replacement Deliverable Obligation. 
“Currency Rate” means with respect to (a) a Deliverable Obligation specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, the rate of conversion between the Settlement

--- Page 642 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
642 
Currency and the currency in which the Outstanding Amount of such Deliverable Obligation is denominated 
that is either (i) determined by reference to the Currency Rate Source as at the Next Currency Fixing Time or 
(ii) if such rate is not available at such time, as the Calculation Agent shall determine and (b) a Replacement 
Deliverable Obligation specified in a NOPS Amendment Notice, the Revised Currency Rate. 
“Currency Rate Source” means the mid-point rate of conversion published by WM/Reuters at 4:00 p.m. 
(London time), or any successor rate source approved by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee. 
“CUSIP” means, with respect to a security, the “CUSIP” identification number assigned to such security (if 
any). 
“DC Credit Event Announcement” means, with respect to the relevant Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by ISDA that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that: 
(a) 
an event that constitutes a Credit Event has occurred with respect to such Reference Entity (or an 
Obligation thereof); and 
(b) 
such event occurred on or after the Credit Event Backstop Date (determined by reference to Greenwich 
Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the relevant Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan 
Sovereign (as such terms are defined in the 2005 Matrix Supplement), Tokyo time)) and on or prior to 
the Extension Date (determined by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of 
the relevant Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign (as such terms are defined in the 
2005 Matrix Supplement), Tokyo time)). 
A DC Credit Event Announcement will be deemed not to have occurred unless (i) the Credit Event Resolution 
Request Date with respect to such Credit Event occurred on or prior to the end of the last day of the Notice 
Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date) and (ii) the Trade Date occurs on or prior to the Auction 
Final Price Determination Date, the Auction Cancellation Date, or the date that is 21 calendar days following 
the No Auction Announcement Date, if any, as applicable.  
“DC No Credit Event Announcement” means, with respect to the relevant Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by ISDA that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved, 
following a Credit Event Resolution Request Date, that the event that is the subject of the CE Resolution Notice 
resulting in the occurrence of such Credit Event Resolution Request Date does not constitute a Credit Event 
with respect to such Reference Entity (or an Obligation thereof). 
“DC Party” has the meaning given to that term in the Rules.  
“DC Resolution” means a resolution of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee in accordance with 
the definition of “Resolve” below. 
“Default Requirement” means the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or its equivalent in the 
relevant Obligation Currency (or, if no such amount is specified, USD 10,000,000 or its equivalent in the 
relevant Obligation Currency) in either case, as of the occurrence of the Relevant Credit Event. 
“Deliver” means to deliver, novate, transfer (including, in the case of a Qualifying Guarantee, transfer of the 
benefit of the Qualifying Guarantee), assign or sell, as appropriate, in the manner customary for the settlement 
of the applicable Deliverable Obligations (which shall include executing all necessary documentation and 
taking any other necessary actions): 
(a) 
in order to convey all right, title and interest in the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, to the relevant Noteholder; and

--- Page 643 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
643 
(b) 
free and clear of any and all liens, charges, claims or encumbrances (including, without limitation, any 
counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence based on the factors set forth in paragraphs 
(a) to (d) of the definition of “Credit Event”) or right of set-off by or of the relevant Reference Entity or 
any applicable Underlying Obligor), 
provided that: 
(i) 
if a Deliverable Obligation is a Direct Loan Participation, “Deliver” means to create (or procure 
the creation of) a participation in favour of the relevant Noteholder; and 
(ii) 
if a Deliverable Obligation is a Qualifying Guarantee, “Deliver” means to Deliver both the 
Underlying Obligation and the Qualifying Guarantee. 
“Delivery” and “Delivered” will be construed accordingly. 
In the case of a Loan, Delivery shall be effected using documentation substantially in the form of the 
documentation customarily used in the relevant market for Delivery of such Loan at that time, provided further 
that each of the Issuer and each Noteholder agrees to comply with the provisions of any documentation (which 
shall be deemed to include any market advisory that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
Resolves to approve for such purpose) that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves 
constitutes documentation customarily used in the relevant market for Delivery of such Loan at that time, as 
such documentation may be amended to the extent the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
Resolves is appropriate, which is consistent with the delivery and payment obligations of the parties hereunder. 
The Issuer and each Noteholder further agrees that compliance by it with the provisions of any such 
documentation, shall be required for, and, without further action, constitute, Delivery for the purposes of this 
definition (to the extent that such documentation contains provisions describing how Delivery should be 
effected) and neither the Issuer nor any Noteholder shall be permitted to request that the other take, nor shall it 
be required to take any action under Credit Linked Condition 10(b) (Physical Redemption Assets) unless 
otherwise contemplated by such documentation. 
“Deliverable Obligation” means, subject to Credit Linked Conditions 16(a) and (b)(i): 
(a) 
any obligation of a Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee, 
or if “All Guarantees” applies, as provider of any Qualifying Guarantee) determined pursuant to the 
“Method for determining Deliverable Obligations” below (but excluding any Excluded Deliverable 
Obligation) that (i) is payable in an amount equal to its outstanding principal balance or Due and Payable 
Amount, as applicable, (ii) is not subject to any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or 
defence based on the factors set forth in paragraphs (a) to (d) of the definition of “Credit Event” or right 
of set off by or of a Reference Entity or any applicable Underlying Obligor and (iii) in the case of a 
Qualifying Guarantee other than a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee, is capable, at the Delivery Date, of 
immediate assertion or demand by or on behalf of the holder or holders against the Reference Entity for 
an amount at least equal to the outstanding principal balance or Due and Payable Amount being 
Delivered apart from the giving of any notice of non-payment or similar procedural requirement, it being 
understood that acceleration of an Underlying Obligation shall not be considered a procedural 
requirement; 
(b) 
subject to the second paragraph of paragraph (A)(II)(I) below each Reference Obligation of the relevant 
Reference Entity, unless specified to be an Excluded Deliverable Obligation; 
(c) 
solely in relation to a Restructuring Credit Event applicable to a Sovereign Reference Entity, any 
Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation (but excluding any Excluded Deliverable Obligation) 
that (i) is payable in an amount equal to its outstanding principal balance or Due and Payable Amount,

--- Page 644 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
644 
as applicable, (ii) is not subject to any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence based 
on the factors set forth in paragraphs (a) to (d) of the definition of “Credit Event” or right of set off by 
or of a Reference Entity or, as applicable, any applicable Underlying Obligor and (iii) in the case of a 
Qualifying Guarantee other than a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee, is capable, at the Delivery Date, of 
immediate assertion or demand by or on behalf of the holder or holders against the Reference Entity for 
an amount at least equal to the outstanding principal balance or Due and Payable Amount being 
Delivered apart from the giving of any notice of non-payment or similar procedural requirement, it being 
understood that acceleration of an Underlying Obligation shall not be considered a procedural 
requirement; and 
(d) 
any other obligation of the Reference Entity specified as such in the applicable Issue Terms. 
(A) 
Method for determining Deliverable Obligations 
For the purposes of this definition of “Deliverable Obligation”, a Deliverable Obligation shall be each 
Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity described by the Deliverable Obligation Category specified 
in the relevant Issue Terms, and, subject to Credit Linked Condition 20 (Interpretation of Obligation 
Characteristics and Deliverable Obligation Characteristics), having each of the Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics, if any, specified in the relevant Issue Terms, in each case, as of the Delivery Date. The 
following terms shall have the following meanings: 
(I) 
“Deliverable Obligation Category” means one of Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference 
Obligations Only, Bond, Loan, or Bond or Loan (each as defined in the definition of “Obligation” 
below, except that, for the purposes of determining Deliverable Obligations, the definition of 
“Reference Obligations Only” shall be amended to state that no Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics shall be applicable to Reference Obligations Only). 
(II) 
“Deliverable Obligation Characteristics” means any one or more of Not Subordinated, 
Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed, 
Not Contingent, Not Domestic Issuance, (each as defined in the definition of “Obligation” 
below), Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan, Direct Loan Participation, Transferable, 
Maximum Maturity, Accelerated or Matured, Not Bearer and where the March 2012 Supplement 
applies, Full Faith and Credit Obligation Liability, General Fund Obligation Liability and 
Revenue Obligation Liability.  
(1) 
“Not Contingent” means any obligation having as of the Delivery Date and all times 
thereafter an outstanding principal balance or, in the case of obligations that are not 
Borrowed Money, a Due and Payable Amount, that pursuant to the terms of such 
obligation may not be reduced as a result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event 
or circumstance (other than payment). A Convertible Obligation, an Exchangeable 
Obligation and an Accreting Obligation shall satisfy the Not Contingent Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic if such Convertible Obligation, Exchangeable Obligation or 
Accreting Obligation otherwise meets the requirements of the preceding sentence so long 
as, in the case of a Convertible Obligation or an Exchangeable Obligation, the right (x) to 
convert or exchange such obligation or (y) to require the issuer to purchase or redeem such 
obligation (if the issuer has exercised or may exercise the right to pay the purchase or 
redemption price, in whole or in part, in Equity Securities) has not been exercised (or such 
exercise has been effectively rescinded) on or before the Delivery Date. 
If a Reference Obligation is a Convertible Obligation or an Exchangeable Obligation, then 
such Reference Obligation may be included as a Deliverable Obligation only if the rights

--- Page 645 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
645 
referred to in sub-paragraphs (x) and (y) above have not been exercised (or such exercise 
has been effectively rescinded) on or before the Delivery Date. 
(2) 
“Accelerated or Matured” means an obligation under which the total amount owed, 
whether at maturity, by reason of acceleration, upon termination or otherwise (other than 
amounts in respect of default interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups and other similar 
amounts) is, or on or prior to the Delivery Date will be, due and payable in full in 
accordance with the terms of such obligation, or would have been but for, and without 
regard to, any limitation imposed under any applicable insolvency laws; 
(3) 
“Assignable Loan” means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated to, at a 
minimum, commercial banks or financial institutions (irrespective of their jurisdiction of 
organisation) that are not then a lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate, 
without the consent of the relevant Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan 
(or the consent of the applicable borrower if the relevant Reference Entity is guaranteeing 
such Loan) or any agent; 
(4) 
“Consent Required Loan” means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated 
with the consent of the Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the 
consent of the relevant borrower if the relevant Reference Entity is guaranteeing such 
Loan) or any agent; 
(5) 
“Direct Loan Participation” means a Loan in respect of which, pursuant to a 
participation agreement, Issuer is capable of creating, or procuring the creation of, a 
contractual right in favour of each Noteholder that provides each such Noteholder with 
recourse to the participation seller for a specified share in any payments due under the 
relevant Loan which are received by such participation seller, any such agreement to be 
entered into between each such Noteholder and either (A) the Issuer and/or any of its 
Affiliates, as the case may be (to the extent the Issuer and/or any such Affiliate, as 
applicable, is then a lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate), or (B) any 
lender or member of the relevant lending syndicate nominated by the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent; 
(6) 
“Maximum Maturity” means an obligation that has a remaining maturity from the 
Physical Settlement Date of not greater than the period specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms; 
(7) 
“Not Bearer” means any obligation that is not a bearer instrument unless interests with 
respect to such bearer instrument are cleared via the Euroclear system, Clearstream 
International or any other internationally recognised clearing system; and 
(8) 
“Transferable” means an obligation that is transferable to institutional investors without 
any contractual, statutory or regulatory restriction provided that none of the following 
shall be considered contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions: 
(a) 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions that provide for eligibility for resale 
pursuant to Rule 144A or Regulation S promulgated under the U.S. Securities Act 
of 1933, as amended (and any contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions 
promulgated under the laws of any jurisdiction having a similar effect in relation 
to the eligibility for resale of an obligation); or 
(b) 
restrictions on permitted investments such as statutory or regulatory investment 
restrictions on insurance companies and pension funds.

--- Page 646 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
646 
“Deliverable Obligation Notice” has the meaning given to it in Credit Linked Condition 10(a)(iii)(B) (Delivery 
of Physical Redemption Assets). 
“Deliverable Obligation Provisions” means the provisions of the Credit Linked Notes that specify criteria for 
establishing what obligations may constitute Deliverable Obligations. 
“Deliverable Obligation Terms” has the meaning set out in the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement 
Terms. 
“Delivery Date” means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation, the date on which such Deliverable 
Obligation is Delivered. 
“Delivery Expenses” means all costs, taxes (including transaction taxes), duties and/or expenses, including 
stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax and/or other costs, duties or taxes arising from the delivery of the Physical 
Redemption Assets. 
“Domestic Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms and any successor 
currency. If no currency is so specified, the Domestic Currency shall be the lawful currency and any successor 
currency of (a) the relevant Reference Entity, if the relevant Reference Entity is a Sovereign, or (b) the 
jurisdiction in which the relevant Reference Entity is organised, if the Reference Entity is not a Sovereign). In 
no event shall Domestic Currency include any successor currency if such successor currency is the lawful 
currency of any of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the United Kingdom or the United States of America or the euro 
(or any successor currency to any such currency). 
“Domestic Law” means the laws of (a) the relevant Reference Entity, if such Reference Entity is a Sovereign, 
or (b) the jurisdiction of organization of the relevant Reference Entity, if such Reference Entity is not a 
Sovereign. 
“Downstream Affiliate” means an entity whose outstanding Voting Shares were, at the date of issuance of the 
Qualifying Guarantee, more than 50 per cent. owned, directly or indirectly, by the relevant Reference Entity. 
“Due and Payable Amount” means an amount equal to: 
(a) 
the amount that is due and payable under (and in accordance with the terms of) a Deliverable Obligation, 
whether by reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise (excluding sums in respect of 
default interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups and other similar amounts); less 
(b) 
the Unwind Costs, the Delivery Expenses and Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount (in each case, if 
any), 
in each case determined in accordance with the terms in effect on either (I) the Delivery Date or (II) the 
Valuation Date, as applicable. 
“Eligible Transferee” means: 
(a) 
any: 
(i) 
bank or other financial institution; 
(ii) 
insurance or reinsurance company; 
(iii) 
mutual fund, unit trust or similar collective investment vehicle (other than an entity specified in 
sub-paragraph (c)(i) of this definition); and 
(iv) 
registered or licensed broker or dealer (other than a natural person or proprietorship), 
provided, however, in each case that such entity has total assets of at least USD 500,000,000;

--- Page 647 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
647 
(b) 
an Affiliate of an entity specified in the paragraph (a) of this definition; 
(c) 
each of a corporation, partnership, proprietorship, organisation, trust or other entity: 
(i) 
that is an investment vehicle (including, without limitation, any hedge fund, issuer of 
collateralised debt obligation, commercial paper conduit or other special purpose vehicle) that 
(A) has total assets of at least USD 100,000,000 or (B) is one of a group of investment vehicles 
under common control or management having, in the aggregate, total assets of at least USD 
100,000,000; 
(ii) 
that has total assets of at least USD 500,000,000; or 
(iii) 
the obligations of which under an agreement, contract or transaction are guaranteed or otherwise 
supported by a letter of credit or keepwell, support or other agreement by an entity described in 
sub-paragraph (a), (b), (c)(ii) or (d) of this definition; and 
(d) 
 
(i) 
a Sovereign; 
(ii) 
a Sovereign Agency or a Supranational Organization. 
All references in this definition of “Eligible Transferee” to USD include equivalent amounts in other currencies. 
“Equity Securities” means: 
(a) 
in the case of a Convertible Obligation, equity securities (including options and warrants) of the issuer 
of such obligation or depositary receipts representing those equity securities of the issuer of such 
obligation together with any other property distributed to or made available to holders of those equity 
securities from time to time; and 
(b) 
in the case of an Exchangeable Obligation, equity securities (including options and warrants) of a person 
other than the issuer of such obligation or depositary receipts representing those equity securities of a 
person other than the issuer of such obligation together with any other property distributed to or made 
available to holders of those equity securities from time to time. 
“Enabling Obligation” means an outstanding Deliverable Obligation that: 
(a) 
is a Fully Transferable Obligation or a Conditionally Transferable Obligation, as applicable; and 
(b) 
has a final maturity date occurring on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date and following the 
Limitation Date immediately preceding the Scheduled Maturity Date (or, in circumstances where the 
Scheduled Maturity Date occurs prior to the 2.5-year Limitation Date, following the final maturity date 
of the Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan, if any). 
“Euroclear” means Euroclear Bank SA/NV. 
“Event Determination Date” means, with respect to a Relevant Credit Event: 
(a) 
subject to paragraph (b) of this definition, if neither a DC Credit Event Announcement nor a DC No 
Credit Event Announcement has occurred, the first date on which both the Credit Event Notice and, if 
applicable, the Notice of Publicly Available Information are delivered and are effective during either: 
(i) 
the Notice Delivery Period; or  
(ii) 
the period from, and including, the date on which ISDA publicly announces that the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to determine the matters

--- Page 648 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
648 
described in the relevant CE Resolution Notice to, and including, the date that is 14 calendar days 
thereafter (provided that the relevant Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurred on or prior 
to the end of the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date)); or 
(b) 
notwithstanding paragraph (a) of this definition, if a DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred, 
either: 
(i) 
the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, if either: 
(I) 
 
(A) 
“Single Notifying Party Event Determination Date” is not specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms;  
(B) 
the Credit Event is not a Restructuring and where the March 2012 Supplement 
applies, either “Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable 
Obligation Applicable” or “Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation Applicable” applies; and  
(C) 
either:  
(y) 
if “Auction Redemption” applies, the Trade Date occurs on or prior to the 
Auction Final Price Determination Date, the Auction Cancellation Date, or 
the date that is 21 calendar days following the No Auction Announcement 
Date, if any, as applicable; or  
(z) 
if “Auction Redemption” does not apply, the Trade Date occurs on or prior 
to the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement; or  
(II) 
 
(A) 
either:  
(y) 
“Single Notifying Party Event Determination Date” is specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and “Auction Redemption” applies; 
or  
(z) 
the Credit Event is a Restructuring and where the March 2012 Supplement 
applies, either “Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable 
Obligation Applicable” or “Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation Applicable” applies; and  
(B) 
the Credit Event Notice is delivered by a notifying party to the other party and is 
effective on or prior to the Exercise Cut-off Date; 
(ii) 
the first date on which the Credit Event Notice is delivered by a notifying party to the other party 
and is effective during the (i) Notice Delivery Period or (ii) the period from, and including, the 
date on which ISDA publicly announces the occurrence of the relevant DC Credit Event 
Announcement to, and including, the date that is 14 calendar days thereafter (provided that the 
relevant Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurred on or prior to the end of the last day of 
the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date)), if either: 
(I) 
 
(A) 
“Single Notifying Party Event Determination Date” is not specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms;

--- Page 649 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
649 
(B) 
the Credit Event is not a Restructuring and where the March 2012 Supplement 
applies, either “Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable 
Obligation Applicable” or “Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation Applicable” applies;  
(C) 
“Auction Redemption” does not apply; and  
(D) 
the Trade Date occurs following the relevant DC Credit Event Announcement; or 
(II) 
 
(A) 
“Single Notifying Party Event Determination Date” is specified to be applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms; and  
(B) 
either:  
(y) 
“Auction Redemption” does not apply; or  
(z) 
if “Auction Redemption” applies, the Credit Event Notice is delivered by a 
Notifying Party to the other party and is effective on a date that is later than 
the relevant Exercise Cut-off Date; 
provided that in the case of paragraph (b) above: 
(1) 
no Physical Redemption Date or full redemption of the Credit Linked Notes has occurred 
on or prior to the date on which the Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement occurs; 
(2) 
if any Valuation Date or Delivery Date, as applicable, in respect of the relevant Reference 
Entity has occurred as of the date on which the Applicable DC Credit Event 
Announcement occurs, an Event Determination Date shall be deemed to have occurred 
only with respect to the portion of the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit 
Linked Notes to which the Event Determination Date relates, if any, with respect to which 
no Valuation Date or Delivery Date, as applicable, has occurred; and 
(3) 
no Credit Event Notice specifying a Restructuring as the only Credit Event has previously 
been delivered by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer for onward delivery to the Fiscal 
Agent and Noteholders, (aa) unless the Restructuring specified in such Credit Event 
Notice is also the subject of the relevant CE Resolution Notice resulting in the occurrence 
of the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, (bb) unless the Exercise Amount specified 
in any such Credit Event Notice was less than the then Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the relevant Credit Linked Notes. 
If no election is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, “Single Notifying Party Event 
Determination Date” shall not apply. 
“Exchangeable Obligation” means any obligation that is exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Equity 
Securities solely at the option of holders of such obligation or a trustee or similar agent acting for the benefit 
only of holders of such obligation (or the cash equivalent thereof, whether the cash settlement option is that of 
the issuer or of (or for the benefit of) the holders of such obligation). 
“Excluded Deliverable Obligation” means any Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity specified as such 
or of a type described in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Excluded Obligation” means any Obligation of a relevant Reference Entity specified as such or of a type 
described in the relevant Issue Terms.

--- Page 650 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
650 
“Exercise Amount” has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 7 (Restructuring). 
“Exercise Cut-off Date” means with respect to a Credit Event: 
(a) 
if such Credit Event is not a Restructuring (or if such Credit Event is a Restructuring, such Restructuring 
has occurred with respect to a Series for which neither “Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully 
Transferable Obligation Applicable” nor “Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation Applicable” applies), either: 
(i) 
the Relevant City Business Day prior to the Auction Final Price Determination Date, if any; 
(ii) 
the Relevant City Business Day prior to the Auction Cancellation Date, if any; or 
(iii) 
the date that is 21 calendar days following the relevant No Auction Announcement Date, if any; 
or 
(b) 
if such Credit Event is a Restructuring for purposes of a Series for which either “Restructuring Maturity 
Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation Applicable” or “Modified Restructuring Maturity 
Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation Applicable” applies and: 
(i) 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms and/or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms may be published, the date that is 
five Relevant City Business Days following the date on which ISDA publishes the Final List 
applicable to such Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms in accordance with the Rules 
(assuming, for the purposes of the timing set out herein, that any Credit Event Notice is delivered 
by the Calculation Agent (as a buyer of credit protection) to the Issuer (as a seller of credit 
protection); or 
(ii) 
 a No Auction Announcement Date occurs, the date that is 21 calendar days following such No 
Auction Announcement Date. 
“Extended Maturity Date” means, if Scheduled Maturity Date Extension applies pursuant to Credit Linked 
Condition 6 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension) and where: 
(a) 
no Relevant Event Determination Date occurs on or prior to the Notes Extension Date under limbs (I), 
(II) and (III) of Credit Linked Condition 6 (Scheduled Maturity Date Extension), the latest to occur of: 
(i) 
the date falling five Business Days after the Notes Extension Date; 
(ii) 
the final Credit Event Redemption Date in relation to any unsettled Relevant Credit Events or if 
later, any Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date (including any final Partial Cash Redemption 
Date or final Fallback Cash Redemption Date); or 
(iii) 
the date falling five Business Days after the Payment Failure Cut-Off Date, if applicable; or 
(b) 
a Relevant Event Determination Date under limbs (I), (II) and (III) of Credit Linked Condition 6 
(Scheduled Maturity Date Extension) occurs on or prior to the Notes Extension Date, the later to occur 
of: 
(i) 
the final Credit Event Redemption Date in relation to any unsettled Relevant Credit Events, as 
applicable, or if later any Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date (including any final Partial 
Cash Redemption Date or final Fallback Cash Redemption Date); or 
(ii) 
the date falling five Business Days after the Payment Failure Cut-Off Date, if applicable.

--- Page 651 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
651 
“Extension Date” means the latest of: 
(a) 
the Scheduled Maturity Date; 
(b) 
the Grace Period Extension Date, if:  
(i) 
“Failure to Pay” and “Grace Period Extension” are specified as being applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms;  
(ii) 
the Credit Event that is the subject of the Credit Event Notice or the relevant CE Resolution 
Notice resulting in the occurrence of the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, as applicable, is 
a Failure to Pay that occurs after the Scheduled Maturity Date (determined by reference to 
Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the relevant Reference Entity is Japan 
Corporate or Japan Sovereign (as such terms are defined in the 2005 Matrix Supplement), Tokyo 
time)); and  
(iii) 
the Potential Failure to Pay with respect to such Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date (determined by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of 
the relevant Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign (as such terms are defined 
in the 2005 Matrix Supplement), Tokyo time)); and 
(c) 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date (if any), if: 
(i) 
“Repudiation/Moratorium” is specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms; 
(ii) 
the Credit Event that is the subject of the Credit Event Notice or the relevant CE Resolution 
Notice resulting in the occurrence of the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, as applicable, is 
a Repudiation/Moratorium that occurs after the Scheduled Maturity Date (determined by 
reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the relevant Reference Entity 
is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign (as such terms are defined in the 2005 Matrix Supplement), 
Tokyo time)); 
(iii) 
the Potential Repudiation/Moratorium with respect to such Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on 
or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date; and  
(iv) 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied. 
“Failure to Pay” means, after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the satisfaction of any 
conditions precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), the failure by a Reference Entity to make, 
when and where due, any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under 
one or more Obligations, in accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure. 
“Fallback Redemption Method” means Cash Redemption or Physical Redemption, as specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms.  
“Final Auction Redemption Amount” means, in respect of each relevant Credit Linked Note, unless otherwise 
specified in the Issue Terms, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
such Credit Linked Note’s pro rata share of an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount; plus 
(ii) 
the sum of all Auction Redemption Amounts determined in respect of the relevant Credit Linked 
Notes.

--- Page 652 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
652 
“Final Auction Redemption Date” means the later to occur of (a) the last Auction Redemption Date in respect 
of the Credit Linked Notes and (b) the Scheduled Maturity Date or the Extended Maturity Date, as applicable. 
“Final Cash Redemption Amount” means, in respect of each relevant Credit Linked Note, unless otherwise 
specified in the Issue Terms, an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
such Credit Linked Note’s pro rata share of an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount; plus 
(ii) 
the sum of all Cash Redemption Amounts determined in respect of the relevant Credit Linked 
Notes. 
“Final Cash Redemption Date” means the later to occur of (a) the last Cash Redemption Date in respect of 
the Credit Linked Notes and (b) the Scheduled Maturity Date or the Extended Maturity Date, as applicable. 
“Final List” means the final list of Deliverable Obligations which are the subject of the related Auction 
determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee in accordance with the Rules.  
“Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date” has the meaning given to it in Credit Linked Condition 13(b)) 
(Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to deliver). 
“Final Price” means the price of the Valuation Obligation(s) selected by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner, expressed as a percentage, determined in accordance with the 
specified Valuation Method. 
“Financial Transaction Type” means any of “Standard European Financial Corporate”, “Standard Australia 
Financial Corporate”, “Standard New Zealand Financial Corporate”, “Standard Japan Financial Corporate”, 
“Standard Singapore Financial Corporate” and “Standard Asia Financial Corporate”, as applicable. 
“Fixed Recovery Percentage” means, if Fixed Recovery Redemption is specified as the Credit Event 
Redemption Method in the Issue Terms, the percentage specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms (which, 
for the avoidance of doubt, may include zero or 100 per cent.). 
“Full Quotation” means, in accordance with the Quotation Method, each firm quotation obtained from a 
Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time, to the extent reasonably practicable, for an amount of the Valuation 
Obligation with an outstanding principal balance or Due and Payable Amount equal to the Quotation Amount.  
“Fully Transferable Obligation” means a Deliverable Obligation that is either Transferable, in the case of 
Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Eligible Transferees without the consent of any person 
being required, in the case of any Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds. Any requirement that notification 
of novation, assignment or transfer of a Deliverable Obligation be provided to a trustee, administrative agent, 
clearing agent or paying agent, for a Deliverable Obligation shall not be considered to be a requirement for 
consent for the purposes of this definition of “Fully Transferable Obligation”. For purposes of determining 
whether a Deliverable Obligation satisfies the requirements of this definition of “Fully Transferable 
Obligation”, such determination shall be made as of the Delivery Date for the Deliverable Obligation, taking 
into account only the terms of the Deliverable Obligation and any related transfer or consent documents which 
have been obtained by the Issuer. 
“Funding Interest Rate” means, in respect of a Funding Interest Amount, a rate per annum specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms which shall be based on the cost to the Issuer if it were to fund or of funding the amount 
on which such interest is accruing.

--- Page 653 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
653 
“Governmental Authority” means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, ministry 
or department thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other entity 
(private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) of a 
Reference Entity or of the jurisdiction of organisation of a Reference Entity. 
“Grace Period” means: 
(a) 
subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) of this definition, the applicable grace period with respect to payments 
under the relevant Obligation under the terms of such Obligation in effect as of the date as of which such 
Obligation is issued or incurred; 
(b) 
if “Grace Period Extension” applies, a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date (determined by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the 
relevant Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign (as such terms are defined in the 2005 
Matrix Supplement), Tokyo time)) and the applicable grace period cannot, by its terms, expire on or 
prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date (determined by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the 
Transaction Type of the relevant Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign (as such terms 
are defined in the 2005 Matrix Supplement), Tokyo time)), the Grace Period shall be deemed to be the 
lesser of such grace period and the period specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if no period 
is specified, 30 calendar days; and 
(c) 
if, as of the date as of which an Obligation is issued or incurred, no grace period with respect to payments 
or a grace period with respect to payments of less than three Grace Period Business Days is applicable 
under the terms of such Obligation, a Grace Period of three Grace Period Business Days shall be deemed 
to apply to such Obligation; provided that, unless “Grace Period Extension” is specified as being 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, such deemed Grace Period shall expire no later than the 
Scheduled Maturity Date. 
“Grace Period Business Day” means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are 
generally open to settle payments in the place or places and on the days specified for that purpose in the relevant 
Obligation or, if a place or places are not so specified, in the jurisdiction of the Obligation Currency. 
“Grace Period Extension Date” means, if (a) “Grace Period Extension” is specified as being applicable in the 
relevant Issue Terms and (b) a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date 
(determined by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the relevant Reference Entity 
is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign (as such terms are defined in the 2005 Matrix Supplement), Tokyo time)), 
as the case may be, the date that is the number of Business Days following the date on which the Grace Period 
relating to such Potential Failure to Pay has expired. If “Grace Period Extension” is not specified as being 
applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, Grace Period Extension shall not apply. If (a) “Grace Period Extension” 
is specified as being applicable in the relevant Issue Terms, (b) a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on or prior to 
the Scheduled Maturity Date (determined by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of 
the relevant Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign (as such terms are defined in the 2005 
Matrix Supplement), Tokyo time)) and (c) an Event Determination Date in respect of that Failure to Pay does 
not occur on or prior to the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date), the later 
of the Scheduled Maturity Date and the Grace Period Extension Date will be the Extended Maturity Date (even 
if a Failure to Pay occurs after the Scheduled Maturity Date).  
“Hedge Disruption Obligation” has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 10(c) (Election 
to deliver alternative amount of Deliverable Obligations/Hedge Disruption Obligation). 
“Issue Terms” means the applicable Final Terms or, where a Pricing Supplement is prepared, the applicable 
terms and conditions set out in such Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 654 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
654 
“Issuer Business Day” means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are generally 
open to settle payments in London, New York and Luxembourg. 
“Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date” means: 
(a) 
in respect of the provisions of Credit Linked Conditions 13(b) (Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure 
to deliver), 8(c) (Election to deliver alternative amount of Deliverable Obligations/Hedge Disruption 
Obligation), 8(d) (Partial Cash Redemption due to Impossibility or Illegality) and 8(h) (Alternative 
Procedures Relating to Loans Not Delivered), the date that is 30 calendar days after the relevant Physical 
Redemption Date; and 
(b) 
in respect of the provisions of Credit Linked Conditions 10(e) (Partial Cash Redemption of Consent 
Required Loans), 8(f) (Partial Cash Settlement of Assignable Loans) and 10(g) (Partial Cash 
Redemption of Participations), the date that is 15 Business Days after the Physical Redemption Date. 
“Limitation Date” means the first of 20 March, 20 June, 20 September or 20 December in any year to occur 
on or immediately following the date that is one of the following numbers of years after the Restructuring Date: 
2.5 years (the “2.5-year Limitation Date”), 5 years (the “5-year Limitation Date”), 7.5 years, 10 years, 12.5 
years, 15 years or 20 years (the “20-year Limitation Date”), as applicable. Limitation Dates shall not be subject 
to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day Convention, unless specified otherwise in the applicable 
Issue Terms. 
“March 2012 Supplement” means the 2012 ISDA U.S. Municipal Reference Entity Supplement to the 2003 
ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (published on March 5, 2012). 
“Market Value” means, with respect to the relevant Valuation Obligation on a Valuation Date: 
(a) 
if more than three Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations, 
disregarding the Full Quotations having the highest and lowest values (and, if more than one such Full 
Quotations have the same highest value or lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest Full 
Quotations shall be disregarded); 
(b) 
if exactly three Full Quotations are obtained, the Full Quotation remaining after disregarding the highest 
and lowest Full Quotations (and, if more than one such Full Quotations have the same highest value or 
lowest value, then one of such highest or lowest Full Quotations shall be disregarded); 
(c) 
if exactly two Full Quotations are obtained, the arithmetic mean of such Full Quotations; 
(d) 
if fewer than two Full Quotations are obtained, subject to sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of 
“Quotation”, an amount that the Calculation Agent shall determine on the next Business Day on which 
two or more Full Quotations are obtained; and 
(e) 
if two or more Full Quotations are not obtained within the ten Business Day period set forth in sub-
paragraph (b) of the definition of “Quotation” the Market Value shall be determined as provided in such 
definition of “Quotation”. 
“Maturity Redemption Amount” means an amount being the greater of: 
(a) 
zero; and 
(b) 
each Credit Linked Note’s pro rata share of an amount in the Settlement Currency equal to the 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the relevant Credit Linked Notes. 
“Merger Event” means that at any time during the period from (and including) the Trade Date to (but 
excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date, as applicable, the Issuer or a Reference

--- Page 655 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
655 
Entity consolidates or amalgamates with, or merges into, or transfers all or substantially all of its respective 
assets to, a Reference Entity or the Issuer, as applicable, or the Issuer and a Reference Entity become Affiliates. 
“Merger Redemption Amount” means, in respect of each Credit Linked Note: 
(a) 
such Credit Linked Note’s pro rata share of an amount (subject to a minimum of zero) equal to (i) the 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes minus (ii) the Unwind Costs, if 
any; or 
(b) 
the Early Redemption Amount, 
as specified to be applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Modified Eligible Transferee” means any bank, financial institution or other entity which is regularly 
engaged in or established for the purpose of making, purchasing or investing in loans, notes and other financial 
assets. 
“Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date” means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation, the 
Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Scheduled Maturity Date, provided that, in 
circumstances where the Scheduled Maturity Date is later than the 2.5-year Limitation Date, at least one 
Enabling Obligation exists. With respect to a Series for which “Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation Applicable” applies and for which the Scheduled Maturity Date is later 
than the 2.5-year Limitation Date and prior to the 5-year Limitation Date, a Restructured Bond or Loan will not 
constitute an Enabling Obligation.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Scheduled Maturity Date is either (a) on or prior to the 2.5-year Limitation 
Date or (b) later than the 2.5-year Limitation Date and on or prior to the 5-year Limitation Date and no Enabling 
Obligation exists, the Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the 5-year Limitation Date in 
the case of a Restructured Bond or Loan only. 
Subject to the foregoing, in the event that the Scheduled Maturity Date is later than (i) the 2.5-year Limitation 
Date and no Enabling Obligation exists or (ii) the 20-year Limitation Date, the Modified Restructuring Maturity 
Limitation Date will be the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
“Movement Option” means, with respect to a Restructuring for which either “Restructuring Maturity 
Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation Applicable” or “Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation Applicable” applies, and with respect to which a No Auction 
Announcement Date has occurred pursuant to paragraph (b) of the definition of “No Auction Announcement 
Date”, the option of the Calculation Agent to apply the Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, if any, so that the 
Credit Linked Notes may be redeemed by way of Auction Redemption (for which purpose the Calculation 
Agent may take into account (a) the terms of the relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, the Permissible 
Deliverable Obligations thereunder, the Deliverable Obligation Provisions related to the Credit Linked Notes 
and (b) any Hedging Position that the Issuer has or may enter into in connection with the Credit Linked Notes) 
for the purposes of which the Permissible Deliverable Obligations are more limited than the Deliverable 
Obligations that the Issuer or the Calculation Agent could specify in any Notice of Physical Settlement or any 
NOPS Amendment Notice (provided that if more than one such set of Parallel Auction Settlement Terms are 
published, the Parallel Auction Settlement Terms specifying the greatest number of such Permissible 
Deliverable Obligations shall apply). If the Calculation Agent does not deliver an effective Notice to Exercise 
Movement Option to the Issuer on or prior to the Movement Option Cut-off Date, the Credit Linked Notes will 
be redeemed in accordance with the Fallback Redemption Method. 
“Movement Option Cut-off Date” the date that is four Relevant City Business Days following the Exercise 
Cut-off Date applicable to a buyer of credit protection where ISDA publishes a Final List applicable to the

--- Page 656 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
656 
Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and/or Parallel Auction Settlement Terms, or such other date 
as the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved (and where any public statement is 
issued by ISDA relating to the appropriate cut-off date, the Calculation Agent shall interpret such timing 
requirements from the perspective of a buyer of protection). 
“Multiple Holder Obligation” has the meaning given to it in Credit Linked Condition 16(d) (Multiple Holder 
Obligation). 
“Next Currency Fixing Time” means 4.00 p.m. (London time) on a day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments and which immediately follows the date on 
which the Notice of Physical Settlement or relevant NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, is effective. 
“No Auction Announcement Date” means, with respect to a Credit Event, the date as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on which ISDA first publicly announces that: 
(a) 
no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and, if applicable, no Parallel Auction Settlement Terms will 
be published; 
(b) 
following the occurrence of a Restructuring for which either “Restructuring Maturity Limitation and 
Fully Transferable Obligation Applicable” or “Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation Applicable” applies, no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms 
will be published but Parallel Auction Settlement Terms will be published; or  
(c) 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that no Auction will be held 
following a prior public announcement by ISDA to the contrary.  
For the avoidance of doubt, a No Auction Announcement Date will not occur solely by reason of the Credit 
Linked Notes not being covered by any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
“NOPS Amendment Notice” has the meaning given to it in the definition of “Notice of Physical Settlement”. 
“Notes Extension Date” means the last day on which any Relevant Event Determination Date could occur, in 
the determination of the Calculation Agent (taking into consideration the latest of (i) the last day of any Notice 
Delivery Period (ii) the last Credit Event Resolution Request Date which could occur up to the last day of any 
Notice Delivery Period; (iii) the last Relevant Event Determination Date which could occur 14 calendar days 
after a DC Credit Event Announcement; and (iv) the last Exercise Cut-off Date). 
“Notice Delivery Period” means the period from and including the Trade Date to and including the date that is 
14 calendar days after the Extension Date. 
“Notice to Exercise Movement Option” with respect to a Series where (a) either “Restructuring Maturity 
Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation Applicable” or “Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation Applicable” applies and (b) the Fallback Redemption Method would 
otherwise be applicable pursuant to Credit Linked Condition 10(a)(ii) (Fallback Redemption), a notice from the 
Calculation Agent to the Issuer that (i) specifies the Parallel Auction Settlement Terms which shall be applicable 
in accordance with the exercise of the Movement Option and (ii) is dated on or prior to the Movement Option 
Cut-off Date. 
“CE Resolution Notice” means a notice to ISDA, delivered in accordance with the Rules, requesting that a 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve: 
(a) 
whether an event that constitutes a Credit Event for purposes of the relevant Series has occurred with 
respect to the relevant Reference Entity or Obligation thereof; and

--- Page 657 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
657 
(b) 
if the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves that such event has occurred, the 
date of the occurrence of such event. 
“Notice of Physical Settlement” means a notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer for onward delivery 
to the Fiscal Agent and Noteholders that (a) confirms that the Issuer intends to redeem the Credit Linked Notes 
(unless the relevant Issue Terms provide for multiple Deliveries) and requires performance in accordance with 
the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 10 (Physical Redemption Terms), (b) specifies (i) the proposed 
Delivery Date, (ii) if applicable, the Unwind Costs and (iii) if applicable, the Delivery Expenses and/or Interest 
Suspension Shortfall Amount, (c) contains a detailed description of each Deliverable Obligation that the Issuer 
will, subject to Credit Linked Condition 10 (Physical Redemption Terms), Deliver to Noteholders (in aggregate), 
including the outstanding principal balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable (in each case, the 
“Outstanding Amount”) of each such Deliverable Obligation and, if available and applicable, the CUSIP or 
ISIN number (or, if such identifying number is not available, the rate and tenor) of each such Deliverable 
Obligation and (d) where (I) the Relevant Credit Event is a Restructuring, (II) either “Restructuring Maturity 
Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation Applicable” or “Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation Applicable” applies and (III) the Scheduled Maturity Date is later than 
(x) the final maturity date of the Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan, if any, or (y) the 2.5-year 
Limitation Date, contains a detailed description of at least one Enabling Obligation, which description will 
include the CUSIP or ISIN number, if available and applicable (or, if such identifying number is not available, 
the rate and tenor), of such Enabling Obligation and any other information necessary to establish that such 
obligation is an Enabling Obligation. The Calculation Agent may, from time to time, give notice to the Issuer 
for onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and the Noteholders, in the manner specified above (each such 
notification, a “NOPS Amendment Notice”) that the Issuer is replacing, in whole or in part, one or more 
Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or a prior NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable, (to the extent the relevant Deliverable Obligation has not been Delivered as of the date such NOPS 
Amendment Notice is effective) or the detailed description(s) thereof. A NOPS Amendment Notice shall contain 
a revised detailed description of each replacement Deliverable Obligation that the Issuer will, subject to Credit 
Linked Condition 10 (Physical Redemption Terms), Deliver to Noteholders (each, a “Replacement Deliverable 
Obligation”) and shall also specify the Outstanding Amount of each Deliverable Obligation identified in the 
Notice of Physical Settlement or a prior NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, that is being replaced (with 
respect to each such Deliverable Obligation, the “Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount”). 
The Outstanding Amount of each Replacement Deliverable Obligation identified in a NOPS Amendment Notice 
shall be determined by applying the Revised Currency Rate to the relevant Replaced Deliverable Obligation 
Outstanding Amount. Each such NOPS Amendment Notice must be effective on or prior to the Physical 
Redemption Date (determined without reference to any change resulting from such NOPS Amendment Notice). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer or the Calculation Agent may correct any errors or inconsistencies in 
the detailed description of each Deliverable Obligation contained in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any 
NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, by notice to the Fiscal Agent prior to the relevant Delivery Date; it 
being understood in each case that such notice shall not constitute a NOPS Amendment Notice.  
The “Notice of Physical Settlement Condition to Settlement” will be satisfied by the delivery of an effective 
Notice of Physical Settlement. For the purposes of determining whether this condition has been satisfied, the 
effective date of delivery of the Notice of Physical Settlement (whether or not subsequently changed) shall be 
used. 
“Notice of Publicly Available Information” means an irrevocable notice from the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent 
that cites Publicly Available Information confirming the occurrence of the Credit Event or Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium, as applicable, described in the Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension Notice. The notice given must contain a copy, or a description in reasonable detail, of the relevant 
Publicly Available Information. In relation to a Repudiation/Moratorium, the Notice of Publicly Available

--- Page 658 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
658 
Information must cite Publicly Available Information confirming the occurrences of both paragraphs (a) and 
(b) of the definition of “Repudiation/Moratorium”. If “Notice of Publicly Available Information” is specified 
as being applicable in the relevant Issue Terms and the Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension 
Notice 
contains 
Publicly 
Available 
Information, 
such 
Credit 
Event 
Notice 
or 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice will also be deemed to be a Notice of Publicly Available 
Information. If no election is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, “Notice of Publicly Available Information” 
shall apply. 
“Obligation” means (a) any obligation of a Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a Qualifying 
Affiliate Guarantee, or if “All Guarantees” applies, as provider of any Qualifying Guarantee), determined 
pursuant to the method described in “Method for Determining Obligations” below (but excluding any Excluded 
Obligation), (b) each Reference Obligation unless it is an Excluded Obligation and (c) any other obligation of 
the Reference Entity specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
(A) 
Method for Determining Obligations: 
For the purposes of paragraph (a) of the definition of “Obligation” above, an Obligation is each 
obligation of each Reference Entity described by the Obligation Category specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms and having each of the Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the relevant Issue Terms, in 
each case, as of the date of the event which constitutes the Credit Event which is the subject of either the 
Credit Event Notice or the relevant CE Resolution Notice resulting in the occurrence of the Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date. The following terms shall have the following meanings: 
(I) 
“Obligation Category” means Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference Obligations Only, Bond, 
Loan, or Bond or Loan, only one of which shall be specified in the relevant Issue Terms, and: 
(i) 
“Bond” means any obligation of a type included in the “Borrowed Money” Obligation 
Category that is in the form of, or represented by, a bond, note (other than notes delivered 
pursuant to Loans), certificated debt notes or other debt notes and shall not include any 
other type of Borrowed Money; 
(ii) 
“Bond or Loan” means any obligation that is either a Bond or a Loan; 
(iii) 
“Borrowed Money” means any obligation (excluding an obligation under a revolving 
credit arrangement for which there are no outstanding, unpaid drawings in respect of 
principal) for the payment or repayment of borrowed money (which term shall include, 
without limitation, deposits and reimbursement obligations arising from drawings 
pursuant to letters of credit); 
(iv) 
“Loan” means any obligation of a type included in the “Borrowed Money” Obligation 
Category that is documented by a term loan agreement, revolving loan agreement or other 
similar credit agreement and shall not include any other type of Borrowed Money; 
(v) 
“Payment” means any obligation (whether present or future, contingent or otherwise) for 
the payment or repayment of money, including, without limitation, Borrowed Money; and 
(vi) 
“Reference Obligations Only” means any obligation that is a Reference Obligation and 
no Obligation Characteristics shall be applicable to Reference Obligations Only. 
(II) 
“Obligation Characteristics” means any one or more of Not Subordinated, Specified Currency, 
Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed and Not Domestic

--- Page 659 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
659 
Issuance and where the March 2012 Supplement applies, Full Faith and Credit Obligation 
Liability, General Fund Obligation Liability and Revenue Obligation Liability, and: 
(i) 
 
(A) 
“Not Subordinated” means an obligation that is not Subordinated to (x) the most 
senior Reference Obligation in priority of payment or (y) if no Reference 
Obligation is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, any unsubordinated Borrowed 
Money obligation of the Reference Entity; provided that, if any of the events set 
forth under Credit Linked Condition 17(a) (Substitution events) or 15(b) (Substitute 
Reference Obligations following a Succession Event) has occurred with respect to 
all of the Reference Obligations (each, in each case, a “Prior Reference 
Obligation”) and no Substitute Reference Obligation has been identified for any 
of the Prior Reference Obligations at the time of the determination of whether an 
obligation satisfies the “Not Subordinated” Obligation Characteristic or 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, as applicable, “Not Subordinated” shall 
mean an obligation would not have been Subordinated to the most senior such Prior 
Reference Obligation in priority of payment. For purposes of determining whether 
an obligation satisfies the “Not Subordinated” Obligation Characteristic or 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, the ranking in priority of payment of each 
Reference Obligation or each Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, shall be 
determined as of the date as of which the relevant Reference Obligation or Prior 
Reference Obligation, as applicable, was issued or incurred, and shall not reflect 
any change to such ranking in priority of payment after such date, provided that 
where the March 2012 Supplement applies, “Not Subordinated” means an 
obligation (or, in the case of a Double-Barrel Obligation Liability, only the Full 
Faith and Credit Component thereof) that is not Subordinated (in the case of a 
Revenue Obligation Liability, with respect to the revenues from which the 
Reference Obligation is payable) to (x) the Reference Obligation (or, if the 
Reference Obligation is a Double-Barrel Obligation Liability, only the Full Faith 
and Credit Component thereof) or (y) if no Reference Obligation is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, any unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the 
Reference Entity; provided that, (aa) if any of the events set forth under Credit 
Linked Condition 17(a) (Substitution events) has occurred with respect to all of the 
Reference Obligations or if Credit Linked Condition 15(b) (Substitute Reference 
Obligations following a Succession Event) is applicable with respect to the 
Reference Obligation (each, in each case, a “Prior Reference Obligation”) and no 
Substitute Reference Obligation has been identified for any of the Prior Reference 
Obligations at the time of the determination of whether an obligation satisfies the 
“Not Subordinated” Obligation Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic, as applicable, “Not Subordinated” shall mean an obligation that 
would not have been Subordinated to such Prior Reference Obligation, and (bb) if 
“Double-Barrel Obligation Only” is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue 
Terms (and it will only be deemed to be applicable if the Reference Obligation is a 
Double-Barrel Obligation Liability), then an obligation will be deemed to satisfy 
the “Not Subordinated” Obligation Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic only if (I) such obligation is a Double-Barrel Obligation Liability 
and (II) in addition to satisfying the foregoing requirements in this paragraph, the 
Non-Full Faith and Credit Component of such obligation is not Subordinated to the

--- Page 660 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
660 
Non-Full Faith and Credit Component of such Reference Obligation (assuming 
solely for purposes of this sub-paragraph (bb) that any reference in the definition 
of “Subordination” to the “Reference Entity” will be deemed to be to the 
“Sovereign Agency of the Reference Entity” if such Non-Full Faith and Credit 
Component is a direct liability of a Sovereign Agency of such Reference Entity). 
For purposes of determining whether an obligation satisfies the “Not 
Subordinated” Obligation Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, 
the ranking of each Reference Obligation or each Prior Reference Obligation, as 
applicable, shall be determined as of the date as of which the relevant Reference 
Obligation or Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, was issued or incurred, 
and shall not reflect any change to such ranking after such date; and 
(B) 
“Subordination” means, with respect to an obligation (the “Subordinated 
Obligation”) and another obligation of the relevant Reference Entity to which such 
obligation is being compared (the “Senior Obligation”), a contractual, trust or 
similar arrangement providing that (x) upon the liquidation, dissolution, 
reorganisation or winding up of the relevant Reference Entity, claims of the holders 
of the Senior Obligation will be satisfied prior to the claims of the holders of the 
Subordinated Obligation or (y) the holders of the Subordinated Obligation will not 
be entitled to receive or retain payments in respect of their claims against the 
relevant Reference Entity at any time that the relevant Reference Entity is in 
payment arrears or is otherwise in default under the Senior Obligation. 
“Subordinated” will be construed accordingly. For the purposes of determining 
whether Subordination exists or whether an obligation is Subordinated with respect 
to another obligation to which it is being compared, the existence of preferred 
creditors arising by operation of law or of collateral, credit support or other credit 
enhancement arrangements shall not be taken into account, except that, 
notwithstanding the foregoing, priorities arising by operation of law shall be taken 
into account where the relevant Reference Entity is a Sovereign. Where the March 
2012 Supplement applies, notwithstanding the foregoing, a Full Faith and Credit 
Obligation Liability of a Reference Entity that is payable, in whole or in part, from 
ad valorem taxes (where the amount of such taxes that may be levied is subject to 
applicable constitutional, statutory and other legal limits) shall be deemed to be 
Subordinated to any Full Faith and Credit Obligation Liability of such Reference 
Entity that is payable, in whole in part, from ad valorem taxes that are not so 
limited;  
(ii) 
“Specified Currency” means an obligation that is payable in the currency or currencies 
specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms (or, if “Specified Currency” is specified in 
the relevant Issue Terms and no currency is so specified, any Standard Specified 
Currency); 
(iii) 
“Not Sovereign Lender” means any obligation that is not primarily owed to a Sovereign 
or Supranational Organization, including, without limitation, obligations generally 
referred to as “Paris Club debt”; 
(iv) 
“Not Domestic Currency” means any obligation that is payable in any currency other 
than the Domestic Currency; 
(v) 
“Not Domestic Law” means any obligation that is not governed by the applicable 
Domestic Law;

--- Page 661 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
661 
(vi) 
“Listed” means an obligation that is quoted, listed or ordinarily purchased and sold on an 
exchange;  
(vii) 
“Not Domestic Issuance” means any obligation other than an obligation that was, at the 
time the relevant obligation was issued (or reissued, as the case may be) or incurred, 
intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic market of the relevant Reference 
Entity. Any obligation that is registered or qualified for sale outside the domestic market 
of the relevant Reference Entity (regardless of whether such obligation is also registered 
or qualified for sale within the domestic market of the relevant Reference Entity) shall be 
deemed not to be intended for sale primarily in the domestic market of the relevant 
Reference Entity;  
(viii) where the March 2012 Supplement applies: 
(A) 
“Full Faith and Credit Obligation Liability” means any liability of the Reference 
Entity: (x) the payment of which in accordance with its terms or applicable law is 
backed by the “full faith and credit” (or similar language) of the Reference Entity; 
or (y) that is payable from ad valorem taxes required to be levied on all taxable 
property within the taxing jurisdiction of the Reference Entity for the payment 
thereof, whether or not subject to any applicable constitutional, statutory and other 
legal limits with respect to the amount of such taxes that may be so levied. For the 
avoidance of doubt, a Double-Barrel Obligation Liability shall also constitute a 
Full Faith and Credit Obligation Liability; 
(B) 
“Double-Barrel Obligation Liability” means, with respect to any Reference 
Entity, any liability that evidences both (x) a Full Faith and Credit Obligation 
Liability of such Reference Entity (either directly or as a provider of a Qualifying 
Guarantee) and (y) a claim that is either (aa) payable from certain revenues or other 
sources of funds of such Reference Entity prior to any claim under a Full Faith and 
Credit Obligation Liability that is not payable from such revenues or sources of 
funds or (bb) is payable from certain revenues or other source of funds of a 
Sovereign Agency of such Reference Entity. For the avoidance of doubt, a Double-
Barrel Obligation Liability that is a direct liability of a Sovereign Agency of the 
Reference Entity (rather than the Reference Entity itself) will be deemed to be a 
“Qualifying Guarantee” of such Reference Entity if such Full Faith and Credit 
Component is a liability of such Reference Entity that in accordance with its terms 
cannot be discharged, reduced or otherwise altered or assigned (other than by 
operation of law) as a result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or 
circumstance (other than payment); 
(C) 
“Full Faith and Credit Component” means any liability of the Reference Entity 
(either directly or as a provider of a Qualifying Guarantee) in respect of a Double-
Barrel Obligation Liability without regard to any claim thereunder described in 
sub-paragraph (y) of the definition thereof;  
(D) 
“Non-Full Faith and Credit Component” means any liability of the Reference 
Entity or any Sovereign Agency thereof in respect of a Double-Barrel Obligation 
Liability other than in respect of the Full Faith and Credit Component thereof; 
(E) 
“General Fund Obligation Liability” means any liability of the Reference Entity 
that is payable from the general fund of the Reference Entity and that is not a Moral 
Obligation Liability. For the avoidance of doubt, a Full Faith and Credit Obligation

--- Page 662 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
662 
Liability that is payable from the general fund of the Reference Entity shall also 
constitute a General Fund Obligation Liability;  
(F) 
“Moral Obligation Liability” means any liability of the Reference Entity that is 
contingent upon an appropriation being made by the governing body or other 
official of the Reference Entity; and 
(G) 
“Revenue Obligation Liability” means any liability of the Reference Entity that 
is payable, in whole or in part, from the same source of revenues as the Reference 
Obligation and that is not a Moral Obligation Liability. 
“Obligation Acceleration” means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default 
Requirement have become due and payable before they would otherwise have been due and payable as a result 
of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default or other similar condition or event (however 
described), other than a failure to make any required payment, in respect of the relevant Reference Entity under 
one or more Obligations. 
“Obligation Currency” means the currency or currencies in which an Obligation is denominated. 
“Obligation Default” means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default 
Requirement have become capable of being declared due and payable before they would otherwise have been 
due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default or other similar 
condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make any required payment, in respect of the 
relevant Reference Entity under one or more Obligations. 
“Original Aggregate Nominal Amount” means, on the Issue Date, the original aggregate nominal amount of 
the Credit Linked Notes of such Series specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount” means, on any day: 
(a) 
in respect of Single Name Credit Linked Notes, an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Original Aggregate Nominal Amount; minus 
(ii) 
the aggregate of all Applicable Proportions in respect of such Credit Linked Notes relating to 
previous Relevant Credit Events; 
in each case, taking into account (without double counting) any partial redemptions, amortisations, 
cancellations or further issues of the Credit Linked Notes of such Series on or prior to such date. 
“Outstanding Amount” has the meaning given to that term in the definition of “Notice of Physical Settlement”. 
“Parallel Auction” means the “Auction” which is the subject of the relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
“Parallel Auction Cancellation Date” means the “Auction Cancellation Date” in respect of the relevant 
Parallel Auction Settlement Terms. 
“Parallel Auction Settlement Terms” means, following the occurrence of a Restructuring for which either 
“Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation Applicable” or “Modified Restructuring 
Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation Applicable” applies, any Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA with respect to such Restructuring in accordance with the Rules 
if the Calculation Agent determines in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, that the 
relevant Deliverable Obligation Terms are the same as the Deliverable Obligation Provisions applicable to the 
relevant Credit Linked Notes and for which a representative credit derivative transaction economically 
equivalent to the Credit Linked Notes in unfunded format referencing the same Affected Reference Entity

--- Page 663 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
663 
(assuming Auction Redemption and the deemed occurrence of an “Event Determination Date”) which has 
identical deliverable obligation terms to the Deliverable Obligation Provisions of the Credit Linked Notes and 
Deliverable Obligation Terms of the relevant auction settlement terms under consideration but would not be a 
covered transaction (due to the range of designated scheduled termination dates for the relevant auction 
settlement terms under consideration or otherwise) for the purpose of the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms. 
“Payment/Delivery Failure Event” means, in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, that: 
(a) 
it is impossible, impracticable or illegal for the Issuer to pay (due to an event beyond the control of the 
Issuer including, without limitation, a failure by the Noteholder to provide account details of its 
designee), or for a Noteholder to accept payment of (due to an event beyond the control of such 
Noteholder), any cash amount (including, without limitation, any portion of the relevant Credit Event 
Redemption Amount, in respect of the Credit Linked Notes) required to be paid by the Issuer on the date 
intended for such payment and such event preventing the payment or acceptance is not cured by the 
affected party; or 
(b) 
the relevant definitive Credit Linked Notes (where applicable) and/or the Deliverable Obligation Notice 
are not delivered in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 10(a) (Delivery of Physical Redemption 
Assets) or any intended recipient has failed to duly execute, deliver and/or accept a transfer certificate 
or other transfer document on or before any Delivery Date and/or specify a date for transfer of the 
relevant Deliverable Obligation that is on or before any Delivery Date, in each case in accordance with 
the terms of the relevant Deliverable Obligation. 
“Payment Failure Cut-Off Date” has the meaning given to it in Credit Linked Condition 13(a) 
(Payment/Delivery Failure Event – failure to pay). 
“Payment Requirement” means the amount specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or its equivalent in 
the relevant Obligation Currency (or, if no such amount is specified, USD 1,000,000 or its equivalent in the 
relevant Obligation Currency) in either case as of the occurrence of the relevant Failure to Pay or Potential 
Failure to Pay, as appropriate. 
“Permissible Deliverable Obligation” has the meaning set out in the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction 
Settlement Terms, being either all or the portion of the deliverable obligations included on the Final List 
pursuant to the Deliverable Obligation Terms that are applicable to that Auction. 
“Permitted Currency” means: 
(a) 
the legal tender of any Group of 7 country (or any country that becomes a member of the Group of 7 if 
such Group of 7 expands its membership); or 
(b) 
the legal tender of any country which, as of the date of such change, is a member of the Organization for 
Economic Cooperation and Development and has a local currency long-term debt rating of either AAA 
or higher assigned to it by Standard & Poor’s, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. or any 
successor to the rating business thereof, Aaa or higher assigned to it by Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. 
or any successor to the rating business thereof or AAA or higher assigned to it by Fitch Ratings or any 
successor to the rating business thereof. 
“Physical Redemption Assets” means, in respect of Credit Linked Notes for which pursuant to Credit Linked 
Condition 10 (Physical Redemption Terms) the “Physical Redemption Terms” are applicable, subject to Credit 
Linked Condition 14 (Effect of DC Resolutions), such Deliverable Obligations as may be selected by the Issuer 
with: (a) an outstanding principal balance (as determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a

--- Page 664 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
664 
commercially reasonable manner, on the date of the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment 
Notice, as applicable, and which for the avoidance of doubt will account for any deductions for any unwind 
costs, any delivery expenses and any interest suspension shortfall amounts), in respect of Deliverable 
Obligations that are Borrowed Money Obligations or (b) a Due and Payable Amount, in respect of Deliverable 
Obligations that are not Borrowed Money Obligations (or in either case, the equivalent Currency Amount 
thereof), equal to (i) the Applicable Proportion or (ii) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit 
Linked Notes (as determined by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable 
manner, on the date of the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable). If 
the amount of the Physical Redemption Assets is less than zero, no Deliverable Obligations will be required to 
be Delivered and the amount of the Physical Redemption Assets will be deemed to be zero. The outstanding 
principal balance of the Deliverable Obligations being Delivered will (x) include accrued but unpaid interest 
(as the Calculation Agent shall determine) if “Include Accrued Interest” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, 
(y) exclude accrued but unpaid interest if “Exclude Accrued Interest” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms or 
neither “Include Accrued Interest” nor “Exclude Accrued Interest” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms (as 
the Calculation Agent shall determine). If an obligation by its terms represents or contemplates an obligation to 
pay an amount greater than the outstanding principal balance of such obligation as of the Delivery Date as a 
result of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance, the outstanding principal balance of 
such obligation shall not include any additional amount that would be payable upon the occurrence or non-
occurrence of such event or circumstance. With respect to (x) any Accreting Obligation, “outstanding principal 
balance” means the Accreted Amount thereof and (y) any Exchangeable Obligation that is not an Accreting 
Obligation, “outstanding principal balance” shall exclude any amount that may be payable under the terms of 
such obligation in respect of the value of the Equity Securities for which such obligation is exchangeable. 
“Physical Redemption Date” means the last day of the longest Physical Settlement Period following the 
satisfaction of all applicable Conditions to Settlement. If all Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, are Delivered on or before that Physical 
Redemption Date, the Physical Redemption Date shall be the Extended Maturity Date. 
“Physical Settlement Matrix” means, where “Physical Settlement Matrix Standard Terms” applies to any 
Series of Credit Linked Notes (notwithstanding that the Credit Event Redemption Method for such Notes may 
not be Physical Redemption), the terms applicable to one or more Transaction Type(s) in respect of the relevant 
Reference Entity(ies) of such Series of Credit Linked Notes as set out in the applicable Issue Terms, provided 
that in the event of any inconsistency between (i) Part A (Contractual Terms) of the relevant Issue Terms and 
(ii) any schedule or appendix to such Issue Terms, Part A (Contractual Terms) of the Issue Terms will prevail. 
“Physical Settlement Period” means, subject to the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 14(d) (Redemption 
Suspension), the number of Business Days specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if a number of 
Business Days is not so specified, then with respect to a Deliverable Obligation specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, the longest number of Business Days for 
settlement in accordance with then current market practice of such Deliverable Obligation, as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine. 
“Potential Failure to Pay” means the failure by the relevant Reference Entity to make, when and where due, 
any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or more Obligations, 
without regard to any grace period or any conditions precedent to the commencement of any grace period 
applicable to such Obligations, in accordance with the terms of such obligations at the time of such failure. 
“Potential Repudiation/Moratorium” means the occurrence of an event described in sub-paragraph (a) of the 
definition of “Repudiation/Moratorium”.

--- Page 665 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
665 
“Public Source” means each source of Publicly Available Information specified as such in the relevant Issue 
Terms (or, if no such source is specified, each of Bloomberg, Reuters, Dow Jones Newswires, The Wall Street 
Journal, The New York Times, Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Asahi Shimbun, Yomiuri Shimbun, Financial Times, La 
Tribune, Les Echos, The Australian Financial Review and Debtwire (and successor publications), the main 
source(s) of business news in the country in which the relevant Reference Entity is organised and any other 
internationally recognised published or electronically displayed news sources).  
“Publicly Available Information” means information that reasonably confirms any of the facts relevant to the 
determination that the Credit Event or Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as applicable, described in a Credit 
Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice have occurred and which: 
(a) 
has been published in or on not less than the Specified Number of Public Sources, regardless of whether 
the reader or user thereof pays a fee to obtain such information, provided that, if the Issuer or its Affiliates 
is cited as the sole source of such information, then such information shall not be deemed to be Publicly 
Available Information unless the Issuer or its Affiliate is acting in its capacity as trustee, fiscal agent, 
administrative agent, clearing agent, paying agent, facility agent or agent bank for an Obligation;  
(b) 
is information received from or published by (i) the relevant Reference Entity (or a Sovereign Agency 
in respect of a Reference Entity which is a Sovereign, or (where the March 2012 Supplement applies) a 
Sovereign in respect of a Reference Entity which is a Sovereign Agency) or (ii) a trustee, fiscal agent, 
administrative agent, clearing agent, paying agent, facility agent or agent bank for an Obligation;  
(c) 
is information contained in any petition or filing instituting a proceeding (as described in paragraph (d) 
of the definition of “Bankruptcy”) against or by a Reference Entity; or  
(d) 
is information contained in any order, decree, notice or filing, however described, of or filed with a court, 
tribunal, exchange, regulatory authority or similar administrative, regulatory or judicial body or (where 
the March 2012 Supplement applies) the Electronic Municipal Market Access (EMMA) system of the 
Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board, or any additional or successor filing system approved by the 
United States Securities and Exchange Commission for satisfying continuing disclosure requirements 
under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any rules promulgated thereunder, that 
are applicable to any securities issued by the Reference Entity. 
In relation to any information of the type described in sub-paragraphs (b) and (c) in the first paragraph of this 
definition, the party receiving such information may assume that such information has been disclosed to it 
without violating any law, agreement or understanding regarding the confidentiality of such information and 
that the party delivering such information has not taken any action or entered into any agreement or 
understanding with the relevant Reference Entity or any Affiliate of the relevant Reference Entity that would 
be breached by, or would prevent, the disclosure of such information to the party receiving such information. 
Publicly Available Information need not state (i) in relation to the definition of “Downstream Affiliate”, the 
percentage of Voting Shares owned, directly or indirectly, by the relevant Reference Entity and (ii) that such 
occurrence (A) has met the Payment Requirement or Default Requirement, (B) is the result of exceeding any 
applicable Grace Period or (C) has met the subjective criteria specified in certain Credit Events. 
“Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee” means a Qualifying Guarantee provided by the relevant Reference Entity in 
respect of an Underlying Obligation of a Downstream Affiliate of that Reference Entity. 
“Qualifying Guarantee” means an arrangement evidenced by a written instrument pursuant to which a 
Reference Entity irrevocably agrees (by guarantee of payment or equivalent legal arrangement) to pay all 
amounts due under an “Underlying Obligation” for which another party is the obligor (the “Underlying 
Obligor”).

--- Page 666 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
666 
Qualifying Guarantees shall exclude any arrangement: 
(a) 
structured as a surety bond, financial guarantee insurance policy, letter of credit or equivalent legal 
arrangement; or 
(b) 
pursuant to the terms of which the payment obligations of the relevant Reference Entity can be 
discharged, reduced, otherwise altered or assigned (other than by operation of law)as a result of the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than payment). 
The benefit of a Qualifying Guarantee must be capable of being delivered together with the delivery of the 
Underlying Obligation. 
“Quotation” means each Full Quotation obtained and expressed as a percentage with respect to a Valuation 
Date in the manner that follows:  
(a) 
The Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to each Valuation Date from 
five or more Quotation Dealers. If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more such Full 
Quotations on the same Business Day within three Business Days of a Valuation Date, then on the next 
following Business Day (and, if necessary, on each Business Day thereafter until the tenth Business Day 
following the relevant Valuation Date) the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations 
from five or more Quotation Dealers. 
(b) 
If the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain two or more Full Quotations on the same Business Day on 
or prior to the tenth Business Day following the applicable Valuation Date, the Quotations shall be 
deemed to be any Full Quotation obtained from a Quotation Dealer at the Valuation Time on such tenth 
Business Day, or if no Full Quotation is obtained on such tenth Business Day, the quotation shall be 
deemed to be zero for the Quotation Amount for which firm quotations were not obtained on such day. 
“Quotation Amount” means, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms, an amount determined by 
the Calculation Agent not in excess of the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Credit Linked Notes 
or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency, which shall be converted by the Calculation Agent in a 
commercially reasonable manner by reference to exchange rates in effect at the time that the relevant Quotation 
is being obtained. 
“Quotation Dealer” means, in respect of Credit Linked Notes, a dealer (which may be one or more of the 
Issuer’s affiliates) in obligations of the type for which Quotations are to be obtained, including any Quotation 
Dealer if specified in the relevant Issue Terms, as selected by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. Upon a Quotation Dealer no longer being in existence 
(with no successors), or not being an active dealer in the obligations of the type for which Quotations are to be 
obtained, the Calculation Agent may, in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, substitute 
any such Quotation Dealer(s) for one or more of the foregoing. 
“Quotation Method” means the applicable Quotation Method specified in the relevant Issue Terms by 
reference to one of the following terms (or, if no Quotation Method is specified, Bid shall apply), 
where: 
(a) 
“Bid” means that only bid quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers; 
(b) 
“Offer” means that only offer quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers; or 
(c) 
“Mid-market” means that bid and offer quotations shall be requested from Quotation Dealers and shall 
be averaged for the purposes of determining a relevant Quotation Dealer’s quotation.

--- Page 667 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
667 
“Redemption Suspension Notice” has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 14 (Effect of 
DC Resolutions). 
“Reference Entity” means, subject to the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 15 (Successor Provisions), in 
respect of Single Name Credit Linked Notes, the entity specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Reference Obligation” means each obligation specified as such or of a type described in the relevant Issue 
Terms (if any are so specified or described) and any Substitute Reference Obligation. 
“Relevant City Business Day” has the meaning given to that term in the Rules. 
“Relevant Credit Event” means, subject to the provisions of Credit Linked Condition 15 (Successor 
Provisions), any Credit Event which occurs with respect to the relevant Reference Entity. 
“Relevant Event Determination Date” means, in respect of Credit Linked Notes, the Event Determination 
Date occurring with respect to a Relevant Credit Event. 
“Relevant Obligations” means the Obligations constituting “Bonds” and “Loans” of the relevant Reference 
Entity outstanding immediately prior to the effective date of the Succession Event, excluding any debt 
obligations outstanding between the Reference Entity and any of its Affiliates, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. The Calculation Agent will determine the entity which succeeds to such Relevant Obligations on the 
basis of the Best Available Information. If the date on which the Best Available Information becomes available 
or is filed precedes the legally effective date of the relevant Succession Event, any assumptions as to the 
allocation of obligations between or among entities contained in the Best Available Information will be deemed 
to have been fulfilled as of the legally effective date of the Succession Event, whether or not this is in fact the 
case. 
“Repudiation/Moratorium” means the occurrence of both of the following events: (a) an authorised officer of 
the relevant Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority (i) disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in 
whole or in part, or challenges the validity of, one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than 
the Default Requirement or (ii) declares or imposes a moratorium, standstill, roll-over or deferral, whether de 
facto or de jure, with respect to one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default 
Requirement; and (b) a Failure to Pay, determined without regard to the Payment Requirement, or a 
Restructuring, determined without regard to the Default Requirement, with respect to any such Obligation that 
occurs on or prior to the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
“Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date” means, if a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium occurs on or 
prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date (determined by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction 
Type of the relevant Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign (as such terms are defined in the 
2005 Matrix Supplement), Tokyo time)), (a) if the Obligations to which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
relates include Bonds, the date that is the later of (i) the date that is 60 days after the date of such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium and (ii) the first payment date under any such Bond after the date of such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium (or, if later, the expiration date of any applicable Grace Period in respect of such 
payment date) and (b) if the Obligations to which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates do not include 
Bonds, the date that is 60 days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium; provided that, in either 
case, the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date shall occur no later than the Scheduled Maturity Date unless 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied. If (I) the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension 
Condition is satisfied and (II) an Event Determination Date in respect of that Repudiation/Moratorium does not 
occur on or prior to the final day of the Notice Delivery Period, the later of the Scheduled Maturity Date and 
the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date will be the Extended Maturity Date (even if a 
Repudiation/Moratorium occurs after the Scheduled Maturity Date).

--- Page 668 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
668 
The “Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition” is satisfied: 
(a) 
if ISDA publicly announces, pursuant to a valid request that was delivered in accordance with the Rules 
and effectively received on or prior to the date that is 14 calendar days after the Scheduled Maturity 
Date, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that an event that 
constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred with respect to an Obligation of the 
relevant Reference Entity and that such event occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date 
(determined by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the relevant Reference 
Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign (as such terms are defined in the 2005 Matrix Supplement), 
Tokyo time)); or  
(b) 
otherwise, by the delivery by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent of a Repudiation/Moratorium Extension 
Notice and, if “Notice of Publicly Available Information” is specified as a Condition to Settlement, a 
Notice of Publicly Available Information that is effective on or prior to the date that is 14 calendar days 
after the Scheduled Maturity Date.  
In all cases, the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition will be deemed not to have been satisfied, or not 
capable of being satisfied, if, or to the extent that, ISDA publicly announces, pursuant to a valid request that 
was delivered in accordance with the Rules and effectively received on or prior to the date that is 14 calendar 
days after the Scheduled Maturity Date, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
Resolved that either (i) an event does not constitute a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium with respect to an 
Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity or (ii) an event that constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
for the purposes of the relevant Credit Linked Notes has occurred with respect to an Obligation of the relevant 
Reference Entity but that such event occurred after the Scheduled Maturity Date (determined by reference to 
Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the relevant Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan 
Sovereign (as such terms are defined in the 2005 Matrix Supplement), Tokyo time)). 
“Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice” means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent to the 
Issuer (for onward delivery to the Fiscal Agent and Noteholders) that describes a Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium that occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date (determined by reference to 
Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the relevant Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan 
Sovereign (as such terms are defined in the 2005 Matrix Supplement), Tokyo time)). A Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the determination that 
a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred and indicate the date of the occurrence. The Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium that is the subject of the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice need not be 
continuing on the date the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice is effective. 
“Resolve” means, with respect to a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee, the making of a specific 
determination in accordance with the Rules, and “Resolved” and “Resolves” shall be construed accordingly. 
“Restructured Bond or Loan” means an Obligation that is a Bond or Loan and in respect of which the relevant 
Restructuring has occurred. 
“Restructuring” means that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation to an aggregate amount of 
not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following events occurs in a form that binds all 
holders of such Obligation, is agreed between the relevant Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority and 
a sufficient number of holders of such Obligation to bind all holders of the Obligation or is announced (or 
otherwise decreed) by the relevant Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority in a form that binds all holders 
of such Obligation and such event is not expressly provided for under the terms of such Obligation in effect as

--- Page 669 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
669 
of the later of the Credit Event Backstop Date applicable to the relevant Credit Linked Notes and the date as of 
which such Obligation is issued or incurred: 
(a) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest accruals; 
(b) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at maturity or at scheduled redemption dates; 
(c) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (i) the payment or accrual of interest or (ii) 
the payment of principal or premium; 
(d) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the Subordination of such 
Obligation to any other Obligation; or 
(e) 
any change in the currency or composition of any payment of interest or principal to any currency which 
is not a Permitted Currency. 
Notwithstanding the above in this definition of “Restructuring”, none of the following shall constitute a 
Restructuring: 
(i) 
the payment in euros of interest or principal in relation to an Obligation denominated in a currency 
of a Member State of the EU that adopts or has adopted the single currency in accordance with 
the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended by the Treaty on European Union; 
(ii) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in paragraphs 
(a) to (e) of this definition of “Restructuring” due to an administrative adjustment, accounting 
adjustment or tax adjustment or other technical adjustment occurring in the ordinary course of 
business; and 
(iii) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described in paragraphs 
(a) to (e) of this definition of “Restructuring” in circumstances where such event does not directly 
or indirectly result from a deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the 
Reference Entity. 
For the purposes of this definition of “Restructuring”, the term Obligation shall be deemed to include 
Underlying Obligations for which the relevant Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Qualifying 
Affiliate Guarantee or, if “All Guarantees” is specified as applicable in the applicable Issue Terms, as 
provider of any Qualifying Guarantee. In the case of a Qualifying Guarantee and an Underlying 
Obligation, references to the relevant Reference Entity in the first paragraph of this definition shall be 
deemed to refer to the Underlying Obligor and the reference to the relevant Reference Entity in the 
second paragraph of this definition of “Restructuring” shall continue to refer to the relevant Reference 
Entity. 
“Restructuring Date” means, with respect to a Restructured Bond or Loan, the date on which a Restructuring 
is legally effective in accordance with the terms of the documentation governing such Restructuring. 
“Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date” means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation, the Limitation 
Date occurring on or immediately following the Scheduled Maturity Date, provided that in circumstances where 
the Scheduled Maturity Date is later than the 2.5-year Limitation Date, at least one Enabling Obligation exists. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the final maturity date of the Restructured Bond or Loan with the latest final 
maturity date of any Restructured Bond or Loan occurs prior to the 2.5-year Limitation Date (such Restructured 
Bond or Loan, a “Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan”) and the Scheduled Maturity Date occurs 
prior to the final maturity date of such Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan, then the Restructuring 
Maturity Limitation Date will be the final maturity date of such Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan. In 
the event that the Scheduled Maturity Date is later than (a)(i) the final maturity date of the Latest Maturity

--- Page 670 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
670 
Restructured Bondor Loan, if any, or (ii) the 2.5-year Limitation Date, and, in either case, no Enabling 
Obligation exists or (b) the 20-year Limitation Date, the Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the 
Scheduled Maturity Date. 
“Revised Currency Rate” means, with respect to a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a NOPS 
Amendment Notice, the rate of conversion between the currency in which the Replaced Deliverable Obligation 
Outstanding Amount is denominated and the currency in which the Outstanding Amount of such Replacement 
Deliverable Obligation is denominated that is determined either (a) by reference to the Currency Rate Source 
as at the Next Currency Fixing Time or (b) if such rate is not available at such time, as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in a commercially reasonable manner. 
“Rules” means the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees Rules, as published by ISDA on its website 
www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto) from time to time and as amended from time to time in 
accordance with the terms hereof. 
“Senior Obligation” has the meaning given to that term in the definition of “Subordination”. 
“Single Name Partial Nominal Amount” has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 
15(e)(i) (Single Name Credit Linked Notes). 
“Single Name Successor Entity” has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 15 (Successor 
Provisions). 
“Sovereign” means any state, political subdivision or government, or any agency, instrumentality, ministry, 
department or other authority (including, without limiting the foregoing, the central bank) thereof. 
“Sovereign Agency” means any agency, instrumentality, ministry, department or other authority (including, 
without limitation, the central bank) of a Sovereign. 
“Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation” means an Obligation of a relevant Sovereign Reference 
Entity: 
(a) 
in respect of which a Restructuring that is the subject of the relevant Credit Event Notice has occurred; 
and  
(b) 
described by the “Deliverable Obligation Category” specified in the relevant Issue Terms, and subject 
to Credit Linked Condition 20(c) (Interpretation of Obligation Characteristics and Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics), having each of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics specified in the 
relevant Issue Terms, 
in each case immediately preceding the date on which such Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with 
the terms of the documentation governing such Restructuring without regard to whether the Obligation would 
satisfy such Deliverable Obligation Category or Deliverable Obligation Characteristics after such 
Restructuring. 
“Specified Number” means the number of Public Sources specified in the relevant Issue Terms (or, if a number 
is not so specified, two). 
“Standard Specified Currency” means each of the lawful currencies of Canada, Japan, Switzerland, the UK 
and the United States of America and the euro and any successor currency to any of the aforementioned 
currencies. 
“Subordinated Obligation” has the meaning given to that term in the definition of “Subordination”.

--- Page 671 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
671 
“Substitute Reference Obligation” means one or more obligations of the Reference Entity (either directly or 
as a provider of a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if “All Guarantees” is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms, as provider of any Qualifying Guarantee) that will replace one or more Reference Obligations, 
identified by the Calculation Agent in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 17 (Substitute Reference 
Obligation). 
“Substitution Event Date” means, with respect to the Reference Obligation, the date falling five Business 
Days after the Extension Date. 
“Substitution Event Redemption Amount” means, in respect of each Credit Linked Note, such Credit Linked 
Note’s pro rata share of an amount equal to (x) the fair market value of the Credit Linked Notes determined by 
the Issuer as at the Substitution Event Date, and (y) adjusted to take into account any Unwind Costs (if any). 
“Succession Event” means: 
(a) 
with respect to a Reference Entity that is not a Sovereign, an event such as a merger, consolidation, 
amalgamation, transfer of assets or liabilities, demerger, spin-off or other similar event in which one 
entity succeeds to the obligations of another entity, whether by operation of law or pursuant to any 
agreement; or 
(b) 
with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, an event such as an annexation, unification, 
secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or other event that results in any direct or 
indirect successor(s) to such Reference Entity.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, “Succession Event” shall not include an event (i) in which the holders of 
obligations of the Reference Entity exchange such obligations for the obligations of another entity, unless such 
exchange occurs in connection with a merger, consolidation, amalgamation, transfer of assets or liabilities, 
demerger, spin-off or other similar event or (B) with respect to the legally effective date (or, in the case of a 
Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, the date of occurrence) has occurred prior to the Succession Event 
Backstop Date (determined by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the relevant 
Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign (as such terms are defined in the 2005 Matrix 
Supplement), Tokyo time)).  
“Succession Event Backstop Date” means: 
(a) 
for the purposes of any event that constitutes a Succession Event, as determined by DC Resolution, the 
date that is 90 calendar days prior to the Successor Event Resolution Request Date (determined by 
reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the relevant Reference Entity is Japan 
Corporate or Japan Sovereign (as such terms are defined in the 2005 Matrix Supplement), Tokyo time)); 
or 
(b) 
otherwise, the date that is 90 calendar days prior to the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which the Succession Event Notice is effective; and 
(ii) 
in circumstances where (A) the conditions to convening a Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee to Resolve the matters described in paragraphs (a) and (b) of the definition of 
“Succession Event Resolution Request Date” are satisfied in accordance with the Rules, (B) the 
relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to determine such 
matters and (C) the Succession Event Notice is delivered by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent not 
more than 14 calendar days after the day on which ISDA publicly announces that the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to determine such matters, the 
Succession Event Resolution Request Date.

--- Page 672 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
672 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Succession Event Backstop Date shall not be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day Convention. 
“Succession Event Notice” means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent to the Issuer for onward 
delivery to the Fiscal Agent and Noteholders that describes a Succession Event that occurred on or after the 
Succession Event Backstop Date (determined by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction 
Type of the relevant Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign (as such terms are defined in the 
2005 Matrix Supplement), Tokyo time)). A Succession Event Notice must contain a description in reasonable 
detail of the facts relevant to the determination to be made pursuant to the definition of “Successor”, of whether 
(a) a Succession Event has occurred and (b) if relevant, the identity of any Successor(s). 
“Succession Event Resolution Request Date” means, with respect to a notice to ISDA, delivered in 
accordance with the Rules, requesting that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to 
Resolve: 
(a) 
whether an event that constitutes a Succession Event has occurred with respect to the relevant Reference 
Entity; and 
(b) 
if the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves that such event has occurred: 
(i) 
with respect to a Reference Entity that is not a Sovereign, the legally effective date of such event; 
or  
(ii) 
with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, the date of the occurrence of such event, 
the date, as publicly announced by ISDA, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
Resolves to be the date on which such notice is effective. 
“Successor” means, in relation to a Reference Entity that is not a Sovereign, the entity or entities, if any, 
determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(a) 
if one entity directly or indirectly succeeds to seventy five per cent. or more of the Relevant Obligations 
of the relevant Reference Entity by way of a Succession Event, that entity will be the sole Successor; 
(b) 
if only one entity directly or indirectly succeeds to more than twenty five per cent. (but less than seventy 
five per cent.) of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity by way of a Succession 
Event, and not more than twenty five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference 
Entity remain with the relevant Reference Entity, the entity that succeeds to more than twenty five per 
cent. of the Relevant Obligations will be the sole Successor; 
(c) 
if more than one entity each directly or indirectly succeeds to more than twenty five per cent. of the 
Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity by way of a Succession Event, and not more than 
twenty five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity remain with the 
relevant Reference Entity, the entities that succeed to more than twenty five per cent. of the Relevant 
Obligations will each be a Successor; 
(d) 
if one or more entities each directly or indirectly succeeds to more than twenty five per cent. of the 
Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity by way of a Succession Event, and more than 
twenty five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity remain with the 
relevant Reference Entity, each such entity and the Reference Entity will each be a Successor; 
(e) 
if one or more entities directly or indirectly succeeds to a portion of the Relevant Obligations of the 
relevant Reference Entity by way of a Succession Event, but no entity succeeds to more than twenty-

--- Page 673 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
673 
five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity and the relevant Reference 
Entity continues to exist, there will be no Successor; and 
(f) 
if one or more entities directly or indirectly succeeds to a portion of the Relevant Obligations of the 
relevant Reference Entity by way of a Succession Event, but no entity succeeds to more than twenty-
five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the relevant Reference Entity and the relevant Reference 
Entity ceases to exist, the entity which succeeds to the greatest percentage of Relevant Obligations (or, 
if two or more entities succeed to an equal percentage of Relevant Obligations, the entity from among 
those entities which succeeds to the greatest percentage of obligations of the Reference Entity) will be 
the sole Successor. 
For the purposes of this definition, “succeed” means, with respect to a Reference Entity and its Relevant 
Obligations (or, as applicable, obligations), that a party other than the Reference Entity (A) assumes or becomes 
liable for such Relevant Obligations (or, as applicable, obligations) whether by operation of law or pursuant to 
any agreement or (B) issues Bonds that are exchanged for Relevant Obligations, and in either case such 
Reference Entity is no longer an obligor (primarily or secondarily) or guarantor with respect to such Relevant 
Obligations (or obligations).  
“Supranational Organization” means any entity or organisation established by treaty or other arrangement 
between two or more Sovereigns or the Sovereign Agencies of two or more Sovereigns including, without 
limiting the foregoing, the International Monetary Fund, European Central Bank, International Bank for 
Reconstruction and Development and European Bank for Reconstruction and Development. 
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which TARGET2 (the Trans-European Automarket Real-time 
Gross Settlement Express Transfer System), or any successor or replacement for that system, is open.  
“Transaction Auction Settlement Terms” means the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms; 
provided that the Calculation Agent determines in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, 
that (a) the relevant Deliverable Obligation Terms are substantially the same as the Deliverable Obligation 
Provisions applicable to the relevant Credit Linked Notes, and (b) if such Credit Event is a Restructuring for 
which either “Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation” or “Modified Restructuring 
Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation” is applicable or deemed to be applicable, a 
credit derivatives transaction with the same tenor as the Credit Linked Notes would be an “Auction Covered 
Transaction” for the purposes of the relevant Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms. 
“Transaction Type” means, where “Physical Settlement Matrix Standard Terms” is specified as applicable in 
the relevant Issue Terms, each Reference Entity designated as one of the following in the relevant Issue Terms: 
(a) 
Standard North American Corporate; 
(b) 
Standard European Corporate; 
(c) 
Standard European Financial Corporate; 
(d) 
Standard Emerging European Corporate; 
(e) 
Standard Japan Corporate; 
(f) 
Standard Japan Financial Corporate; 
(g) 
Standard Japan Sovereign; 
(h) 
Standard Singapore Corporate; 
(i) 
Standard Singapore Financial Corporate;

--- Page 674 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
674 
(j) 
Standard Singapore Sovereign; 
(k) 
Standard Asia Corporate; 
(l) 
Standard Asia Financial Corporate; 
(m) 
Standard Asia Sovereign; 
(n) 
Standard Emerging European & Middle Eastern Sovereign; 
(o) 
Standard Western European Sovereign; 
(p) 
Standard Latin America Corporate B 
(q) 
Standard Latin America Corporate BL; 
(r) 
Standard Latin America Sovereign; 
(s) 
Standard Australia Corporate; 
(t) 
Standard Australia Financial Corporate; 
(u) 
Standard Australia Sovereign; 
(v) 
Standard New Zealand Corporate; 
(w) 
Standard New Zealand Financial Corporate; 
(x) 
Standard New Zealand Sovereign; 
(y) 
Standard U.S. Municipal Full Faith and Credit; 
(z) 
Standard U.S. Municipal General Fund;  
(aa) 
Standard U.S. Municipal Revenue, 
and any other Transaction Type which may be added to the Physical Settlement Matrix from time to time. 
“UK” means the United Kingdom. 
“Undeliverable Deliverable Obligations” has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 
10(i)(i) (Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms). 
“Undelivered Deliverable Obligation” has the meaning given to that term in Credit Linked Condition 10(i)(i) 
(Partial Cash Redemption Terms and Fallback Cash Redemption Terms). 
“Underlying Obligor” has the meaning given to it in the definition of “Qualifying Guarantee”. 
“Unwind Costs” means, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Issue Terms, an amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the sum of (without duplication) all costs, fees, charges, expenses (including loss of 
funding), tax and duties incurred by the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates in connection with: 
(a) 
the redemption of the Credit Linked Notes; and 
(b) 
if the Issuer has elected to hedge its exposure, the related termination, settlement or re-establishment of 
any hedge or related trading position. 
“Valuation Date” means: 
(a) 
if “Single Valuation Date” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, subject to the provisions of Credit 
Linked Condition 14(d) (Redemption Suspension), the date that is the number of Business Days specified

--- Page 675 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
675 
in the relevant Issue Terms after satisfaction of all Conditions to Settlement (or, if the number of Business 
Days is not so specified, five Business Days); 
(b) 
if “Multiple Valuation Dates” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, subject to the provisions of Credit 
Linked Condition 14(d) (Redemption Suspension), each of the following dates: 
(i) 
the date that is the number of Business Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms after 
satisfaction of all Conditions to Settlement (or, if the number of Business Days is not so specified, 
five Business Days); and 
(ii) 
each successive date that is the number of Business Days specified in the relevant Issue Terms 
(or if the number of Business Days is not so specified, five Business Days) after the date on which 
the Calculation Agent obtains a Market Value with respect to the immediately preceding 
Valuation Date. 
(c) 
When “Multiple Valuation Dates” is specified in the relevant Issue Terms, the total number of Valuation 
Dates shall be equal to the number of Valuation Dates specified in the relevant Issue Terms (or, if the 
number of Valuation Dates is not so specified, five Valuation Dates). 
(d) 
if neither “Single Valuation Date” nor “Multiple Valuation Dates” is specified in the relevant Issue 
Terms, the terms of paragraph (a) of this definition shall apply as if “Single Valuation Date” had been 
specified in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Valuation Method” means: 
(a) 
where there is only one Valuation Date and one Reference Obligation, Highest or Market, as specified 
in the applicable Issue Terms, provided that if no election is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the 
Valuation Method will be deemed to be Highest; 
(b) 
where there is more than one Valuation Date and one Reference Obligation, Average Highest, Average 
Market or Highest, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, provided that if no election is specified in 
the applicable Issue Terms, the Valuation Method will be deemed to be Average Highest; 
(c) 
where there is one Valuation Date and more than one Reference Obligation, Blended Highest or Blended 
Market, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, provided that if no election is specified in the 
applicable Issue Terms, the Valuation Method will be deemed to be Blended Highest; 
(d) 
where there is more than one Valuation Date and more than one Reference Obligation, Average Blended 
Highest or Average Blended Market, as specified in the applicable Issue Terms, provided that if no 
election is specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Valuation Method will be deemed to be Average 
Blended Highest, 
where: 
(i) 
“Average Blended Highest” means, using values with respect to each Valuation Date determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the Blended Highest Valuation Method, the 
unweighted arithmetic mean of the values so determined with respect to each Valuation Date; 
(ii) 
“Average Blended Market” means, using values with respect to each Valuation Date determined 
by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the Blended Market Valuation Method, the 
unweighted arithmetic mean of the values so determined with respect to each Valuation Date; 
(iii) 
“Average Highest” means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the highest Quotations obtained 
by the Calculation Agent (or in accordance with paragraph (b) of the definition of “Quotation”) 
with respect to each Valuation Date;

--- Page 676 ---
CREDIT LINKED CONDITIONS (2003 REFERENCE ENTITY) 
676 
(iv) 
“Average Market” means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the Market Values determined by 
the Calculation Agent with respect to each Valuation Date; 
(v) 
“Blended Market” means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the Market Values for each 
Reference Obligation determined by the Calculation Agent with respect to the Valuation Date; 
(vi) 
“Blended Highest” means the unweighted arithmetic mean of the highest Quotations obtained 
by the Calculation Agent (or in accordance with paragraph (b) of the definition of “Quotation”) 
for each Reference Obligation with respect to the Valuation Date; 
(vii) 
“Highest” means the highest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent (or in accordance with 
sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of “Quotation”) with respect to any Valuation Date; 
(viii) “Lowest” means the lowest Quotation obtained by the Calculation Agent (or in accordance with 
sub-paragraph (b) of the definition of “Quotation”) with respect to any Valuation Date; and 
(ix) 
“Market” means the Market Value determined by the Calculation Agent with respect to the 
Valuation Date. 
Notwithstanding paragraphs (a) to (b) of this definition, if Quotations include fewer than two Full Quotations, 
the Valuation Method shall be Market, Average Market, or Blended Market or Average Blended Market, as the 
case may be. 
“Valuation Obligation” means, where Cash Redemption applies, an obligation, as selected by the Calculation 
Agent in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, provided such obligations(s) is either a 
Reference Obligation and/or would constitute a Deliverable Obligation as at the Valuation Date. 
“Valuation Time” means the time specified as such in the relevant Issue Terms or, if no such time is specified, 
the time determined by the Calculation Agent, which shall be as close as reasonably practicable to 11:00 a.m. 
in the principal trading market for the Deliverable Obligation or Valuation Obligation, as the case may be, unless 
the Calculation Agent determines that such principal trading market would be closed at such time or such 
transactions are not being conducted in sufficient volume (as determined by the Calculation Agent in its 
discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner) at such time, in which event the Valuation Time shall 
be such other time as may be specified by the Calculation Agent that such principal market is open. 
“Voting Shares” means the shares or other interests that have the power to elect the board of directors or similar 
governing body of an entity.

--- Page 677 ---
INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS 
677 
 
SECTION G.4 – INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS

--- Page 678 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS (INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS) 
678 
PART A: INTRODUCTION TO THE INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS 
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
For the avoidance of doubt, this introduction to the Index Skew Conditions (including the worked examples set 
out in the Annex (Worked Examples in respect of Index Skew Notes) to this Part A) shall not form part of the 
Index Skew Conditions. 
The questions and answers set out below and the worked examples set out in the Annex (Worked Examples in 
respect of Index Skew Notes) to this Part A highlight selected information and provide practical examples to 
help prospective investors understand specific commercial considerations in respect of the Index Skew Notes. 
However, any decision to invest in the Index Skew Notes should only be made after careful consideration of 
the Base Prospectus and the relevant General Conditions in their entirety, particularly the terms and conditions 
of the Index Skew Notes set out in the Index Skew Conditions, as completed by the relevant Final Terms or as 
completed, modified and/or supplemented by the relevant Pricing Supplement, as applicable. This section 
should be treated as an introduction to certain terms of the Index Skew Notes. It is not intended to be a substitute 
for, nor a summary of, the Index Skew Conditions. 
Unless otherwise defined in the Base Prospectus, capitalised terms in relation to the following questions and 
answers shall have the meanings given to them in the Index Skew Conditions. 
What are Index Skew Notes? 
Index Skew Notes are debt securities referencing a package skew position comprising (a) a Hypothetical Index 
Untranched Transaction and (b) a Hypothetical Single Name Set where (a) and (b) have equal and offsetting 
positions with any payments resulting from a Credit Event in respect of a Reference Entity referenced by both 
Hypothetical Skew Transactions intended to be zero due to the application of payment netting (see further 
“What are the Hypothetical Skew Transactions?” below).  
Accordingly, the amount of interest, if applicable, and principal which investors will receive on the Index Skew 
Notes does not depend on whether certain Credit Events occur in respect of any Reference Entity referenced 
under both Hypothetical Skew Transactions, but will instead be impacted by the occurrence of an Early 
Redemption Event. The value of the combined positions reflects the difference or the “skew” between the value 
of the Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction and the aggregate value of its component single name credit 
derivative transactions which comprise the index.  
What is the difference between the Index Skew Notes and Credit Linked Notes? 
Index Skew Notes may appear similar to Credit Linked Notes as they both give an investor exposure to 
underlying credit derivative transactions which are linked to the credit risk of the Reference Entity without 
having to own a bond, loan or other type of borrowed money obligation of such Reference Entity. An investment 
in Index Skew Notes or Credit Linked Notes is, therefore, not equivalent to an investment in the obligations of 
a Reference Entity.  
However, unlike Credit Linked Notes, if a Credit Event occurs in relation to a Reference Entity referenced 
under both Hypothetical Skew Transactions, the Index Skew Notes will not redeem early. Index Skew Notes 
are exposed to the value of the underlying hypothetical credit derivative transactions only where they are early 
redeemed (and not otherwise during the term of such Notes). As such, an investor in an Index Skew Note is not 
a seller of credit protection and, accordingly, Index Skew Notes are not Credit Linked Notes. 
What are the Hypothetical Skew Transactions? 
Each Series of Index Skew Notes will reference two Hypothetical Skew Transactions, namely, a Hypothetical 
Index Untranched Transaction (i.e. an index untranched credit derivative transaction) and a Hypothetical Single 
Name Set (i.e. a set of single name credit derivative transactions, with each single name transaction

--- Page 679 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS (INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS) 
679 
corresponding to an underlying Reference Entity constituent of the corresponding Hypothetical Index 
Untranched Transaction). The Hypothetical Skew Transactions are credit derivative transactions that are 
deemed to be entered into by the Issuer and a hypothetical swap counterparty and intended to be traded on the 
basis of the 2014 ISDA Definitions (subject to certain amendments as set out in the Index Skew Conditions) 
and other standard terms for similar over-the-counter credit derivative transactions.  
The Issuer will be the buyer of credit protection under one Hypothetical Skew Transaction (for which the 
hypothetical swap counterparty will be the seller of credit protection) and the seller of credit protection under 
the other Hypothetical Skew Transaction (for which the hypothetical swap counterparty will be the buyer of 
credit protection). The hypothetical payment obligations of the Issuer and the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty, 
where applicable, in connection with a Fixed Rate Payer Payment Date and related Fixed Amounts, the Auction 
Settlement Date or Cash Settlement Date, as applicable, with respect to the occurrence of a Credit Event and 
related Event Determination Date in respect of a Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction and an off-setting 
Hypothetical Single Name Transaction will be equal and opposite. Accordingly, payment netting will apply to 
such hypothetical payment obligations resulting in no net amount being hypothetically payable by the Issuer to 
the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty or vice versa under or in connection with the Index Skew Notes.  
What are the different timings for, and nature of, payouts that are contemplated under the Index Skew 
Conditions? 
The amount of interest, if applicable, and principal which an investor receives will depend on whether 
redemption of the Index Skew Notes occurs (a) at maturity in the ordinary course (see further “When will the 
Index Skew Notes be ordinarily redeemed at maturity?” below), or (b) pursuant to the occurrence of an event 
(other than a Credit Event) triggering early redemption (see further “When may the Issuer redeem the Index 
Skew Notes early?” below). 
When will the Index Skew Notes be ordinarily redeemed at maturity? 
In the ordinary course and provided that the Index Skew Notes are not otherwise redeemed early, repurchased 
or cancelled, each Index Skew Note will be redeemed in full on the Scheduled Maturity Date at par. 
What happens if a Credit Event occurs? 
If one or more Credit Events and related Event Determination Dates occur in respect of the Reference Entities 
referenced by both Hypothetical Skew Transactions, this will not result in an early redemption of the Index 
Skew Notes.  
Under the Index Skew Conditions, an Event Determination Date will only occur in relation to a Hypothetical 
Skew Transaction where a Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred and a DC Credit Event 
Announcement is made in relation to any Reference Entity under such Hypothetical Skew Transaction. 
Depending on the Settlement Method elected under the terms of the Hypothetical Skew Transactions, following 
the occurrence of a Credit Event, an Auction Settlement Amount or a Cash Settlement Amount, as applicable, 
will be calculated under each Hypothetical Skew Transaction. However, the payment under each Hypothetical 
Skew Transaction is intended to be equal to zero due to the application of payment netting and, accordingly, 
there will be no amount payable by the Issuer (where it is seller of credit protection) or to the Issuer (where it 
is buyer of credit protection). In such case, the Index Skew Note will not redeem early and, provided that the 
Index Skew Notes are not otherwise redeemed early, repurchased or cancelled, each Index Skew Note will be 
redeemed in full on the Scheduled Maturity Date at par. 
The occurrence of one or more Credit Events in respect of the Reference Entities referenced by both 
Hypothetical Skew Transactions will not impact the accrual of interest on the Index Skew Notes or result in any 
writedown of its outstanding aggregate nominal amount. Accordingly, interest will continue to be paid to 
investors as per usual until maturity.

--- Page 680 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS (INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS) 
680 
If the DC Secretary publicly announces that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has resolved that 
a different entity or entities has or have become successor(s) to the original Reference Entity referenced by both 
Hypothetical Skew Transactions, then such entity/ies may be identified as a “Successor” to the original 
Reference Entity. The Index Sponsor may also identify one or more Successors in relation to any Reference 
Entity under the Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction, the identification of such Successor will also be 
deemed to apply to the relevant Hypothetical Single Name Transaction relating to such Reference Entity. In 
such circumstances, the identification of Successors or the occurrence of any Credit Event in respect of such 
Successors shall not impact the payment of interest, if any, and principal under the Index Skew Notes or result 
in early redemption of such Index Skew Notes. 
When may the Issuer redeem the Index Skew Notes early? 
Following the occurrence of certain events (see further “Which events may trigger an early redemption of the 
Index Skew Notes?”), the Issuer may early redeem each Index Skew Note in full on the Early Redemption Date 
or Optional Redemption Date, as applicable, by payment of an amount equal to its pro rata share of the Index 
Skew Early Redemption Amount with no further payment of principal or interest, if applicable, due in respect 
of such Index Skew Notes. The Index Skew Early Redemption Amount is an amount determined with respect 
to the Index Skew Notes in the Settlement Currency and which reflects the par value of the Index Skew Notes 
(together with accrued, but unpaid, interest up to, but excluding the date for early redemption), plus or minus 
the Hypothetical Swap Termination Value, less any unwind costs.  
The Hypothetical Swap Termination Value reflects the termination payment that is determined to be payable in 
respect of each Hypothetical Skew Transaction following an early termination of the Hypothetical Skew 
Transactions due to an early redemption of the Index Skew Notes. Such amount shall be negative where the 
termination payment is hypothetically owed by the hypothetical swap counterparty to the Issuer and shall be 
positive where the termination payment is hypothetically owed by the Issuer to the hypothetical swap 
counterparty. The market value of the Index Skew Notes may be volatile since the Notes are exposed to the 
Hypothetical Skew Transactions which typically have a larger aggregate notional amount than the aggregate 
notional amount of the Index Skew Notes. Accordingly, any Index Skew Early Redemption Amount will be 
linked to, among other things, the difference between the pricing of credit protection on the relevant Index 
referenced by the Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction and the constituent single name Reference 
Entities that comprise such Index. The value of the Index Skew Early Redemption Amount will account for 
interest that has accrued up to (but excluding) the Early Redemption Date or Optional Redemption Date, as 
applicable, and there will be no further payments of interest to investors after such date.  
Which events may trigger an early redemption of the Index Skew Notes?  
The Index Skew Notes may be early redeemed by the Issuer following the occurrence of (a) certain tax events 
with respect to the Index Skew Notes, (b) certain events which make it unlawful for the Issuer and/or the 
relevant Guarantor to perform certain obligations or comply with material provisions of agreements entered 
into in connection with the Index Skew Notes, (c) an Early Redemption Event, (d) certain Events of Default, 
(e) an exercise by the Issuer of its call option in respect of the Index Skew Notes (if “Issuer Call” is applicable), 
(f) in certain cases and if applicable, an Administrator/Benchmark Event or certain other benchmark events or 
(g) a Realisation Disruption Event. 
An Early Redemption Event may occur where, among other things, (a) certain adjustments have occurred, (b) 
the Issuer and/or Guarantors become subject to any withholding or reporting obligations pursuant to Section 
871(m) of the Code with respect to the Notes, (c) in respect of certain Notes, the Calculation Agent determines 
in respect of certain Notes that no Successor Index can be determined or no adjustment to the relevant Index 
can reasonably be made, (d) in respect of certain Notes, the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment 
or substitution can reasonably be made to account for the effect of an Adjustment Event, or (e) the Calculation

--- Page 681 ---
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS (INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS) 
681 
Agent determines that an Obligor Regulatory Event has occurred. The relevant Early Redemption Events need 
to be specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms for such events to be applicable to a Series of Index 
Skew Notes.  
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Issue Terms, the Noteholders do not have a right to require the 
Issuer to redeem their Index Skew Notes early.

--- Page 682 ---
INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS 
682 
ANNEX: WORKED EXAMPLES IN RESPECT OF INDEX SKEW NOTES 
The worked examples below are in respect of Index Skew Notes and are included for illustrative purposes only 
and should not be relied upon. They are not an indication of the likely performance of, or amounts payable in 
respect of, the Index Skew Notes. The inclusion or absence of any assumption or any other feature in any worked 
example in this Annex is not an indication that such assumption or feature will or will not exist in any Index 
Skew Note. Prospective investors should conduct their own independent review and obtain such professional 
advice as they deem appropriate prior to any investment in the Index Skew Notes. 
All amounts in this Annex are denominated in EUR. 
General assumptions: All examples below assume that an investor invests 10,000 in a single Index Skew Note 
with a face value of 10,000, which is linked to two hypothetical credit derivative transactions, being (i) a 
“Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction” which references an Eligible Index comprising 100 equally 
weighted Reference Entities, R1 to R100 and (ii) a “Hypothetical Single Name Set” comprising 100 hypothetical 
single name transactions in respect of the same 100 Reference Entities (R1 to R100), with each single name 
transaction corresponding to one Reference Entity constituent of the corresponding Hypothetical Index 
Untranched Transaction (together, the “hypothetical transactions”).  
(i) 
REDEMPTION AT MATURITY IN THE ORDINARY COURSE 
 
Based on the assumptions above: 
(a) 
on the Issue Date, there will be no initial payment under the hypothetical transactions; 
(b) 
interest will continue to accrue on the aggregate nominal amount of the Index Skew Note (10,000); and 
(c) 
on the Maturity Date, the Index Skew Note will be redeemed in full at its Index Skew Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount (Original investment (10,000), minus any adjustments, amortisations, 
cancellations or further issues of the Index Skew Note of such Series on or prior to such date (0)). 
An amount equal to 10,000 will be payable to the investor.  
(i) 
REDEMPTION AT MATURITY (OCCURRENCE OF A CREDIT EVENT OTHER THAN AN 
M(M)R RESTRUCTURING) 
Scenario: In addition to the general assumptions above, this example assumes the following: 
(a) 
the Issuer is the buyer of credit protection under the Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction 
and the seller of credit protection under the Hypothetical Single Name Set; 
(b) 
no Credit Event has occurred in respect of any Reference Entity;  
(c) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of any Reference Entity;  
(d) 
the Index Skew Note has not been previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled; and 
(e) 
there are no unwind costs.

--- Page 683 ---
INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS 
683 
 
Based on the assumptions above: 
(a) 
on the Issue Date, there will be no initial payment under the hypothetical transactions; 
(b) 
following the occurrence of the Bankruptcy Credit Event in respect of R15:  
(i) 
interest will continue to accrue on the aggregate nominal amount of the Index Skew Note (10,000) 
(i.e. there will be no writedown of the notional amount or suspension in interest payment); 
(ii) 
an Auction Settlement Amount will be calculated under each hypothetical transaction in respect 
of R15 in accordance with its terms and on the Auction Settlement Date, payment of such Auction 
Settlement Amount by the Issuer under the Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction will be 
fully netted against the payment of the Auction Settlement Amount due to it under the 
Hypothetical Single Name Set; 
(iii) 
the Index Skew Note will not early redeem; and 
(c) 
on the Maturity Date, the Index Skew Note will be redeemed in full at the Index Skew Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount (Original investment (10,000), minus any adjustments, amortisations, 
cancellations or further issues of the Index Skew Note of such Series on or prior to such date (0)). 
An amount equal to 10,000 will be payable to the investor.  
(ii) 
REDEMPTION AT MATURITY (OCCURRENCE OF AN M(M)R RESTRUCTURING) 
 
Based on these assumptions:  
(a) 
on the Issue Date, there will be no initial payment under the hypothetical transactions; 
Scenario: In addition to the general assumptions above, this example assumes the following: 
(a) 
the Issuer is the seller of credit protection under the Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction 
and the buyer of credit protection under the Hypothetical Single Name Set; 
(b) 
Auction Settlement is the applicable Settlement Method under the hypothetical transactions; 
(c) 
a Bankruptcy Credit Event occurs in respect of R15; 
(d) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of any Reference Entity;  
(e) 
the Index Skew Note has not been previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled; and 
(f) 
there are no unwind costs. 
Scenario: In addition to the general assumptions above, this example assumes the following: 
(a) 
the Issuer is the buyer of credit protection under the Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction 
and the seller of credit protection under the Hypothetical Single Name Set; 
(b) 
Cash Settlement is the applicable Settlement Method under the hypothetical transactions; 
(c) 
an M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event occurs in respect of part of R8; 
(d) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of any Reference Entity;  
(e) 
the Index Skew Note has not been previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled; and 
(f) 
there are no unwind costs.

--- Page 684 ---
INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS 
684 
(b) 
following the occurrence of the M(M)R Restructuring Credit Event in respect of R8:  
(i) 
interest will continue to accrue on the aggregate nominal amount of the Index Skew Note (10,000) 
(i.e. there will be no writedown of the notional amount or suspension in interest payment); 
(ii) 
although the M(M)R Restructuring may have occurred only in respect of part of the Floating Rate 
Payer Calculation Amount of R8, it will be deemed that that the M(M)R Restructuring occurred 
in respect of the full Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount of R8;  
(iii) 
a Cash Settlement Amount will be calculated under each hypothetical transaction in respect of R8 
in accordance with its terms and on the Cash Settlement Date, payment of such Cash Settlement 
Amount by the Issuer under the Hypothetical Single Name Set will be fully netted against the 
payment of the Auction Settlement Amount due to it under the Hypothetical Index Untranched 
Transaction; 
(iv) 
the Index Skew Note will not early redeem; and 
(c) 
on the Maturity Date, the Index Skew Note will be redeemed in full at the Index Skew Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount (Original investment (10,000), minus any adjustments, amortisations, 
cancellations or further issues of the Index Skew Note of such Series on or prior to such date (0)).  
An amount equal to 10,000 will be payable to the investor.  
(iii) 
REDEMPTION AT MATURITY (OCCURRENCE OF MULTIPLE CREDIT EVENTS) 
 
Based on the assumptions above: 
(a) 
on the Issue Date, there will be no initial payment under the hypothetical transactions; 
(b) 
following the occurrence of the Credit Events in respect of R67, R95 and R2, in each case: 
(i) 
interest will continue to accrue on the aggregate nominal amount of the Index Skew Note (10,000) 
(i.e. there will be no writedown of the notional amount or suspension in interest payment); 
(ii) 
an Auction Settlement Amount will be calculated under each hypothetical transaction in respect 
of R67, R95 (and, for such purpose, although the M(M)R Restructuring may have occurred only in 
respect of part of the Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount of R95, it will be deemed that that 
the M(M)R Restructuring occurred in respect of the full Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount 
Scenario: In addition to the general assumptions above, this example assumes the following: 
(a) 
the Issuer is the seller of credit protection under the Hypothetical Index Untranched 
Transaction and the buyer of credit protection under the Hypothetical Single Name Set; 
(b) 
Auction Settlement is the applicable Settlement Method under the hypothetical transactions; 
(c) 
a Failure to Pay Credit Event occurs in respect of R67; 
(d) 
a second Credit Event (i.e. an M(M)R Restructuring) occurs in respect of part of R95; 
(e) 
a third Credit Event (i.e. an Obligation Acceleration) occurs in respect of R2; 
(f) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of any Reference Entity;  
(g) 
the Index Skew Note has not been previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled; 
and 
(h) 
there are no unwind costs.

--- Page 685 ---
INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS 
685 
of R95) in accordance with its terms and on the Auction Settlement Date, payment of such Auction 
Settlement Amount by the Issuer under the Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction will be 
fully netted against the payment of the Auction Settlement Amount due to it under the 
Hypothetical Single Name Set; 
(iii) 
the Index Skew Note will not early redeem; and 
(c) 
on the Maturity Date, the Index Skew Note will be redeemed in full at the Index Skew Outstanding 
Aggregate Nominal Amount (Original investment (10,000), minus any adjustments, amortisations, 
cancellations or further issues of the Index Skew Note of such Series on or prior to such date (0)).  
An amount equal to 10,000 will be payable to the investor.  
(iv) 
REDEMPTION ON THE EARLY REDEMPTION DATE (OCCURRENCE OF EARLY 
REDEMPTION EVENT ONLY) 
 
Based on the assumptions above: 
(a) 
on the Issue Date, there will be no initial payment under the hypothetical transactions; and 
(b) 
following the occurrence of the Early Redemption Event: 
(i) 
interest will continue to accrue on the aggregate nominal amount of the Index Skew Note (10,000) 
only up to (but excluding) the Early Redemption Date and such unpaid interest amount will 
constitute ‘x’; 
(ii) 
the hypothetical transactions will also terminate early and, in this case, we assume that an amount 
of ‘y’ (expressed as a positive number) is payable by the Issuer to the hypothetical swap 
counterparty as a result of such early termination; 
(iii) 
on the Early Redemption Date, the Index Skew Note will be early redeemed in full at the Index 
Skew Early Redemption Amount (Original Investment (10,000), plus accrued, but unpaid, 
interest (x), minus Hypothetical Swap Termination Value, if payable by Issuer (y), plus absolute 
value of Hypothetical Swap Termination Value, if payable to Issuer (0), minus unwind costs 
(100)).  
An amount equal to (10,000 + x – y – 100) will be payable to the investor.  
(v) 
REDEMPTION ON THE EARLY REDEMPTION DATE (OCCURRENCE OF EARLY 
REDEMPTION EVENT AND CREDIT EVENT) 
Scenario: In addition to the general assumptions above, this example assumes the following: 
(a) 
the Issuer is the buyer of credit protection under the Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction 
and the seller of credit protection under the Hypothetical Single Name Set; 
(b) 
no Credit Event has occurred in respect of any Reference Entity; 
(c) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of any Reference Entity; 
(d) 
an Early Redemption Event (i.e. an Obligor Regulatory Event) occurs in respect of the Index Skew 
Note;  
(e) 
the Index Skew Note has not been previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled; and 
(f) 
unwind costs of 100 are determined.

--- Page 686 ---
INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS 
686 
 
Based on the assumptions above: 
(a) 
on the Issue Date, there will be no initial payment under the hypothetical transactions; 
(b) 
following the occurrence of the Credit Events in respect of R77 and R100, in each case: 
(i) 
interest will continue to accrue on the aggregate nominal amount of the Index Skew Note (10,000) 
(i.e. there will be no writedown of the notional amount or suspension in interest payment); 
(ii) 
a Cash Settlement Amount will be calculated under each hypothetical transaction in respect of 
R77 and R100 in accordance with its terms and on the Cash Settlement Date, payment of such Cash 
Settlement Amount by the Issuer under the Hypothetical Single Name Set will be fully netted 
against the payment of the Auction Settlement Amount due to it under the Hypothetical Index 
Untranched Transaction; 
(iii) 
the Index Skew Note will not early redeem; and 
(c) 
following the occurrence of the Early Redemption Event: 
(i) 
interest will continue to accrue on the aggregate nominal amount of the Index Skew Note (10,000) 
only up to (but excluding) the Early Redemption Date and such unpaid interest amount will 
constitute ‘x’; 
(ii) 
the hypothetical transactions will also terminate early and, in this case, we assume that an amount 
of ‘y’ (expressed as a negative number) is payable to the Issuer by the hypothetical swap 
counterparty as a result of such early termination; 
(iii) 
on the Early Redemption Date, the Index Skew Note will be early redeemed in full at the Index 
Skew Early Redemption Amount (Original Investment (10,000), plus accrued, but unpaid, 
interest (x), minus Hypothetical Swap Termination Value, if payable by Issuer (0), plus absolute 
value of Hypothetical Swap Termination Value, if payable to Issuer (y), minus unwind costs 
(100)).  
An amount equal to (10,000 + x + y – 100) will be payable to the investor.  
 
Scenario: In addition to the general assumptions above, this example assumes the following: 
(a) 
the Issuer is the buyer of credit protection under the Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction 
and the seller of credit protection under the Hypothetical Single Name Set; 
(b) 
Cash Settlement is the applicable Settlement Method under the hypothetical transactions; 
(c) 
an Obligation Default Credit Event occurs in respect of R77; 
(d) 
a Governmental Intervention Credit Event occurs in respect of R100; 
(e) 
no succession event has occurred in respect of any Reference Entity; 
(f) 
an Early Redemption Event (i.e. a Section 871(m) Event) occurs in respect of the Index Skew Note; 
(g) 
the Index Skew Note has not been previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled; and 
(h) 
unwind costs of 100 are determined.

--- Page 687 ---
INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS 
687 
PART B: INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS 
The provisions set out in this Part B are the conditions (the “Index Skew Conditions”) that will apply to the 
Notes if the relevant Issue Terms provide that “Index Skew Notes” are applicable (the “Index Skew Notes”). 
These Index Skew Conditions apply as completed by the relevant Final Terms or as completed, modified and/or 
supplemented by the relevant Pricing Supplement, as applicable. In the case of any inconsistency between these 
Index Skew Conditions and the General Conditions, these Index Skew Conditions will prevail. For the 
avoidance of doubt, any clarificatory language herein in bold and italicised shall not form part of the Index 
Skew Conditions. 
Words and expressions defined or used in the relevant Issue Terms shall have the same meanings where used 
in these Index Skew Conditions or General Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise 
stated. The definitions and provisions contained in the 2014 ISDA Definitions are incorporated into and will 
apply to these Index Skew Conditions. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Index Skew Conditions 
or elsewhere in the General Conditions applicable to the Index Skew Notes will have the meanings given to 
them in the relevant Issue Terms. References in these Index Skew Conditions to “Index Skew Notes” are to the 
Index Skew Notes, as the case may be, of one Series only, not to all Index Skew Notes that may be issued under 
the Programme.  
Unless otherwise specified, references in these Index Skew Conditions to an Index Skew Condition are to the 
corresponding provision of these Index Skew Conditions. 
1 
Principal and Interest Payouts on Index Skew Notes 
(a) 
Introduction 
Index Skew Notes are Notes pursuant to which the Issuer is deemed to have hypothetically entered into 
two separate Hypothetical Skew Transactions (together referred to as an Index Skew Position) under 
which the Issuer is a buyer of credit protection under one Hypothetical Skew Transaction and the seller 
of credit protection under the other Hypothetical Skew Transaction, such that following the occurrence 
of a Credit Event in respect of a Reference Entity referenced under both Hypothetical Skew Transactions, 
the Issuer’s exposure under both Hypothetical Skew Transactions taken together offset each other. As a 
result, the payments required to be made by or to the Issuer under such Hypothetical Skew Transactions 
are intended to be zero due to the application of payment netting. 
However, if the Hypothetical Skew Transactions were to terminate early due to an early redemption of 
the Index Skew Notes, a termination payment would be determined in respect of each Hypothetical Skew 
Transaction and this may result in an amount being payable either to or by the Issuer. Such amount, less 
any unwind costs, will be reflected in the amount payable to Noteholders upon the early redemption of 
the Index Skew Notes.  
(b) 
Accrual of Interest  
If the relevant Issue Terms specify that interest is payable in respect of Index Skew Notes, then interest 
shall accrue on the Index Skew Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount in accordance with General 
Condition 5 (Interest) from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date to (but excluding) the 
earlier of (a) the Scheduled Maturity Date; and (b) an Early Redemption Date or Optional Redemption 
Date, as applicable, which results in the Index Skew Notes being redeemed in full, and payment of the 
relevant interest amount shall be made on such date. The occurrence of an Event Determination Date in 
respect of a Reference Entity referenced by the relevant Hypothetical Skew Transactions shall not result 
in a writedown of the Index Skew Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount.

--- Page 688 ---
INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS 
688 
For the avoidance of doubt, interest shall continue to accrue and be payable on the Index Skew Notes 
as above regardless of the occurrence of an Event Determination Date in respect of a Reference Entity 
referenced by the relevant Hypothetical Skew Transactions. No interest shall accrue on any Index 
Skew Note on or after the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(c) 
Redemption on the Maturity Date  
Unless the Index Skew Notes have been previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled by the 
Issuer, each outstanding Index Skew Note shall be redeemed in accordance with General Condition 6(a) 
(Final Redemption or Termination).  
(d) 
Early Redemption of the Index Skew Notes 
Unless previously redeemed in full or purchased and cancelled, following the occurrence of any of the 
events set out in General Conditions 6(b)(i) (Early Redemption for Taxation Reasons) to (vii) 
(Realisation Disruption Event), the Issuer will redeem each Outstanding Index Skew Note in full by 
payment of the Index Skew Early Redemption Amount on the Early Redemption Date or Optional 
Redemption Date, as applicable, in accordance with the General Conditions.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the occurrence of one or more Credit Events in respect of the Reference 
Entities referenced by each Hypothetical Skew Transaction will not result in the early redemption of 
the Index Skew Notes and no actual amounts will be payable to the Noteholders under or in 
connection with the Index Skew Notes. In such circumstance, the payment under each Hypothetical 
Skew Transaction is intended to be equal to zero due to the application of payment netting.  
2 
Entry into an Index Skew Position 
(a) 
On the Issue Date, the Issuer is deemed to have entered into an Index Skew Position with the 
Hypothetical Swap Counterparty. 
(b) 
An “Index Skew Position” will be constituted by the following Hypothetical Skew Transactions: 
(i) 
a Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction; and 
(ii) 
a Hypothetical Single Name Set, 
provided that the Issuer shall be the buyer of credit protection under one Hypothetical Skew Transaction 
and the seller of credit protection under the other Hypothetical Skew Transaction. 
(c) 
In each Index Skew Position, the Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction and Hypothetical Single 
Name Set will be referred to as “related” or “corresponding” to each other, and the relevant Hypothetical 
Index Untranched Transaction and Hypothetical Single Name Transactions will be the “constituent 
Hypothetical Skew Transactions” in respect of such Index Skew Position.  
(d) 
In order to preserve the equal and opposite effect of each Hypothetical Skew Transaction, save in the 
case of any calculation relating to the Hypothetical Swap Termination Value, any determination or action 
taken by the Calculation Agent and/or the Issuer under any Hypothetical Skew Transaction shall be 
deemed to be a determination or action taken under the other Hypothetical Skew Transaction and where 
relevant, in equal amounts. 
3 
Initial Payment and Offsetting Settlements 
(a) 
No Initial Payment Amount will be made by the Issuer or the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty on the 
Issue Date.

--- Page 689 ---
INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS 
689 
(b) 
The hypothetical payment obligations of the Issuer and the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty (where 
applicable) in connection with a Fixed Rate Payer Payment Date and related Fixed Amounts, the Auction 
Settlement Date or Cash Settlement Date (as applicable) with respect to the occurrence of a Credit Event 
and related Event Determination Date in respect of a Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction and an 
off-setting Hypothetical Single Name Transaction will be equal and opposite, and therefore no net 
amount in respect thereof would be hypothetically payable by the Issuer to the Hypothetical Swap 
Counterparty or vice versa under or in connection with the Index Skew Notes as a result thereof due to 
the application of payment netting. 
4 
Applicable Event Determination Date 
Notwithstanding the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions or anything to the contrary contained in the 
Hypothetical Skew Confirmation, an Event Determination Date will only occur in relation to the constituent 
Hypothetical Skew Transaction where: 
(a) 
a Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred and a DC Credit Event Announcement is made in 
relation to any Reference Entity under the constituent Hypothetical Skew Transaction; or 
(b) 
a Credit Event Notice is delivered, or deemed to have been delivered, by the Calculation Agent to the 
Issuer (and, in turn, the Issuer will be deemed to have delivered such Credit Event Notice to the 
Hypothetical Swap Counterparty). 
5 
Cash Settlement 
Where “Fallback Settlement” applies, the Calculation Agent may (but shall not be obliged to) apply Cash 
Settlement to determine the Final Price for the relevant component of the Hypothetical Index Untranched 
Transaction and the corresponding Hypothetical Single Name Transaction referencing the same Reference 
Entity. In such circumstances, the Cash Settlement Amount relating to the relevant component of the 
Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction and the corresponding Hypothetical Single Name Transaction 
referencing the same Reference Entity shall be determined on the basis of the same quotation resulting in the 
same Final Price. 
6 
Merger of Reference Entity and Seller 
Section 11.4 (Merger of Reference Entity and Seller) of the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions will not 
apply to any Hypothetical Skew Transaction.  
7 
M(M)R Restructuring 
Upon the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring with respect to a Reference Entity referenced by the 
constituent Hypothetical Skew Transaction, the Calculation Agent and/or the Issuer under each Hypothetical 
Skew Transaction may deliver multiple Credit Event Notices with respect to such M(M)R Restructuring. Where 
the relevant Reference Entity is subject to a partial M(M)R Restructuring, the Calculation Agent will be required 
to deliver to the Issuer a Credit Event Notice for the portion of the Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount in 
respect of such Reference Entity with respect to each Hypothetical Skew Transaction and such amount shall be 
deemed to be the Exercise Amount, provided that where a full M(M)R Restructuring has occurred, the Exercise 
Amount will be the total Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount in respect of such Reference Entity (and not 
a portion thereof) with respect to each Hypothetical Skew Transaction, and in such case, a single Credit Event 
Notice for the total Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount will be deemed to have been delivered by the 
Calculation Agent to the Issuer (and, in turn, in each case, the Issuer will be deemed to have delivered such 
Credit Event Notice to the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty).

--- Page 690 ---
INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS 
690 
8 
Successors 
(a) 
Following a succession, if more than one Successor has been identified in relation to any Reference 
Entity under each Hypothetical Skew Transaction pursuant to Section 2.2 (Provisions for Determining 
a Successor) of the Credit Derivatives Definitions, each such Successor will be a Reference Entity (a 
“Successor Reference Entity”) for the purposes of the constituent Hypothetical Skew Transactions 
referencing such Reference Entity (and, for the avoidance of doubt, the original Reference Entity shall 
cease to be a Reference Entity except where it is a Successor Reference Entity). 
(b) 
In the case where the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee does not identify any Successor in 
relation to any Reference Entity under a relevant Hypothetical Single Name Transaction and the Index 
Sponsor identifies one or more Successors in relation to any Reference Entity under the Hypothetical 
Index Untranched Transaction, the identification of such Successor will also be deemed to apply to the 
relevant Hypothetical Single Name Transaction relating to such Reference Entity.  
9 
Reference Obligations 
Where there is no Standard Reference Obligation and the Index Sponsor publishes a replacement Reference 
Obligation in relation to any Reference Entity under the Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction, the 
identification of such Reference Obligation will also be deemed to apply to the relevant Hypothetical Single 
Name Transaction. Where a Non-Standard Reference Obligation applies to the constituent Hypothetical Skew 
Transactions, the same Non-Standard Reference Obligation will apply with respect to the relevant Reference 
Entity for the Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction and each Hypothetical Single Name Transaction in 
the related Hypothetical Single Name Set. 
10 
Changes in determination 
If any matter to be determined by a party hereunder has also been determined by the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee then such party may, in its sole discretion, make its determination or change any 
determination previously made by it so as to be consistent with the relevant determination of such Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee, provided that any such determination or change in determination shall 
be applied equally to the constituent Hypothetical Skew Transactions in order to achieve the same economic 
effect under each such Hypothetical Skew Transaction. 
11 
Deemed changes to the Index Annex  
If there are deemed changes to the Index Annex with respect to the Eligible Index, the same changes shall be 
applied equally to the constituent Hypothetical Skew Transactions in order to achieve the same economic effect 
under each such Hypothetical Skew Transaction. 
12 
Optional Early Redemption 
If the Issuer exercises its option to early redeem the Index Skew Notes in accordance with General Condition 
6(b)(v) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), then notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions, 
the Optional Redemption Amount shall be the Index Skew Early Redemption Amount.  
13 
Definitions 
The following definitions which relate to the Index Skew Notes should be read in conjunction with the Index 
Skew Conditions. Where terms are used but not defined in these Index Skew Conditions, they will have the 
meaning given to them in General Condition 1(a) (General Definitions).

--- Page 691 ---
INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS 
691 
“2014 ISDA Definitions” means the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, as published by ISDA, as 
amended and supplemented from time to time. 
“Eligible Index” means, in respect of a Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction, any credit index as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion and as specified in the applicable Issue Terms.  
“Hypothetical Index Untranched Swap Confirmation” means a confirmation in respect of and evidencing a 
Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction that: 
(a) 
is deemed to be documented under the “Documentation Form” specified in the Issue Terms;  
(b) 
incorporates the 2014 ISDA Definitions and any relevant supplements set out in the Issue Terms; and  
(c) 
with respect to any Reference Entity referenced in the Eligible Index, has the terms as set out in the 
“Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction General Terms” as specified in the Issue Terms. 
“Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction” means a hypothetical index untranched credit derivative 
transaction under which the Issuer is the buyer of credit protection (where the Issuer is the seller of credit 
protection under the corresponding Hypothetical Single Name Set) or the seller of credit protection (where the 
Issuer is the buyer of credit protection under the corresponding Hypothetical Single Name Set) that: 
(a) 
references an Eligible Index with a Scheduled Termination Date as specified in the applicable Issue 
Terms; 
(b) 
is denominated in the currency in which such Eligible Index trades; and 
(c) 
has an Original Notional Amount set out in the relevant Issue Terms. 
“Hypothetical ISDA Master Agreement” means a hypothetical single agreement in the pre-printed form of 
the 2002 ISDA Master Agreement and Schedule thereto hypothetically entered into between the Issuer and the 
Hypothetical Swap Counterparty on the Issue Date, with the following elections in such Schedule: 
(a) 
Termination Currency is the Settlement Currency of the Index Skew Notes; 
(b) 
the governing law is English law; and  
(c) 
the Calculation Agent is specified as the “Calculation Agent”. 
“Hypothetical Single Name Set” means a set of Hypothetical Single Name Transactions. 
“Hypothetical Single Name Swap Confirmation” means a confirmation in respect of and evidencing a 
Hypothetical Single Name Transaction that: 
(a) 
deemed to be documented under the “Documentation Form” specified in the Issue Terms; 
(b) 
incorporates the 2014 ISDA Definitions and any relevant supplements set out in the Issue Terms; and  
(c) 
with respect to any Reference Entity referenced in the Eligible Index, has the terms as set out in the 
“Hypothetical Single Name Transaction General Terms” as specified in the Issue Terms. 
“Hypothetical Single Name Transaction” means a hypothetical single name credit derivative transaction 
under which the Issuer is either the buyer of credit protection (where the Issuer is the seller of credit protection 
under the corresponding Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction) or the seller of credit protection (where 
the Issuer is the buyer of credit protection under the corresponding Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction) 
that:

--- Page 692 ---
INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS 
692 
(a) 
references one of the Reference Entities and related Reference Obligation contained in the Eligible Index 
referenced by the corresponding Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction and specified as one of the 
Reference Entities in the Hypothetical Index Untranched Swap Confirmation; 
(b) 
in aggregate, together with other constituent Hypothetical Single Name Transactions in the relevant 
Hypothetical Single Name Set, offset the exposure of the corresponding Hypothetical Index Untranched 
Transaction;  
(c) 
is denominated in the currency in which such Eligible Index trades; 
(d) 
has the same Scheduled Termination Date as the Eligible Index; and 
(e) 
has a Floating Rate Payer Calculation Amount equal to the Reference Entity Notional Amount of the 
same Reference Entity referenced by the corresponding Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction. 
“Hypothetical Skew Confirmation” means the Hypothetical Index Untranched Swap Confirmation and the 
Hypothetical Single Name Swap Confirmation, each of which will be deemed to supplement, form part of and 
be subject to, the Hypothetical ISDA Master Agreement. 
“Hypothetical Skew Transaction” means, at any time, the Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction and 
each Hypothetical Single Name Transaction within the Hypothetical Single Name Set, to the extent outstanding 
at such time. Each outstanding Hypothetical Skew Transaction, as evidenced by the Hypothetical Skew 
Confirmation will be deemed to constitute a Transaction under and for the purposes of the Hypothetical ISDA 
Master Agreement for as long as it is outstanding (and shall be the only Transactions under the Hypothetical 
ISDA Master Agreement).  
“Hypothetical Swap Counterparty” means a hypothetical entity with materially the same market, accounting, 
tax and regulatory profile as Citibank, N.A. (or one of its branches), Citigroup Global Markets Limited or such 
other entity as specified in the Issue Terms. 
“Hypothetical Swap Termination Value” means an amount (which may be positive or negative), denominated 
in the Settlement Currency and determined by the Calculation Agent as of the Early Termination Date (as 
designated pursuant to paragraph (b) of this definition below) equal to the amount which would hypothetically 
be payable in connection with Section 6(e) (Payments on Early Termination) of the Hypothetical ISDA Master 
Agreement as if: 
(a) 
an Additional Termination Event had occurred in respect of which the Issuer is the sole Affected Party 
and all Transactions are Affected Transactions;  
(b) 
in connection with such Additional Termination Event, the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty had validly 
designated a day during the period on and from the date of the event or circumstance giving rise to the 
early redemption of the Index Skew Notes pursuant to General Condition 6(b) (Early Redemption of the 
Notes) to but excluding the Early Redemption Date or the Optional Redemption Date, as applicable, as 
an Early Termination Date; and  
(c) 
there were no Unpaid Amounts as of such Early Redemption Date or Optional Redemption Date, as 
applicable.  
The Hypothetical Swap Termination Value will be expressed as (x) a negative number if it would be 
hypothetically payable by the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty to the Issuer, and (y) a positive number if it 
would hypothetically be payable by the Issuer to the Hypothetical Swap Counterparty. The terms “Additional 
Termination Event”, “Affected Party”, “Affected Transactions”, “Early Termination Date”, “Transactions” and 
“Unpaid Amounts” will have the meaning given to them in the Hypothetical ISDA Master Agreement.

--- Page 693 ---
INDEX SKEW CONDITIONS 
693 
“Index Skew Early Redemption Amount” means, in respect of each Index Skew Note, an amount determined 
by the Calculation Agent (subject to a minimum of zero) in the Settlement Currency equal to such Index Skew 
Note’s pro rata share of: 
(a) 
the Index Skew Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount; plus 
(b) 
accrued, but unpaid, interest on such Index Skew Notes to (but excluding) the Early Redemption Date 
or Optional Redemption Date, as applicable; minus 
(c) 
the Hypothetical Swap Termination Value; minus 
(d) 
unwind costs, if any, 
in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Index Skew Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount” means, in respect of Index Skew Notes, on any day, 
an amount equal to the original aggregate nominal amount of such Index Skew Notes, as adjusted for any partial 
redemptions, amortisations, cancellations or further issues of the Index Skew Notes of such Series on or prior 
to such date. 
“Index Skew Position” has the meaning given to it in Index Skew Condition 2 (Entry into an Index Skew 
Position).

--- Page 694 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
694 
SECTION G.5 – PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – [Other than with respect to offers of the 
Notes in [specify jurisdiction(s)] for which a PRIIPs KID is being prepared] [during the period[s] [●]-[●] (repeat 
periods as necessary),] [T]/[t]he Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area 
(“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”). 
Consequently[, save as provided above,] no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] (Legend 
to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products or the Issuer 
wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should 
be specified to be “Applicable”). 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – [Other than with respect to offers of the Notes 
during the period[s] [●]-[●] (repeat periods as necessary),] [T]/[t]he Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
“retained EU law”, as defined in the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act (as amended, “FSMA”) and 
any rules or regulations made under FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA (the “UK Prospectus 
Regulation”). Consequently[, save as provided above,] no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. (Legend to be included on front of the 
Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products or the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to 
UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be 
“Applicable”).]” 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO SWISS PRIVATE CLIENTS – The Notes are not intended to be, and may 
not be offered or recommended to private clients within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act 
(“FinSA”). For these purposes, a private client means a person who is not a professional client under Articles 
4 and 5 FinSA. Consequently, no prospectus or key information document according to FinSA or any equivalent 
document under FinSA has been or will be prepared in relation to the Notes. The Notes do not constitute a 
participation in a collective investment scheme in the meaning of the Swiss Collective Investment Schemes Act 
(“CISA”) and are not subject to supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (“FINMA”), 
and investors in Notes will not benefit from protection under CISA or supervision by FINMA. Notes issued 
under the Programme are neither issued nor guaranteed by a Swiss financial intermediary. Investors are exposed 
to the credit risk of the Issuer.

--- Page 695 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
695 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the “SFA”) - 
The Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), 
the classification of the Notes as prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in 
MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products)]. (To insert notice if classification of the Notes is not “capital 
markets products other than prescribed capital markets products”, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA or 
Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). Relevant Dealer(s) 
to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the 
launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA. A notification of the product classification is required 
as long as an offer of securities is contemplated in Singapore and the offer is not, or not intended to be, restricted 
to persons specified in Regulation 2 of the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 
of Singapore (i.e. an “accredited investor”, “expert investor”, “institutional investor” or “any other person 
that is not an individual”).) 
[The Base Prospectus expires on [●] December 2023 and the Issuer and the Guarantor intend that the Base 
Prospectus will be updated immediately thereafter. The updated base prospectus will be available on the website 
of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/).] (Include in respect of a Tranche of Notes for which the offer 
spans an update of the Base Prospectus.) 
Final Terms dated [●] 
[Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc.]/[Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A.] 
(Delete as applicable.) 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
[82VOJDD5PTRDMVVMGV31]/[549300EVRWDWFJUNNP53] 
Issue of [Specify Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche/(specify aggregate number of Notes)] [Title of 
Notes] 
[Guaranteed by Citigroup Inc.] (Delete where the Issuer is CGMFL.) [Guaranteed by Citigroup Global 
Markets Limited] (Delete where the Issuer is CGMHI.)  
Under the Citi U.S.$10,000,000,000 Citigroup Global and Regional Issuance Programme 
[The Notes do not constitute a participation in a collective investment scheme in the meaning of the Federal 
Act on Collective Investment Schemes and are not licensed by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory 
Authority (FINMA) thereunder. Accordingly, neither the Notes nor holders of the Notes benefit from protection 
under the Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes or supervision by the Swiss Financial Market 
Supervisory Authority (FINMA) and investors are exposed to the credit risk of the Issuer [and the CGMHI 
Guarantor] (Delete where the Issuer is CGMFL.) [and the CGMFL Guarantor] (Delete where the Issuer is 
CGMHI).] (Include this legend where the Notes are offered in Switzerland.) 
[Subject as provided above, any]/[Any] person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes in any 
Member State of the EEA or in the UK in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus 
Regulation, as applicable, may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or section 85 of FSMA or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation or Article 23 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer.

--- Page 696 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
696 
None of the Issuer[, the CGMHI Guarantor] (Delete where the Issuer is CGMFL.) [, the CGMFL Guarantor] 
(Delete where the Issuer is CGMHI.) and any Dealer has authorised, nor do any of them authorise, the making 
of any offer of Notes in any other circumstances. 
For the purposes hereof, the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as 
amended) and “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of “retained 
EU law”, as defined in the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. 
The Notes [and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee] (Delete where the Issuer is CGMFL.) [and the CGMFL Deed 
of Guarantee] (Delete where the Issuer is CGMHI.) have not been and will not be registered under the United 
States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) or any state securities law. [The Notes [and 
the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee] (Delete where the Issuer is CGMFL.) [and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee] 
(Delete where the Issuer is CGMHI) are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons 
in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”) and may not be offered or sold within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person. As used herein, the term “U.S. person” 
refers to any person who is (i) a “U.S. person” within the meaning of Regulation S or (ii) a “United States 
person” within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended 
(the “Code”). Each purchaser of the Notes or any beneficial interest therein will be deemed to have represented 
and agreed that it is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person and will not sell, pledge or otherwise 
transfer the Notes or any beneficial interest therein at any time within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, a U.S. person, other than the Issuer or any affiliate thereof.] (Include for Notes offered on reliance 
on Regulation S.) [The Notes and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee are being offered and sold solely to “qualified 
institutional buyers” (“QIBs”) in reliance on the exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided 
by Rule 144A thereunder (“Rule 144A”). Each purchaser of the Notes or any beneficial interest therein will be 
deemed to have represented and agreed that it and each account for which it is purchasing (or holding) Notes is 
a QIB and that it will not sell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Notes or any beneficial interest therein at any 
time to any person other than (a) the Issuer or any affiliate thereof or (b) a person it reasonably believes to be a 
QIB purchasing the Notes for its own account or for the account of one or more QIBs in a transaction meeting 
the requirements of Rule 144A and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any State of the United 
States and any other jurisdiction.] (Include for Notes offered in reliance on Rule 144A.) The Notes [and the 
CGMHI Deed of Guarantee] (Delete where the Issuer is CGMFL.) [and the CGMFL Deed of Guarantee] (Delete 
where the Issuer is CGMHI.) do not constitute, and have not been marketed as, contracts of sale of a commodity 
for future delivery (or options thereon) subject to the United States Commodity Exchange Act, as amended, and 
trading in the Notes has not been approved by the United States Commodity Futures Trading Commission under 
the United States Commodity Exchange Act, as amended. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and 
sales of Notes, see “General Information relating to the issue of Notes under this Base Prospectus” and 
“Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions” in the Base Prospectus. 
The Notes may not be offered or sold to, or acquired by, any person that is, or whose purchase and holding of 
the Notes is made on behalf of or with “plan assets” of, an employee benefit plan subject to Title I of the U.S. 
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”), a plan, individual retirement 
account or other arrangement subject to Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended 
(the “Code”), or an employee benefit plan or other plan or arrangement subject to any laws, rules or regulations 
substantially similar to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
The Notes are also [Swedish Notes [(and therefore the Issuer shall have the right to obtain extracts from the 
register of creditors (Sw. skuldbok) from Euroclear Sweden)]] [and] [Finnish Notes [(and therefore the Issuer 
shall, subject to regulations of Euroclear Finland and applicable laws, be entitled to acquire from Euroclear

--- Page 697 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
697 
Finland a list of the holders of Finnish Notes, PROVIDED THAT it is technically possible for Euroclear Finland 
to maintain such a list)]. (Delete as applicable) 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth under the 
section[s] entitled “General Conditions of the Notes” [and [“Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference 
Entity)”][“Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity)”][“Index Skew Conditions”] (Delete as 
applicable)] in the Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full 
information on the Issuer[, the CGMHI Guarantor] (Delete where the Issuer is CGMFL.) [, the CGMFL 
Guarantor] (Delete where the Issuer is CGMHI.) and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of this Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented].  
The Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s]] [is] [are] available for viewing at the offices of the Paying Agents 
and on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/). [In addition, this Final Terms is available 
on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/) (N.B. Consideration should be given as to how 
the Final Terms will be published in the event that the Notes are not listed on Euronext Dublin but are publicly 
offered)] (Delete as applicable).  
[Use this paragraph if the Base Prospectus has not been supplemented: For the purposes hereof, “Base 
Prospectus” means the [CGMHI/CGMFL] [●] Base Prospectus in relation to the Programme dated 16 
December 2022.]  
[Use this paragraph if the Base Prospectus has been supplemented: For the purposes hereof, “Base Prospectus” 
means the [CGMHI/CGMFL] [●] Base Prospectus relating to the Programme dated 16 December 2022, as 
supplemented by a Supplement (No.[●]) dated [●] ([the] Supplement [No. [●]]) [and a Supplement (No. [●]) 
dated [●] (Supplement No. [●] and, together with Supplement No. [●], the “Supplements”)].] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under the Base Prospectus dated 10 December 2021: 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) 
set forth under the section[s] entitled “General Conditions of the Notes” [and [“Credit Linked 
Conditions”][“Index Skew Conditions”] (Delete as applicable)], in the Base Prospectus [as supplemented by 
the Supplement[s]]. 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Current Base Prospectus [and the 
Supplement[s] to the Current Base Prospectus], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions which are extracted from the Base Prospectus 
[as supplemented by the Supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] and are incorporated by reference into the 
Current Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer[, the CGMHI Guarantor] (Delete where the Issuer is 
CGMFL.) [, the CGMFL Guarantor] (Delete where the Issuer is CGMHI.) and the offer of the Notes is only 
available on the basis of the combination of this Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s] 
to the Base Prospectus] and the Current Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s] to the Current Base 
Prospectus].  
The Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] and the Current Base Prospectus [and the 
Supplement[s] to the Current Base Prospectus] are available for viewing at the offices of the Paying Agents and 
on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/). [In addition, this [Final Terms is available [on 
the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/)].] (N.B. Consideration should be given as to how

--- Page 698 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
698 
the Final Terms will be published in the event that the Notes are not listed on Euronext Dublin but are publicly 
offered) 
[Use this paragraph if the Conditions have not been amended by way of a Supplement to the Base Prospectus: 
For the purposes hereof, “Base Prospectus” means the [CGMHI/CGMFL] [●] Base Prospectus relating to the 
Programme dated 16 December 2022.] 
[Use this paragraph if the Conditions have been amended by way of a Supplement to the Base Prospectus: For 
the purposes hereof, “Base Prospectus” means the [CGMHI/CGMFL] [●] Base Prospectus relating to the 
Programme dated 16 December 2022, as supplemented by a Supplement (No.[●]) dated [●] ([the] “Supplement 
[to the Base Prospectus] ” [No.[●]]) [and a Supplement (No.[●]) dated [●] (“Supplement No. [●]” and, 
together with Supplement No.[●], the “Supplements to the Base Prospectus”)].] 
[Use this paragraph if the Current Base Prospectus has not been supplemented: For the purposes hereof, 
“Current Base Prospectus” means the [CGMHI/CGMFL] [●] Base Prospectus relating to the Programme 
dated 16 December 2022.] 
[Use this paragraph if the Current Base Prospectus has been supplemented: For the purposes hereof, “Current 
Base Prospectus” means the [CGMHI/CGMFL] [●] Base Prospectus relating to the Programme dated 16 
December 2022, as supplemented by a Supplement (No.[●]) dated [●] ([the] “Supplement [to the Current 
Base Prospectus] ” [No.[●]]) [and a Supplement (No.[●]) dated [●] (“Supplement No. [●]” and, together with 
Supplement No.[●], the “Supplements to the Current Base Prospectus”)].]] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub paragraphs. 
Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
[When completing any final terms consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
1
(i) 
Issuer: 
[Citigroup 
Global 
Markets 
Holdings 
Inc.]/[Citigroup 
Global 
Markets 
Funding 
Luxembourg S.C.A.]  
 
(ii) 
Guarantor: 
[Citigroup 
Inc.]/[Citigroup 
Global 
Markets 
Limited] 
 
 
(N.B. only Notes issued by Citigroup Global 
Markets Holdings Inc. are guaranteed by Citigroup 
Inc. Only Notes issued by Citigroup Global 
Markets 
Funding 
Luxembourg 
S.C.A. 
are 
guaranteed by Citigroup Global Markets Limited) 
2
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
 
(If fungible with an existing Series, details of that 
Series, including the date on which the Notes 
become fungible) 
 
(iii) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single Series: 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 699 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
699 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [●]/[the 
Issue Date]]  
3
Settlement Currency or currencies:  
[●]  
4
[Aggregate Principal Amount]/[Number of 
Notes]: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●]  
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●] 
5
Issue Price: 
[[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date](insert for 
fungible issues, if applicable)]/[[●] per Note] 
6
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
 
 
(In the case of Registered Notes, this means the 
minimum integral amount in which transfers can be 
made) 
 
 
(In respect of Swedish Notes and Finnish Notes 
which are Notes, there shall be one denomination 
only.) 
(Minimum Specified Denomination of €100,000 
where a summary is not being produced.) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
 
 
(The applicable Calculation Amount will be (i) if 
there is only one Specified Denomination, the 
Specified Denomination of the relevant Notes or (ii) 
if there are several Specified Denominations or 
there is a Specified Denomination and integral 
multiples above that, the lowest integral multiple of 
those Specified Denominations.) 
7
(i) 
Trade Date: 
[[●]] 
 
(ii) 
Issue Date: 
[[●]] 
 
(iii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[●]/[Issue Date]/[Not Applicable]  
8
Scheduled Maturity Date: 
[[●]/[, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
[Modified]/[Preceding]/[Following] Business Day 
Convention]/[Interest Payment Date falling on or 
nearest to [●]]/[●]][and extension in accordance 
with Credit Linked Condition 14 (Scheduled 
Maturity Date Extension)] (Only applicable if Note 
is a Credit-Linked Note and “2014 Reference 
Entity” applies) / [and extension in accordance 
with Credit Linked Condition 6 (Scheduled 
Maturity Date Extension)] (Only applicable if Note 
is a Credit-Linked Note and “2003 Reference 
Entity” applies)

--- Page 700 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
700 
9
Type of Interest: 
[[Fixed 
Rate 
Notes]/[Floating 
Rate 
Notes]/[Inflation 
Linked 
Notes]/[CMS 
Rate 
Notes]/[Spread 
Notes]/[Range 
Accrual 
Notes]/[Zero 
Coupon 
Notes]] 
(Repeat 
as 
necessary) 
10
Type of Redemption: 
[Redemption 
at 
Maturity]/[Redemption 
by 
Instalments] 
11
Reference Item: 
[[●] (Specify Rate or Inflation Index)]/[Not 
Applicable]  
12
Call Options: 
[Issuer Call as specified in item 22(i) below]/[Not 
Applicable]  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST AMOUNTS 
13
(i) 
Interest: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable – the Notes do not 
bear or pay interest] (For Local Access Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access Basket 
Credit Linked Notes, delete this whole section) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
— 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Interest 
Rate(s) 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s): 
[Calculation Agent]/[●] 
 
 
(ii) 
Specified Note Valuation Date:  
[●] 
14
Fixed Rate Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[●] [in each [year]/[month] from, and including, 
[●] to and including, [●]] (each a “Scheduled 
Interest Payment Date”) [adjusted in accordance 
with [specify Business Day Convention]/[not 
adjusted] [(See General Condition 7(g) (Business 
Day Convention))]] [As set out in paragraph 14(ii)] 
[As set out in the “Interest Table”] 
(if more than one fixed interest amount, specify 
Interest Payment Dates to which each fixed rate 
applies by inserting an “Interest Table” below) 
 
(ii) 
Interest Period End Date(s): 
[Each] [Scheduled Interest Payment Date(s)]/[●]] 
[in each [year]/[month] from, and including, [●] to 
and including, [●]], not adjusted 
[As set out in the “Interest Table”] (Specify each 
Interest Period End Date by inserting an “Interest 
Table” (as applicable) below) 
 
(iii) 
Accrual: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 701 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
701 
 
(iv) 
[Interest Amount[s]: 
 
 
(a) 
Interest Rate[s]: 
Fixed Interest Rate 
 
– 
Specified Fixed Rate[s]: 
[[●] per cent. per annum]/[[As set out in the 
“Interest Table”] (specify each Specified Fixed Rate 
if more than one by inserting an “Interest Table” 
below)]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Margin(s): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-]/[●] per cent. per annum]/[[As 
set out in the “Interest Table”] (specify each Margin 
if more than one by inserting an “Interest Table” 
below)] 
 
– 
Interest Participation 
Rate: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]/[[As set out in the “Interest 
Table”] (specify each Interest Participation Rate if 
more than one by inserting an “Interest Table” 
below)] 
 
(b) Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360]  
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
Determination Dates: [●] in each year (insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue date 
or scheduled maturity date in the case of a long or 
short first or last coupon.) 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360]  
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis]/[30E/360 (ISDA)]  
[1/1]  
(If Accrual is “Not Applicable”, delete these sub-
paragraphs) 
 
(c) 
Range Accrual Notes: 
[Applicable: see paragraph 17]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
[Accrual Interest Rate: 
[●] (If not applicable, delete)]] (If Accrual is “Not 
Applicable”, delete these sub-paragraphs) 
 
(v) 
[Interest Amount[s]: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in]/[on]] [●]]/[As set 
out in the “Interest Table”] (specify each Interest 
Amount if more than one by inserting an “Interest 
Table” below)] (If Accrual is “Applicable”, delete 
this sub-paragraph) 
(Insert the table below if “Accrual” applies and more than one Specified Fixed Rate, Margin and/or Interest 
Participation Rate applies)

--- Page 702 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
702 
[“Interest Table”] 
[Interest Period End 
Date(s)]/ 
[Interest Payment 
Date(s)] 
[Specified Fixed Rate(s)] 
[Margin]  
(Delete if Margin is 
not applicable for all 
Interest Periods) 
[Interest Participation 
Rate]  
(Delete if Interest 
Participation Rate is not 
applicable for all Interest 
Periods) 
[Minimum]/[Maximum 
Interest Amount]  
(Insert for Range Accrual 
Notes where 
Minimum/Maximum 
Interest Amount is 
specified for any Interest 
Period/Interest Payment 
Date) 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s)]/[●] 
in 
each 
year 
[adjusted 
in 
accordance 
with 
[specify Business Day 
Convention]/[not 
adjusted]] (repeat as 
required) 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(repeat as required) 
[Not Applicable]/[+/-
]/[●] per cent. per 
annum] (repeat as 
required) 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
(Insert the table below if “Accrual” does not apply and more than one Interest Amount is payable) 
[“Interest Table”] 
[Interest Payment Date(s)] 
[Interest Amount] 
[●] [in each year] [adjusted in accordance with 
(Specify Business Day Convention)]/[not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 7(g) (Business Day 
Convention))] 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
 
15
Floating Rate Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[●] [in each [year]/[month] from, and including, 
[●] to and including, [●]] [adjusted in accordance 
with [specify Business Day Convention]/[not 
adjusted] [(See General Condition 7(g) (Business 
Day Convention))]] [As set out in paragraph 15(ii)] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Period End Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)]/[●]] [in each 
[year]/[month] from, and including, [●] to and 
including, [●]] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]/[not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 7(g) (Business Day 
Convention))]

--- Page 703 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
703 
[As set out in the [Reference Rate]/[Floating Rate] 
Table] (Specify each Interest Period End Date by 
inserting a Reference Rate Table or Floating Rate 
Table (as applicable) below) 
 
(iii) 
Method 
of 
Floating 
Rate 
Determination: 
[[General Screen Rate Determination]/[USD 
LIBOR Screen Rate Determination]/[SONIA 
Screen Rate Determination]/[SOFR Screen Rate 
Determination]/[€STR 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination]/[SARON 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination]/[ISDA Determination] applies] 
 
(iv) 
Range Accrual Notes: 
[Applicable: see paragraph 17]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
General Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Reference Rate: 
[insert 
currency] 
[EURIBOR]/[LIBOR]/[STIBOR]/[NIBOR]/[CIB
OR]/[ROBOR]/[TIBOR]/[HIBOR]/[BBSW 
(being the Sydney average mid rate for AUD bills 
of exchange)]/[BKBM (being the Wellington rate 
for New Zealand Dollar bills of exchange)] 
[As set out in the Reference Rate Table] (Specify 
the Reference Rate (and other details of such 
Reference Rate) which applies to each Interest 
Period ending on an Interest Period End Date by 
inserting a Reference Rate Table below) 
 
(b) 
Page: 
[●]/[As set out in the Reference Rate Table] 
 
(c) 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] month[s] [(the “Designated Maturity”) 
(include 
where 
Linear 
Interpolation 
is 
applicable)]/[As set out in the Reference Rate 
Table]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(d) 
Specified Time: 
[●]/[As set out in the Reference Rate Table]/[As 
specified in General Condition 1(a) (General 
Definitions)] [Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[●]/[As set out in the Reference Rate Table] [As 
specified 
in 
the 
General 
Conditions]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[Daily]/[Periodic] 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable: 
[(Specify e.g. any relevant Note Valuation 
Date(s))/[●] day on which commercial banks are 
open for business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in [●] 
prior to the start of each Interest Period/First day of 
each Interest Period/[●] day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open prior to the start of each 
Interest Period] [As specified in General Condition

--- Page 704 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
704 
1(a) (General Definitions)]/[As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table] 
 
(g) 
Reference Banks: 
[●]/[As specified in General Condition 1(a) 
(General Definitions)]/[As set out in the Reference 
Rate Table]] 
 
(h) 
Margin(s) (for the Screen Rate): 
[Not Applicable]/[+/-]/[[●] per cent. per annum] 
(Specify each Margin if more than one by inserting 
a Rate Table below) 
 
(i) 
Interest Participation Rate: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] (Specify each Interest 
Participation Rate if more than one by inserting a 
Rate Table below) 
 
(vi) 
USD 
LIBOR 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Reference Rate: 
[●] month[s] [(the “Designated Maturity”) 
(include where Linear Interpolation is applicable)] 
USD LIBOR 
 
(b) 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[Second day on which commercial banks are open 
for business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London 
prior to the start of each Interest Period]/ [●] 
 
(c) 
Page: 
[Reuters Screen LIBOR01]/[●] 
 
(d) 
Margin(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[+/-]/[[●] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Margin if more than one by inserting 
a Rate Table below) 
 
(e) 
Interest Participation Rate: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] (specify 
each 
Interest 
Participation Rate if more than one by inserting a 
Rate Table below) 
 
(vii) SONIA Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Reference Rate: 
SONIA  
 
(b) 
Margin(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[+/-]/[[●] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Margin if more than one by 
inserting a Rate Table below)  
 
(c) 
Interest Participation Rate: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] (specify 
each 
Interest 
Participation Rate if more than one by inserting a 
Rate Table below) 
 
(d) 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
 
(e) 
Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA 
(Shift): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Compounded Daily SONIA – Index 
Determination applies, specify “Not Applicable”) 
 
(f) 
Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA 
(Lag): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Compounded Daily SONIA – Index 
Determination applies, specify “Not Applicable”)

--- Page 705 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
705 
 
(g) 
Page: 
[]/[SONIAOSR=]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Compounded Daily SONIA – Index 
Determination applies, specify “Not Applicable”)  
 
(h) 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SONIA: [General 
Condition 1 (Definitions and Interpretation)]/[●]] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SONIA Index 
Determination: The day falling the Relevant 
Number of London Banking Days prior to the 
relevant Final Interest Period End Date and 
“Relevant Number” means [insert number being 
two or greater]] 
 
(viii) 
SOFR Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(a) 
Reference Rate: 
SOFR 
 
(b) 
Margin(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[+/-]/[[●] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Margin if more than one by 
inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
(c) 
Interest Participation Rate: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] (specify each Interest 
Participation Rate if more than one by inserting a 
Rate Table below) 
 
(d) 
Compounding Method: 
[SOFR OIS Compounding: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[Delayed Interest Payment Dates: [ ] U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days]] 
 
[Daily Capped Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]]] 
[SOFR Compounding with Lookback: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Lookback Days: [●] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days]] 
 
[Daily Capped Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]]] 
[SOFR Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift:

--- Page 706 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
706 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Observation 
Shift 
Days: 
[●] 
U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days] 
 
[Daily Capped Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]]] 
 
(e) 
Index Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR – Index 
Determination: The day falling the Relevant 
Number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days prior to the relevant Final Interest Period End 
Date and “Relevant Number” means [insert 
number being two or greater]] 
 
(ix) 
€STR Screen Rate Determination: 
(a) 
Reference Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
€STR 
 
(b) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
(c) 
Margin(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[+/-]/[[●] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Margin if more than one by 
inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
(d) 
Interest Participation Rate: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] (specify 
each 
Interest 
Participation Rate if more than one by inserting a 
Rate Table below) 
 
(e) 
Compounding Method: 
[€STR OIS Compounding:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[€STR Rate Cut-Off Date: [●] TARGET 
Settlement Days] 
 
[Delayed Interest Payment Dates: [●] 
TARGET Settlement Days]] 
 
[Daily Capped Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]]]  
[€STR Compounding with Lookback: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Lookback Days: [●] TARGET Settlement 
Days]

--- Page 707 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
707 
 
[Daily Capped Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]]]  
[€STR Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Observation Shift Days: [●] TARGET 
Settlement Days] 
 
[Daily Capped Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]]] 
 
(x) 
SARON Screen Rate Determination: 
(a) 
Reference Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
SARON 
 
(b) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
(c) 
Margin(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[+/-]/[[●] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Margin if more than one by 
inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
(d) 
Interest Participation Rate: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] (specify 
each 
Interest 
Participation Rate if more than one by inserting a 
Rate Table below) 
 
(e) 
Compounding Method: 
[SARON OIS Compounding:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[SARON Rate Cut-Off Date: [●] Zurich 
Banking Days] 
 
[Delayed Interest Payment Dates: [] Zurich 
Banking Days]] 
 
[Daily Capped Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]]]  
[SARON Compounding with Lookback: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Lookback Days: [] Zurich Banking Days]

--- Page 708 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
708 
 
[Daily Capped Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]]] 
[SARON Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Observation Shift Days: [] Zurich Banking 
Days] 
 
[Daily Capped Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]]] 
 
(xi) 
[ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable: 2006 ISDA Definitions]/[Applicable: 
2021 ISDA Definitions]/[Not Applicable]]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
2006 ISDA Definitions 
 
 
(I) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●]/[As set out in the Floating Rate Table] 
(Specify the Floating Rate Option (and other 
details of such Floating Rate Option) which 
applies to each Interest Period ending on an 
Interest Period End Date by inserting a Floating 
Rate Table below) 
 
(II) 
Designated Maturity: 
[●]/[As set out in the Floating Rate Table]/[Not 
Applicable] (Specify as Not Applicable if 
Overnight Floating Rate Option is Applicable) 
 
(III) 
Reset Date: 
[●]/[[Arrears Setting]/[Last day of the relevant 
Interest Period]/[As set out in the Floating Rate 
Table]] 
 
(IV) 
[Average Rate Fixing 
Day: 
[[First day of the next following Interest Period or 
in the case of the final Interest Period, the 
Termination Date]/[The day [●] Applicable 
Business Days preceding the [Reset Date]/[first 
day of the next following Interest Period or in the 
case of the final Interest Period, the Termination 
Date]] (Only include if the specified Floating Rate 
Option is a Published Average Rate)] 
 
(V) 
Floored Interest Amount: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(VI) 
Floored ISDA Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 709 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
709 
 
(VII) Overnight Floating Rate 
Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete sub-paragraphs below) 
 
(VIII) Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding/ 
Averaging Method: 
[Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding 
Method]/[Overnight Rate Averaging Method]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(IX) 
Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding Method: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Specify as Not 
Applicable if an Overnight Rate Averaging Method 
applies and delete sub-paragraphs below) 
[OIS 
Compounding: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete sub-
paragraphs below) 
 
[Daily Capped Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]]] 
 
[Delayed 
Payment: 
[Not 
Applicable]/[Applicable:  
Delayed 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates: 
[●] 
Business Days]]] 
[Compounding with Lookback: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete sub-
paragraphs below) 
 
[Lookback: 
[[●] 
Applicable 
Business 
Days]/[As per 2006 ISDA Definitions]] 
 
[Daily Capped Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]]] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete sub-paragraphs below) 
 
Set-in-Advance: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As per 2006 
ISDA Definitions] 
 
[Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Capped Rate:

--- Page 710 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
710 
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]]] 
[Compounding with Lockout: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete sub-
paragraphs below) 
 
[Lockout: [●] Lockout Period Business 
Days]/[As per 2006 ISDA Definitions]] 
 
[Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[As per 
2006 ISDA Definitions]] 
 
[Daily Capped Rate: 
[Applicable [●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]]] 
Day Count Basis:  
[●]/[As per 2006 ISDA Definitions] 
 
(X) 
Overnight 
Rate 
Averaging Method: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Specify as Not 
Applicable if an Overnight Rate Compounding 
Method applies and delete sub-paragraphs below) 
[Overnight 
Averaging: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete sub-
paragraphs below) 
 
[Daily Capped Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]]] 
 
[Delayed 
Payment: 
[Not 
Applicable]/ 
[Applicable:  
Delayed 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates: 
[●] 
Business Days]]] 
[Averaging with Lookback: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete sub-
paragraphs below) 
 
[Lookback: 
[[●] 
Applicable 
Business 
Days]/[As per 2006 ISDA Definitions]] 
 
[Daily Capped Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]]

--- Page 711 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
711 
 
[Daily Floored Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]]] 
[Averaging 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete sub-paragraphs below) 
 
Set-in-Advance: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As per 2006 
ISDA Definitions] 
 
[Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Capped Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate: 
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]]] 
[Averaging 
with 
Lockout: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete sub-
paragraphs below) 
 
[Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business 
Days]/[As per 2006 ISDA Definitions]] 
[Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[As per 
2006 ISDA Definitions]] 
 
[Daily Capped Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate:  
[Applicable [●]]/[Not Applicable]]] 
 
(XI) 
Index 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete sub-paragraphs below) 
 
(XII) Index Method: 
[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete sub-
paragraphs below) 
[Compounded Index Method: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
[Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not 
Applicable, delete sub-paragraphs below) 
 
 
[Set-in-Advance: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]]

--- Page 712 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
712 
 
[Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As per 2006 
ISDA Definitions]] 
 
[Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[All-In 
Compounded 
Index 
Method: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
Day Count Basis:  
[●]/[As per 2006 ISDA Definitions] 
 
(XIII) [2006 ISDA Definitions 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable in respect of the Interest Period 
beginning on, and including, [●] and ending on, but 
excluding, the Interest Period Date scheduled to 
fall on [●] (Amend as required)]/[Not Applicable]] 
(This should be Applicable where there are short or 
long Interest Periods) 
 
(b) 
[2021 ISDA Definitions: 
 
 
(I) 
2021 ISDA Definitions 
Publication Version: 
Version [●], dated [●] 
 
(II) 
Floating 
Rate 
Matrix 
Publication Version: 
Version [●], dated [●]  
 
(III) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●]/[As set out in the Floating Rate Table] 
(Specify the Floating Rate Option (and other 
details of such Floating Rate Option) which 
applies to each Interest Period ending on an 
Interest Period End Date by inserting a Floating 
Rate Table below) 
 
(IV) 
Designated Maturity: 
[●]/[As set out in the Floating Rate Table]/[Not 
Applicable] (Specify as Not Applicable if 
Overnight Floating Rate Option is Applicable) 
 
(V) 
Reset Date: 
[●]/ 
[The first day of the Interest Period next following 
the relevant Interest Period (other than the final 
Interest Period, in which case, the Reset Date will 
be the Maturity Date) (Include if “Arrears Setting” 
applies)]/ 
[Last day of the relevant Interest Period]/ 
[First day of the relevant Interest Period]/ 
[As set out in the Floating Rate Table] 
 
(VI) 
Fixing Day: 
[●]/[As per 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
(VII) Fixing Time: 
[●]/[As per 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
(VIII) Floored Interest Amount: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 713 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
713 
 
(IX) 
Floored ISDA Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(X) 
Overnight Floating Rate 
Option:1 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete sub-paragraphs below) 
 
(XI) 
[Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding/ 
Averaging Method: 
[Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding 
Method]/[Overnight Rate Averaging Method]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(XII) Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding Method: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Specify as Not 
Applicable if an Overnight Rate Averaging Method 
applies and delete sub-paragraphs below) 
[OIS 
Compounding: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete sub-
paragraphs below) 
 
[Daily Capped Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]]] 
 
[Delayed 
Payment: 
[Not 
Applicable]/ 
[Applicable:  
Delayed 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates: 
[●] 
Business Days]]] 
[Compounding with Lookback: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete sub-
paragraphs below) 
 
[Lookback: 
[[●] 
Applicable 
Business 
Days]/[As per 2021 ISDA Definitions]] 
 
[Daily Capped Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]]] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete sub-paragraphs below) 
 
Set-in-Advance: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
1 
Drafting Note: Only specify as applicable if an Overnight Floating Rate Option (unless it is a Published Average Rate to which averaging has 
already been applied) applies. For Calculated Rates, any compounding/averaging will be done in accordance with the method specified in the 
Matrix.

--- Page 714 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
714 
 
[Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As per 2021 
ISDA Definitions] 
 
[Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Capped Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]]] 
[Compounding with Lockout: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete sub-
paragraphs below) 
 
[Lockout: [●] Lockout Period Business 
Days]/[As per 2021 ISDA Definitions]] 
[Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[As per 
2021 ISDA Definitions]] 
 
[Daily Capped Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
[[●] (specify any other method of compounding)] 
[Day Count Basis:  
[●]/[As per 2021 ISDA Definitions]] 
[As per the Floating Rate Matrix] (Delete if any of 
the above Overnight Rate Compounding Methods 
apply)]] 
 
(XIII) Overnight 
Rate 
Averaging Method: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] (Specify as Not 
Applicable if an Overnight Rate Compounding 
Method applies and delete sub-paragraphs below) 
[Overnight Averaging:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete sub-paragraphs below) 
 
[Daily Capped Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]]]

--- Page 715 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
715 
 
[Delayed Payment: [Not Applicable]/ 
[Applicable:  
Delayed 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates: 
[●] 
Business Days]]] 
[Averaging 
with 
Lookback:[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete sub-
paragraphs below) 
 
[Lookback: 
[[●] 
Applicable 
Business 
Days]/[As per 2021 ISDA Definitions]] 
 
[Daily Capped Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]]] 
[Averaging 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete sub-paragraphs below) 
 
Set-in-Advance: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As per 2021 
ISDA Definitions] 
 
[Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Capped Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]]] 
[Averaging 
with 
Lockout: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete sub-
paragraphs below) 
 
[Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business 
Days]/[As per 2021 ISDA Definitions]] 
 
[Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[As per 
2021 ISDA Definitions]] 
 
[Daily Capped Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate:

--- Page 716 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
716 
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
[[●] (specify any other method of averaging)] 
 
(XIV) Index 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete sub-paragraphs below) 
 
(XV) Index Method: 
[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete sub-
paragraphs below) 
[Applicable: 
[Standard 
Index 
Method] 
/[Compounded 
Index 
Method]/[Compounded 
Index Method with Observation Period Shift: 
 
[Set-in-Advance: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
 
[Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As per 2021 
ISDA Definitions]] 
 
[Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]]]/ 
[All-In Compounded Index Method]/[[●] (Specify 
any other method)]] 
 
Day Count Basis:  
[●]/[As per 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
[As per the Floating Rate Matrix] (Delete if any of 
the above Index Methods apply)]] 
 
(XVI) [2021 ISDA Definitions 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable in respect of the Interest Period 
beginning on, and including, [●] and ending on, but 
excluding the Interest Period Date scheduled to fall 
on [●] (Amend as required)]/[Not Applicable]] 
(This should be Applicable where there are short or 
long Interest Periods) 
 
(XVII) [Unscheduled Holiday: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
[Payment date 
adjustment for 
Unscheduled 
Holiday pursuant to 
General Condition 
7(g)(ii)(A): 
[As per General Condition 7(g)(ii) (Unscheduled 
Holidays)]/[[●] (Specify any other adjustment that 
should apply)] 
 
– 
[Interest Period End 
Date/Maturity Date 
adjustment for 
Unscheduled 
Holiday: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
 
– 
[Non-
Representative: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]]

--- Page 717 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
717 
 
– 
[Successor 
Benchmark: 
[●]/[Delete if Not Applicable] 
 
– 
[Successor 
Benchmark Effective 
Date: 
[●]/[Delete if Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Margin(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[+/-]/[[●] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Margin if more than one by inserting 
a Rate Table below) 
 
(d) 
Interest Participation Rate:  
[●]/[Not Applicable] (specify 
each 
Interest 
Participation Rate if more than one by inserting a 
Rate Table below) 
 
(xii) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] (specify 
each 
Interest 
Participation Rate if more than one by inserting a 
Rate Table below) 
 
(xiii) 
Minimum Interest Rate (for Floating 
Interest Rate): 
[●]/[See paragraph 17] (insert for Range Accrual 
Notes)/[Not Applicable]  
(Specify for each Interest Payment Date/Interest 
Period if different by inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
(xiv) 
Maximum Interest Rate (for Floating 
Interest Rate): 
[●] [[See paragraph 17] (insert for Range Accrual 
Notes)]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify for each Interest Payment Date/Interest 
Period if different by inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis]  
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis]  
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
Determination Dates: [●] in each year (insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring 
issue date or scheduled maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon. 
only applies for Actual/Actual (ICMA).) 
 
(xvi) 
Adjustment and Disruption provisions: 
 
 
(a) 
Electronic Page: 
[●]  
 
(b) 
Rate Valuation Time: 
[●] 
 
(c) 
Rate Scheduled Trading Day: 
[A Business Day]/[A day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in [●] (specify each)]/[A day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open]/[A U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day]

--- Page 718 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
718 
 
(d) 
Adjustments to Note Valuation 
Date (Rate Scheduled Trading 
Days): 
[Preceding 
Rate 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day]/ 
[Modified Following Rate Scheduled Trading Day] 
 
(e) 
Correction Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
— 
Correction Period: 
[●] 
 
(f) 
Move in Block: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Insert the table below if more than one Floating Interest Rate and General Screen Rate Determination is 
applicable, as required) 
[Reference Rate Table] 
[Interest Period 
End Date(s)] 
[Reference Rate] 
[Page] 
[Relevant 
Financial Centre]
[Interest 
Determination 
Date(s)] 
[Reference Banks]
(Insert if Reference 
Rate is other than 
LIBOR, EURIBOR, 
BBSW or BKBM)/ 
[Specified Time] 
[Interest Payment 
Date(s)]/[●] in 
each year 
[adjusted in 
accordance with 
[specify Business 
Day 
Convention]/[not 
adjusted]] [(See 
General 
Condition 7(g) 
(Business Day 
Convention))] 
[[●] month [(the 
“Designated 
Maturity”) 
(include where 
Linear 
Interpolation is 
applicable)] 
[insert currency] 
[EURIBOR/LIBO
R/STIBOR/NIBO
R/CIBOR/ROBO
R/TIBOR/HIBOR
]/[BBSW (being 
the Sydney 
average mid rate 
for AUD bills of 
exchange)]/[BKB
M (being the 
Wellington rate 
for New Zealand 
Dollar bills of 
exchange)]] 
[●] 
[As defined in the 
General 
Conditions]/[●] 
[As defined in the 
General 
Conditions]/[●] 
 
(Insert table below if more than one Floating Interest Rate and ISDA Determination is applicable, as 
required) 
[Floating Rate Table] 
[Interest Period End 
Date(s)] 
[Floating Rate Option] 
[Designated 
Maturity] 
[Reset Date]

--- Page 719 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
719 
[Interest Payment 
Date(s)]/[●] in each 
year [adjusted in 
accordance with 
[specify Business Day 
Convention]/[not 
adjusted]] [(See 
General Condition 7(g) 
(Business Day 
Convention))] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●]/[Arrears Setting]/[Last 
day of the relevant Interest 
Period] 
 
(Insert table below if there is more than one Margin, Interest Participation Rate or Minimum/Maximum 
Interest Rate (as applicable) for different Interest Periods, as required) 
[Rate Table] 
[Interest Period 
End Date(s)]/ 
[Interest 
Payment Date(s)] 
[Specified Rate 
1]/[Specified 
Rate 2] 
[Margin] 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate] 
[Minimum]/[Maxi
mum Interest Rate]
(Delete if Minimum/
Maximum Interest 
Rate is not 
applicable for all 
Interest Periods) 
[Minimum]/ 
[Maximum 
Reference Rate] 
(Delete if Minimum/
Maximum Reference 
Rate is not 
applicable for all 
Interest Periods) 
[Minimum]/[Maxi
mum Interest 
Amount] 
(Insert for Inflation 
Linked Notes or 
Range Accrual Notes 
if the Minimum/ 
Maximum Interest 
Amount specified is 
different for each 
Interest 
Period/Interest 
Payment Date) 
[Interest Payment 
Date(s)]/[●] 
in 
each 
year 
[adjusted 
in 
accordance 
with 
[specify Business 
Day 
Convention]/[not 
adjusted]] 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[Not 
Applicable]/[+/-
]/[●] per cent. per 
annum] (repeat as 
required) 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required)

--- Page 720 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
720 
 
16
CMS Rate Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[●] [in each [year] [month] from, and including, 
[●] to and including, [●]] [adjusted in accordance 
with [specify Business Day Convention]/[not 
adjusted] [(See General Condition 7(g) (Business 
Day Convention))]] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Period End Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)]/[●]] [in each 
[year]/[month] from, and including, [●] to and 
including, [●]] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]/[not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 7(g) (Business Day 
Convention))] 
[As set out in the Rate Table below] (specify each 
Interest Period End Date by inserting a Rate Table 
below) 
 
(iii) 
Range Accrual Notes: 
[Applicable: see paragraph 17]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
CMS Rate: 
[Single CMS Interest Rate]/[Worse of CMS 
Interest Rates]/[CMS Spread Interest Rate] 
 
(v) 
Single CMS Interest Rate:  
 
 
(a) 
CMS Reference Rate:  
 
 
(I) 
Relevant Swap Rate: 
[EUR]/[GBP]/[JPY 
10:00]/[JPY 
15:00]/[USD 
LIBOR]/[USD SOFR]/[Mid-Market] Swap Rate 
 
(II) 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] [month[s]/year[s]] 
 
(III) 
[Relevant 
Financial 
Centre:] 
(Insert 
if 
Relevant Swap Rate is 
Mid-Market Swap Rate) 
[●] 
 
(IV) 
Relevant Time: 
[●] 
 
(V) 
Reference Currency: 
[●] 
 
(VI) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[[Daily/Periodic] 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable: [●]]/[●] 
 
(VII) Page: 
[●] 
 
(VIII) Minimum 
Reference 
Rate 
(for 
CMS 
Reference Rate): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] (Specify for each Interest 
Payment Date/Interest Period if different by 
inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
(IX) 
Maximum 
Reference 
Rate 
(for 
CMS 
Reference Rate): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] (Specify for each Interest 
Payment Date/Interest Period if different by 
inserting a Rate Table below)

--- Page 721 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
721 
 
(b) 
Margin:  
[Not Applicable]/[+/-]/[●] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Margin if more than one by inserting 
a Rate Table below) 
 
(c) 
Interest Participation Rate:  
[●]/[Not Applicable] (specify 
each 
Interest 
Participation Rate if more than one by inserting a 
Rate Table below) 
 
(vi) 
Worse of CMS Interest Rates/CMS 
Spread Interest Rate: 
 
 
 
[“CMS 
Reference 
Rate 1“] (If CMS 
Interest 
Rate 
is 
“Worse 
of 
CMS 
Interest Rates” or 
“CMS 
Spread 
Interest Rate”, insert 
this column) 
[“CMS Reference Rate 
2“] (If CMS Interest Rate 
is “Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates” or “CMS Spread 
Interest Rate”, insert this 
column) 
 
(a) 
Relevant Swap Rate: 
[EUR]/[GBP]/[JPY 
10:00]/[JPY 
15:00]/[USD 
LIBOR]/[USD 
SOFR]/[Mid-
Market] Swap Rate 
[EUR]/[GBP]/[JPY 
10:00]/[JPY 15:00]/[USD 
LIBOR]/[USD 
SOFR]/[Mid-Market] 
Swap Rate 
 
(b) 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
[month[s]/year[s]] 
[●] [month[s]/year[s]] 
 
(c) 
[Relevant Financial Centre:] 
(Insert if Relevant Swap Rate is 
Mid-Market Swap Rate) 
[●] 
[●] 
 
(d) 
Relevant Time: 
[●] 
[●] 
 
(e) 
Reference Currency: 
[●] 
[●] 
 
(f) 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[[Daily]/[Periodic] 
Rate Determination 
is 
applicable: 
[●]]/[●] 
[[Daily]/[Periodic] 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable: [●]]/[●] 
 
(g) 
Page: 
[●] 
[●] 
 
(h) 
Minimum Reference Rate (for 
CMS Reference Rate): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify 
for 
each 
Interest 
Payment 
Date/Interest Period 
if 
different 
by 
inserting 
a 
Rate 
Table below) 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify for each Interest 
Payment 
Date/Interest 
Period if different by 
inserting a Rate Table 
below) 
 
(i) 
Maximum Reference Rate (for 
CMS Reference Rate): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify 
for 
each 
Interest 
Payment 
Date/Interest Period 
if 
different 
by 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify for each Interest 
Payment 
Date/Interest 
Period if different by 
inserting a Rate Table 
below)

--- Page 722 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
722 
inserting 
a 
Rate 
Table below) 
 
(vii) 
Margin 1 (for CMS Reference Rate 1): 
[Not Applicable]/[+/-]/[●] per cent. per annum] 
(Specify each Margin 1 if more than one by 
inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
 
(Insert if CMS Interest Rate is “Worse of CMS 
Interest Rates” or “CMS Spread Interest Rate”). 
 
(viii) 
[Margin 2 (for CMS Reference Rate 
2):] 
[Not Applicable]/[+/-]/[●] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Margin 2 if more than one by 
inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
 
(Insert if CMS Interest Rate is “Worse of CMS 
Interest Rates” or “CMS Spread Interest Rate”). 
 
(ix) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable - the Interest Rate for 
the [long/short]/[first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)] 
 
(x) 
Interest Participation Rate 1 (for CMS 
Reference Rate 1): 
[●]/[Not Applicable]  
(Specify each Interest Participation Rate [1] if 
more than one by inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
 
(Insert if CMS Interest Rate is “Worse of CMS 
Interest Rates” or “CMS Spread Interest Rate) 
 
(xi) 
Interest Participation Rate 2 (for CMS 
Reference Rate 2): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(specify each Interest Participation Rate 2 if more 
than one by inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
 
(Insert if CMS Interest Rate is “Worse of CMS 
Interest Rates” or “CMS Spread Interest Rate) 
 
(xii) 
Maximum Interest Rate (for CMS 
Interest Rate): 
[●]/[See paragraph 17(ii)] (insert for Range 
Accrual Notes) [Not Applicable] 
(Specify for each Interest Payment Date/Interest 
Period if different by inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]  
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]  
[Actual/360]  
[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis]  
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis]  
[30E/360 (ISDA)]  
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]

--- Page 723 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
723 
 
Determination Dates: [●] in each year (insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring 
issue date or scheduled maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon. 
only applicable for Actual/Actual (ICMA).) 
 
(xiv) 
Adjustment and Disruption provisions: 
 
 
(a) 
Electronic Page: 
[●]  
 
(b) 
Rate Valuation Time: 
[●] 
 
(c) 
Rate Scheduled Trading Day: 
[A Business Day]/[A day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in [●] (specify each)]/[A day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open]/[A U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day] 
 
(d) 
Adjustments to Note Valuation 
Date (Rate Scheduled Trading 
Days): 
[Preceding 
Rate 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day]/ 
[Modified Following Rate Scheduled Trading Day] 
 
(e) 
Correction Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
— 
Correction Period: 
[●] 
 
(f) 
Move in Block: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Insert table below if there is more than one Margin, Interest Participation Rate or Minimum/Maximum Interest 
Rate (as applicable) for different Interest Periods, as required) 
[Rate Table] 
[Interest Period 
End Date(s)]/ 
[Interest 
Payment Date(s)] 
[Specified Rate 
1]/[Specified 
Rate 2] 
[Margin] 
(Delete if Margin 
is not applicable 
for all Interest 
Periods) 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate] 
[Minimum] 
/[Maximum 
Interest Rate] 
(Delete if 
Minimum/Maximum 
Interest Rate is not 
applicable for all 
Interest Periods) 
[Minimum]/[Maxi
mum Reference 
Rate] 
(Delete if 
Minimum/Maximum 
Reference Rate is not 
applicable for all 
Interest Periods) 
[Minimum]/[Maxi
mum Interest 
Amount] 
(Insert for Inflation 
Linked Notes or 
Range Accrual Notes 
if the Minimum/ 
Maximum Interest 
Amount specified is

--- Page 724 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
724 
different for each 
Interest 
Period/Interest 
Payment Date) 
[Interest Payment 
Date(s)]/[●] 
in 
each 
year 
[adjusted 
in 
accordance 
with 
[specify Business 
Day 
Convention]/[not 
adjusted]] 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[Not 
Applicable]/[+/-
]/[●] per cent. per 
annum] (repeat as 
required) 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
 
(Insert table below if “Worse of CMS Interest Rates” or “CMS Spread Interest Rate” is applicable and there 
is more than one Margin 1, Margin 2, Interest Participation Rate 1, Interest Participation Rate 2 or 
Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate (as applicable) in respect of CMS Reference Rate 1 and CMS Reference 
Rate 2 for different Interest Periods, as required) 
[Rate Table] 
 
CMS Reference Rate 1 
CMS Reference Rate 2 
[Interest 
Period End 
Date(s)] 
[Margin 1]
(Interest for 
Inflation 
Linked 
Notes or 
Range 
Accrual 
Notes if the 
Minimum/M
aximum 
Interest 
Amount 
specified is 
different for 
each 
Interest 
Period/Inter
est Payment 
Date) 
[Interest 
Participatio
n Rate 1] 
(Delete if 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate is not 
applicable 
for all 
Interest 
Periods) 
[Minimum]/
[Maximum 
Reference 
Rate] 
(Delete if 
Minimum/M
aximum 
Reference 
Rate is not 
applicable 
for all 
Interest 
Periods) 
[Margin 
2] 
(Delete if 
Margin is 
not 
applicable 
for all 
Interest 
Periods) 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate 2] 
(Delete if 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate is not 
applicable for 
all Interest 
Periods) 
[Minimum]/[ 
Maximum 
Reference 
Rate] 
(Delete if 
Minimum/Maxi
mum Reference 
Rate is not 
applicable for 
all Interest 
Periods)

--- Page 725 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
725 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s)/[●] 
in each year 
[adjusted in 
accordance 
with [specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/ 
not 
adjusted]] 
[Not 
Applicable/[
+/-]/[●]per 
cent. per 
annum] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[Not 
Applicabl
e/[+/-]/[●] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as 
required) 
 
17
Range Accrual Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph 17) 
 
(i) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] [in each [year] [month] from, and including, 
[●] to and including, [●]] [adjusted in accordance 
with [specify Business Day Convention]/[not 
adjusted] [(See General Condition 7(g) (Business 
Day Convention))] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Period End Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)]/[●]] [in each 
[year]/[month] from, and including, [●] to and 
including, [●]] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]/[not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 7(g) (Business Day 
Convention))] 
[As set out in the Rate Table below] (specify each 
Interest Period End Date by inserting a Rate Table 
below) 
 
(iii) 
Interest Rate[s]: 
[Fixed 
Interest 
Rate: 
see 
paragraph 
14 
above]/[Floating Interest Rate: see paragraph 15 
above]/[CMS Interest Rate: see paragraph 16 
above] 
(Specify each rate of interest if more than one by 
inserting a Range Accrual Table below) 
 
(iv) 
Single Reference Observation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Dual Reference Observation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Triple Reference Observation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Reference Observation [1] (insert 
“Reference Observation 1” if Dual 
Reference 
Observation 
or 
Triple 
Reference Observation is applicable. If 
“Single 
Reference 
Observation” 
applies, delete reference to [1]): 
[Specify what the Reference Observation will be 
from the options set out in General Condition 
5(e)(iii) 
(Determination 
of 
Reference 
Observation)] 
[If applicable specify details of the or each 
Reference Rate and where there is more than one 
Reference Rate, whether the Barrier is different for

--- Page 726 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
726 
each Reference Rate for each relevant interest 
period.] 
 [If Dual Reference Observation is specified to be 
applicable, 
specify 
what 
the 
Reference 
Observation will be for each of Reference 
Observation 1 and Reference Observation 2 below 
and if Triple Reference Observation is specified to 
be applicable, specify what the Reference 
Observation will be for each of Reference 
Observation 1, Reference Observation 2 and 
Reference Observation 3 below] 
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table 
hereto] (If Reference Observation (or if Dual 
Reference Observation or Triple Reference 
Observation is applicable, Reference Observation 
1) is different for each Interest Period, insert the 
Reference Observation Table) 
 
Reference Rate One (for Reference 
Observation [1]): (insert “Reference 
Observation 1” if Dual Reference 
Observation 
or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation is applicable. If “Single 
Reference Observation” applies, delete 
reference to [1]): 
[Fixed 
Interest 
Rate]/[Floating 
Interest 
Rate]/[CMS 
Interest 
Rate]/[Spread 
Interest 
Rate]/[Relevant Spread Rate]/[Spread Reference 
Rate: see paragraph 18.]/[Not Applicable] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate 1, 
including any Margin, Interest Participation Rate, 
any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any 
Maximum Reference Rate. If the Reference Rate is 
a Fixed Interest Rate, Floating Interest Rate or 
CMS Interest Rate, insert the details set out below 
in paragraph 14, 15 or 16 as applicable as sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph, as required. If there 
is more than one Reference Rate 1, repeat this 
paragraph for each Reference Rate 1)  
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table 
hereto] (If Reference Rate 1 is different for each 
Interest Period, insert the Reference Observation 
Table) 
 
[Reference Rate 2 (for Reference 
Observation [1]):] (insert if applicable. 
If “Single Reference Observation” 
applies, delete reference to [1]): 
[[Fixed 
Interest 
Rate]/[Floating 
Interest 
Rate]/[CMS 
Interest 
Rate]/[Spread 
Interest 
Rate]/[Relevant Spread Rate]/[Spread Reference 
Rate] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate 2 by 
repeating sub-paragraphs of the paragraph above 
for Reference Rate 2, including any Margin, 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate, 
any 
Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or any Maximum Reference 
Rate. If there is more than one Reference Rate 2, 
repeat this paragraph for each Reference Rate 2)  
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table 
hereto] (If Reference Rate 2 is different for each 
Interest Period, insert the Reference Observation 
Table)]

--- Page 727 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
727 
 
Barrier [1] (insert “Barrier 1” if Dual 
Reference 
Observation 
or 
Triple 
Reference Observation is applicable. If 
“Single 
Reference 
Observation” 
applies, delete reference to [1]): 
[●]/[As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
[specify for each relevant interest period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table below, and 
where there is more than one Reference Rate, 
whether the Barrier [1] is different for each 
Reference Rate]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
Barrier Reference: 
[Greater than the Barrier [1]/Greater than or equal 
to the Barrier [1]/Less than the Barrier [1]/Less 
than or equal to the Barrier [1]] (insert “Barrier 1” 
if Dual Reference Observation is applicable)/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
Lower Range [1] (insert “Lower Range 
1” if Dual Reference Observation or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation 
is 
applicable. 
If 
“Single 
Reference 
Observation” applies, delete reference 
to [1]): 
[●]/[As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
[specify for each relevant interest period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table below]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
Lower Range [1] Option (insert 
“Lower Range 1 Option” if Dual 
Reference Observation or Triple 
Reference 
Observation 
is 
applicable): 
[[Greater than or equal to/Greater than] the Lower 
Range [1]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Upper Range [1] (insert “Upper Range 
1” if Dual Reference Observation or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation 
is 
applicable. 
If 
“Single 
Reference 
Observation” applies, delete reference 
to [1]): 
[●]/[As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
[specify for each relevant interest period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table below]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
Upper Range [1] Option (insert 
“Upper Range 1 Option” if Dual 
Reference Observation or Triple 
Reference 
Observation 
is 
applicable. If “Single Reference 
Observation” 
applies, 
delete 
reference to [1]): 
[[Less than or equal to/Less than] the Upper Range 
[1]]/[Not Applicable] 
(insert and re-number the following paragraphs if “Dual Reference Observation” or “Triple Reference 
Observation” is applicable) 
 
(viii) [Reference Observation 2: 
[Specify what the Reference Observation 2 will be 
from the options set out in General Condition 
5(e)(iii) 
(Determination 
of 
Reference 
Observation)] 
[If applicable and specify details of the or each 
Reference Rate and where more than one 
Reference Rate whether the Barrier is different for 
each Reference Rate for each relevant interest 
period] 
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table 
hereto] (If Reference Observation 2 is different for

--- Page 728 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
728 
each Interest Period, insert the Reference 
Observation Table) 
 
Reference Rate 1 (for Reference 
Observation 2): 
[Fixed 
Interest 
Rate]/[Floating 
Interest 
Rate]/[CMS 
Interest 
Rate]/[Spread 
Interest 
Rate]/[Relevant Spread Rate]/[Spread Reference 
Rate: see paragraph 18]/[Not Applicable] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate 1, 
including any Margin, Interest Participation Rate, 
any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any 
Maximum Reference Rate. If the Reference Rate is 
a Fixed Interest Rate, Floating Interest Rate or 
CMS Interest Rate, insert the details set out in 
paragraph 14,15 or 16 as applicable as sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph, as required. If there 
is more than one Reference Rate One, repeat this 
paragraph for each Reference Rate One)  
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table 
hereto] (If Reference Rate One is different for each 
Interest Period, insert the Schedule which contains 
the Reference Observation Table) 
 
[Reference Rate 2 (for Reference 
Observation 2):] (insert if applicable) 
[[Fixed 
Interest 
Rate]/[Floating 
Interest 
Rate]/[CMS 
Interest 
Rate]/[Spread 
Interest 
Rate]/[Relevant Spread Rate]/[Spread Reference 
Rate] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate Two 
by repeating sub-paragraphs of the paragraph 
above for Reference Rate Two, including any 
Margin, Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or any Maximum Reference 
Rate. If there is more than one Reference Rate Two, 
repeat this paragraph for each Reference Rate 
Two)  
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table 
hereto] (If Reference Rate Two is different for each 
Interest Period, insert the Reference Observation 
Table)] 
 
[Barrier 2:] (insert if Barrier 1 is 
specified) 
[●]/[As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
[specify for each relevant interest period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table below, and 
where there is more than one Reference Rate, 
whether the Barrier 2 is different for each 
Reference Rate]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Barrier Reference:] (insert if 
Barrier 2 is specified) 
[Greater than the Barrier 2]/[Greater than or equal 
to the Barrier 2]/[Less than the Barrier 2]/[Less 
than or equal to the Barrier 2] 
 
[Lower Range 2:] (insert if Lower 
Range 1 is specified) 
[●]/[As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
[specify for each relevant interest period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table below]/[Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 729 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
729 
 
 
[Lower Range 2 Option:] (insert if 
Lower Range 2 is specified) 
[[Greater than or equal to/Greater than] the Lower 
Range 2]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[Upper Range 2:] (insert if Upper 
Range 1 is specified) 
[●]/[As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
[specify for each relevant interest period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table below]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
[Upper Range 2 Option:] (insert if 
Upper Range 2 is specified) 
[[Less than or equal to/Less than] the Upper Range 
2]/[Not Applicable] 
(insert and re-number the following paragraphs if “Triple Reference Observation” is applicable) 
 
(ix) [Reference Observation 3: 
[Specify what the Reference Observation 3 will be 
from the options set out in General Condition 
5(e)(iii) 
(Determination 
of 
Reference 
Observation)] 
[If applicable, specify details of the or each 
Reference Rate and where more than one 
Reference Rate whether the Barrier is different for 
each Reference Rate for each relevant interest 
period] 
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table 
hereto] (If Reference Observation 3 is different for 
each Interest Period, insert the Reference 
Observation Table) 
 
Reference Rate 1 (for Reference 
Observation 3): 
[Fixed 
Interest 
Rate]/[Floating 
Interest 
Rate]/[CMS 
Interest 
Rate]/[Spread 
Interest 
Rate]/[Relevant Spread Rate]/[Spread Reference 
Rate]/[Not Applicable] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate One, 
including any Margin, Interest Participation Rate, 
any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any 
Maximum Reference Rate. If the Reference Rate is 
a Fixed Interest Rate, Floating Interest Rate or 
CMS Interest Rate, insert the details set out in 
paragraph 14,15 or 16 as applicable as sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph, as required. If there 
is more than one Reference Rate One, repeat this 
paragraph for each Reference Rate One)  
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table 
hereto] (If Reference Rate 1 is different for each 
Interest Period, insert the Reference Observation 
Table) 
 
[Reference Rate Two (for Reference 
Observation 3):] (insert if applicable) 
[[Fixed 
Interest 
Rate]/[Floating 
Interest 
Rate]/[CMS 
Interest 
Rate]/[Spread 
Interest 
Rate]/[Relevant Spread Rate]/[Spread Reference 
Rate: see paragraph 18] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate Two 
by repeating sub-paragraphs of the paragraph 
above for Reference Rate Two, including any 
Margin, Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum

--- Page 730 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
730 
Reference Rate and/or any Maximum Reference 
Rate. If there is more than one Reference Rate Two, 
repeat this paragraph for each Reference Rate 
Two)  
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table 
hereto] (If Reference Rate Two is different for each 
Interest Period, insert the Reference Observation 
Table)] 
 
 
[Barrier Reference:] (insert if 
Barrier 3 is specified) 
[Greater than the Barrier 3]/[Greater than or equal 
to the Barrier 3]/[Less than the Barrier 3]/[Less 
than or equal to the Barrier 3] 
 
[Lower Range 3:] (insert if Lower 
Range 1 is specified) 
[●]/[As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
[specify for each relevant interest period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table below]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
[Lower Range 3 Option:] (insert if 
Lower Range 3 is specified) 
[[Greater than or equal to/Greater than] the Lower 
Range 3]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[Upper Range 3:] (insert if Upper 
Range 1 is specified) 
[●]/[As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
[specify for each relevant interest period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table below]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
[Upper Range 3 Option:] (insert if 
Upper Range 3 is specified) 
[[Less than or equal to/Less than] the Upper Range 
3]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(x) Protected Range Accrual Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[If applicable: 
Protection Level: [[●]%]/[As set out in the Range 
Accrual Table] (Specify for each relevant interest 
period by inserting the Range Accrual Table 
below)] 
 
(xi) 
Adj: 
[[●]%]/[As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
(Specify for each relevant interest period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table below)/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Lev: 
[[●]%] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
(Specify for each relevant interest period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table below)/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
RA Cap: 
[[●]%]/[As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
(Specify for each relevant interest period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table below)/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
RA Floor: 
[[●]%]/[As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
(Specify for each relevant interest period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table below)/[Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 731 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
731 
 
(xv) 
Accrual Days: 
[calendar days/Business Days] 
 
(xvi) 
Accrual Business Day Centre: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] (N.B. this relates to the 
definition of “Accrual Business Day”, specify this 
if the Specified Accrual Cut-Off Date is a specified 
number of Accrual Business Days. This is not 
applicable if the Accrual Cut-Off Date is the 
Default Accrual Cut-Off Date) 
 
(xvii) 
Accrual Cut-Off Date (the “Accrual 
Cut-Off Date” is the specified number 
of calendar days or Accrual Business 
Days preceding the last day of the 
relevant Interest Period (Specified 
Accrual Cut-Off Date) and shall be five 
Accrual Days if “Default Accrual Cut-
Off Date” is specified): 
[Specified Accrual Cut-Off Date]/[Default Accrual 
Cut-Off Date] 
 
– 
Specified Accrual 
Cut-Off 
Date: 
[●]/[calendar day/Accrual Business Day]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xviii) 
Any or All: 
[Any]/[All]/[Not Applicable] (Include where the 
Reference Observation is specified as a basket of 
two or more Reference Rates) 
 
(xix) 
Minimum Interest Rate: 
[See paragraph 15/16 above]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xx) 
Maximum Interest Rate: 
[See paragraph 15/16 above]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxi) 
Minimum Interest Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[As set out in the 
Rate Table]/[Not Applicable] 
(If there is more than one Minimum Interest 
Amount for different Interest Periods, this 
information may be set out in a “Rate Table”) 
 
(xxii) 
Maximum Interest Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[As set out in the 
Rate Table]/[Not Applicable] 
(If there is more than one Maximum Interest 
Amount for different Interest Periods, this 
information may be set out in a “Rate Table”) 
 
(xxiii) 
Details of Reference Rate(s) to be 
inserted: 
 
 
[If any Reference Rate is a Fixed Interest Rate, insert relevant sub-paragraphs from 
paragraph 14, as required] 
 
(Insert if any Reference Rate is a 
Floating Interest Rate) [Method of 
Floating Rate Determination: 
[[General Screen Rate Determination]/[USD 
LIBOR Screen Rate Determination]/[SONIA 
Screen Rate Determination]/[SOFR Screen Rate 
Determination]/[€STR 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination]/[SARON 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination]/[ISDA Determination] applies]  
 
(Insert if any Reference Rate is a 
Floating Interest Rate and General 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 732 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
732 
applicable) [General Screen Rate 
Determination: 
 
[Insert the relevant sub-paragraphs from paragraph 15] 
 
(Insert if any Reference Rate is a 
Floating Interest Rate and ISDA 
Determination is applicable) [ISDA 
Determination: 
[Applicable: 2006 ISDA Definitions]/[Applicable: 
2021 ISDA Definitions]]  
 
[Insert the relevant sub-paragraphs from paragraph 15] 
 
(Insert if Reference Rate is a CMS 
Interest Rate) [CMS Interest Rate: 
[Single CMS Interest Rate]/[Worse of CMS 
Interest Rates]/[CMS Spread Interest Rate] 
 
[Insert the relevant sub-paragraphs from paragraph 16] 
 
(xxiv) 
Adjustment and Disruption provisions: 
 
 
(a) 
Electronic Page: 
[●]  
 
(b) 
Rate Valuation Time: 
[●] 
 
(c) 
Rate Scheduled Trading Day: 
[A Business Day]/[A day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in [●] (specify each)]/[A day on which 
the 
TARGET2 
System 
is 
open]/[A 
U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day] 
 
(d) 
Adjustments to Note Valuation 
Date (Rate Scheduled Trading 
Days): 
[Preceding 
Rate 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day]/ 
[Modified Following Rate Scheduled Trading 
Day] 
 
(e) 
Correction Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
— 
Correction Period: 
[●] 
 
(f) 
Move In Block: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(Insert the table below if more than one Floating Interest Rate and General Screen Rate Determination is 
applicable, as required) 
[Reference Rate Table] 
[Interest Period 
End Date(s)] 
[Reference Rate] 
[Page] 
[Relevant 
Financial Centre]
[Interest 
Determination 
Date(s)] 
[Reference Banks] 
(Insert if Reference 
Rate is other than 
LIBOR, EURIBOR, 
BBSW or BKBM) 
[Specified Time] 
[Interest Payment 
Date(s)] / [●] in 
each year 
[adjusted in 
[[●] month [(the 
“Designated 
Maturity”) 
(include where 
[●] 
[As defined in the 
General 
Conditions]/[●] 
[As defined in the 
General 
Conditions]/[●]

--- Page 733 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
733 
accordance with 
[specify Business 
Day 
Convention]/[not 
adjusted]] [(See 
General 
Condition 7(g) 
(Business Day 
Convention))] 
Linear 
Interpolation is 
applicable)] 
[insert currency] 
[EURIBOR/ 
[LIBOR]/[STIBO
R]/ 
[NIBOR]/[CIBOR
]/ 
[ROBOR]/[TIBO
R]/ 
[HIBOR]/[BBSW 
(being the Sydney 
average mid rate 
for AUD bills of 
exchange)] 
[BKBM (being 
the Wellington 
rate for New 
Zealand Dollar 
bills of 
exchange)]] 
 
(Insert table below if “Worse of CMS Interest Rates” or “CMS Spread Interest Rate” is applicable and there 
is more than one Margin 1, Margin 2, Interest Participation Rate 1, Interest Participation Rate 2 or 
Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate (as applicable) in respect of CMS Referent Rate 1 and CMS Reference 
Rate 2 for different Interest Periods, as required) 
[Rate Table] 
 
CMS Reference Rate 1 
CMS Reference Rate 2 
[Interest 
Period End 
Date(s)] 
[Margin 1] 
(Interest for 
Inflation 
Linked 
Notes or 
Range 
Accrual 
Notes if the 
Minimum/
Maximum 
Interest 
Amount 
specified is 
different for 
each 
Interest 
Period/Inte
rest 
Payment 
Date) 
[Interest 
Participatio
n Rate 1] 
(Delete if 
Interest 
Participatio
n Rate is not 
applicable 
for all 
Interest 
Periods) 
[Minimum]
/[Maximum 
Reference 
Rate] 
(Delete if 
Minimum/M
aximum 
Reference 
Rate is not 
applicable 
for all 
Interest 
Periods) 
[Margin 
2] 
(Delete if 
Margin is 
not 
applicabl
e for all 
Interest 
Periods) 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate 2] 
(Delete if 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate is not 
applicable for 
all Interest 
Periods) 
[Minimum]/[
Maximum 
Reference 
Rate] 
(Delete if 
Minimum/Max
imum 
Reference Rate 
is not 
applicable for 
all Interest 
Periods) 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s)]/[●] 
[Not 
Applicable]
/[+/-
[●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Not 
Applicabl
e]/[+/-
[●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 734 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
734 
in each year 
[adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]
/[not 
adjusted]] 
]/[●]per 
cent. per 
annum] 
(repeat as 
required) 
(repeat as 
required) 
(repeat as 
required) 
]/[●] per 
cent. per 
annum] 
(repeat as 
required) 
(repeat as 
required) 
(repeat as 
required) 
 
(Insert table below if there is more than one Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate for different Interest 
Periods, as required) 
[Interest Period End 
Date(s)] 
[Reference Rate 1] 
(Insert for Range Accrual 
Notes if Minimum/Maximum 
Reference Rate is different 
for any Interest Period) 
[Reference Rate 2] 
(Insert for Range Accrual Notes if 
Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate is different 
for any Interest Period) 
 
[Minimum]/[Maximum 
Reference Rate] 
(Delete if 
Minimum/Maximum 
Reference Rate is not 
applicable for all Interest 
Periods) 
[Minimum]/[Maximum Reference Rate] 
(Delete if Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate 
is not applicable for all Interest Periods) 
[insert date(s)] (repeat 
as required) 
[●]/[Not Applicable] (repeat 
as required) 
[●]/[Not Applicable] (repeat as required) 
 
(Insert the table below if the Interest Rate, the Barrier or the Upper Range and Lower Range is different for 
each Interest Period, as required) 
[Range Accrual Table] 
[Interest Period End 
Date(s)] 
[Reference Observation]*
[Interest Rate]* 
[Barrier] [Upper 
Range] 
[Lower Range] 
[insert date(s)] (repeat 
as required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required)] 
 
*Insert additional columns for “Interest Rate” and “Reference Observation” for each Interest Period if 
different 
(Insert table below into if Dual Reference Observation or Triple Reference Observation is applicable, and 
if the Interest Rate, Barrier 1 and Barrier 2, or the Upper Range 1 and Lower Range 1, Upper Range 2 and 
Lower Range 2, as applicable, is different for each Interest Period, as required) 
[Range Accrual Table]

--- Page 735 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
735 
[Interest 
Period 
End 
Date(s)] 
[Interest 
Rate] 
[Accrual Condition 1] 
[Accrual Condition 2] 
[Accrual Condition 3] 
[Barrier 1]
[Lower 
Range 1] 
[Reference 
Observatio
n 1]* 
[Upper 
Range 1] 
[Barrier 2] 
[Lower 
Range 2] 
[Reference 
Observatio
n 2]* 
[Upper 
Range 2] 
[Barrier 3] 
[Lower 
Range 3] 
[Reference 
Observatio
n 3]* 
[Upper 
Range 3] 
[insert 
date(s)] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat 
as 
required)
] 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required)] 
 
*Insert additional columns for “Reference Observation 1” under the heading “Accrual Condition 1”, 
“Reference Observation 2” under the heading “Accrual Condition 2” and “Reference Observation 3” under 
the heading “Accrual Condition 3”, for each Interest Period if different. 
(Insert table below if “Lev”, Adj”, “RA Cap”, “RA Floor” and/or “Protection Level” are different for each 
Interest Period, as required) 
[Range Accrual Table] 
Interest 
Period End 
Date(s) 
Lev 
Adj 
RA Cap 
RA Floor 
Protection Level 
[insert 
date(s)] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat 
as required)] 
 
(Insert if Reference Observation (or if Dual Reference Observation or Triple Reference Observation is 
applicable, Reference Observation 1 and Reference Observation 2) is different for each Interest Period) 
 
[Reference Observation Table] 
Reference Observation [1] [2] [3]* 
Reference Rate 1 
(repeat as required if more than one Reference Rate One) 
[Interest Period 
End Date(s)] 
[Specified Fixed 
Rate]/[Reference 
Rate]/[Floating 
Rate 
Option]/[Relevant 
Swap Rate] 
[Page] 
[Relevant 
Financial Centre] 
[Reset Date] 
[Interest 
Determination 
Date(s)] 
[Reference Banks] 
(Insert if Reference 
Rate is other than 
LIBOR, EURIBOR, 
BBSW or BKBM) 
[Specified 
Time/Relevant Time]

--- Page 736 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
736 
[Interest Payment 
Date(s)]/[●] in 
each year 
[adjusted in 
accordance with 
[specify Business 
Day 
Convention]/[not 
adjusted]] (See 
General 
Condition 7(g) 
(Business Day 
Convention)) 
[Specified Fixed 
Rate: [●] % per 
annum] 
[Reference Rate: 
[●] month[s] [(the 
Designated 
Maturity) (include 
where Linear 
Interpolation is 
applicable)] [insert 
currency] 
[EURIBOR]/[LIBO
R]/[STIBOR]/[NIB
OR] 
/[CIBOR]/[ROBO
R]/[TIBOR]/[HIBO
R]/[BBSW (being 
the Sydney average 
mid rate for AUD 
bills of exchange)] 
[BKBM (being the 
Wellington rate for 
New Zealand 
Dollar bills of 
exchange)]] 
[Floating Rate 
Option: [●]] 
month[s] (the 
Designated 
Maturity) [●]] 
[Relevant Swap 
Rate: 
[month[s]/year[s]] 
(the Designated 
Maturity) 
[EUR/GBP/JPY 
10:00/JPY 
15:00/USD 
LIBOR/USD 
SOFR/Mid-Market] 
Swap Rate 
Reference 
Currency: [●]] 
[●] 
[As defined in the 
General 
Conditions]/[●] 
[As defined in the 
General 
Conditions]/[●] 
[Reference Rate Ones] 
 
[Specified Fixed 
Rate]/[Reference 
Rate]/[Floating 
Rate 
Option]/[Relevant 
Swap Rate] 
[Page] 
[Relevant 
Financial Centre] 
[Reset Date] 
[Interest 
Determination 
Date(s)] 
[Reference Banks] 
(Insert if Reference 
Rate is other than 
LIBOR, EURIBOR, 
BBSW or BKBM)

--- Page 737 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
737 
[As defined in the 
General 
Conditions]/[●] 
[Specified 
Time/Relevant Time] 
[As defined in the 
General 
Conditions]/[●] 
[Reference Rate Two]  
(repeat as required if more than one Reference Rate Two) 
 
[Specified Fixed 
Rate]/[Reference 
Rate]/[Floating 
Rate 
Option]/[Relevant 
Swap Rate] 
[Page] 
[Relevant 
Financial Centre] 
[Reset Date] 
[Interest 
Determination 
Date(s)] 
[As defined in the 
General 
Conditions]/[●] 
[Reference Banks] 
(Insert if Reference 
Rate is other than 
LIBOR, EURIBOR, 
BBSW or BKBM) 
[Specified 
Time/Relevant Time] 
[As defined in the 
General 
Conditions]/[●] 
[Reference Rate Two] 
 
[Specified Fixed 
Rate]/[Reference 
Rate]/[Floating 
Rate 
Option]/[Relevant 
Swap Rate] 
[Page] 
[Relevant 
Financial Centre] 
[Reset Date] 
[Interest 
Determination 
Date(s)] 
[As defined in the 
General 
Conditions]/[●] 
[Reference Banks] 
(Insert if Reference 
Rate is other than 
LIBOR, EURIBOR, 
BBSW or BKBM) 
[Specified 
Time/Relevant Time] 
[As defined in the 
General 
Conditions]/[●] 
 
* Insert additional columns for Reference Observation 2 and/or Reference Observation 3 if different for each 
Interest Period 
18
Spread Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] [in each [year]/[month] from, and including, 
[●] to, and including, [●]] [adjusted in accordance 
with [specify Business Day Convention]/[not 
adjusted] [(See General Condition 7(g) (Business 
Day Convention))] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Period End Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)]/[●]] [in each 
[year]/[month] from, and including, [●] to, and 
including, [●]] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]/[not adjusted]

--- Page 738 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
738 
[(See General Condition 7(g) (Business Day 
Convention))] 
[As set out in the Rate Table] (Interest Period End 
Date(s) may be set out in a “Rate Table” if 
required) 
 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual]/[(ICMA)]/[(ISDA)] 
 
[Determination Dates: [●] in each year 
(insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or scheduled maturity 
date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon. 
only 
applicable 
Actual/Actual]/[(ICMA).] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360]/[30/360] 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]/[1/1] 
 
(iv) 
Margin(s) (Spread Interest Rate): 
[Not Applicable]/[+/-]/[[●] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Margin (Spread Interest Rate) if more 
than one by inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
(v) 
Relevant Spread Rate:  
[Option One]/[No Option One]/[Spread Cap] 
 
(vi) 
Interest Participation Rate(s) (Spread 
Interest Rate): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(specify 
each 
Interest 
Participation Rate (Spread Interest Rate) if more 
than one by inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
(vii) 
Spread Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
V%: 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Multiplier: 
[●] 
 
(c) 
Spread Cap Margin: 
[Not Applicable]/[+/-]/[●] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Spread Cap Margin if more than one 
by inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
(d) 
Rate X: 
Spread Rate [1/2/3] 
 
(e) 
Rate Y: 
Spread Rate [1/2/3] 
 
(f) 
Rate Z: 
Spread Rate [1/2/3] 
 
(viii) 
Spread Rate 1: 
[Spread Reference Rate] [plus/minus] [Spread 
Rate 1 Margin]/[, and multiplied by Spread Rate 1 
Interest Participation Rate]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify whether the Spread Reference Rate for 
Spread Rate 1 is (i) one Reference Rate or (ii) the

--- Page 739 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
739 
sum of two or more specified Reference Rates or 
(iii) Reference Rate One minus Reference Rate Two 
and, in each case, whether each such rate is (a) a 
Fixed Interest Rate, or (b) a Floating Interest Rate 
and whether General Screen Rate Determination, 
USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination, SONIA 
Screen Rate Determination, SOFR Screen Rate 
Determination, €STR Screen Rate Determination, 
SARON Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination, or (c) a CMS Interest Rate, and in 
all cases specify details of all other relevant terms 
for each such rate e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination 
Date, 
Margin, 
any 
Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or Maximum Reference Rate, by inserting the 
details set out in (xiv) below as sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph, as required) 
 
(a) 
Spread Rate 1 Margin: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Spread 
Rate 
1 
Interest 
Participation Rate: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Spread Rate 2: 
[Spread Reference Rate] [plus/minus] [Spread 
Rate 2 Margin]/[, and multiplied by Spread Rate 2 
Interest Participation Rate]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify whether the Spread Reference Rate for 
Spread Rate 2 is (i) one Reference Rate or (ii) the 
sum of two or more specified Reference Rates or 
(iii) Reference Rate One minus Reference Rate Two 
and, in each case, whether each such rate is (a) a 
Fixed Interest Rate, or (b) a Floating Interest Rate 
and whether General Screen Rate Determination, 
USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination, SONIA 
Screen Rate Determination, SOFR Screen Rate 
Determination, €STR Screen Rate Determination, 
SARON Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination, or (c) a CMS Interest Rate, and in 
all cases specify details of all other relevant terms 
for each such rate e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination 
Date, 
Margin, 
any 
Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or Maximum Reference Rate, by inserting the 
details set out in (xiv) below as sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph, as required) 
 
(a) 
Spread Rate 2 Margin: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Spread 
Rate 
2 
Interest 
Participation Rate: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Spread Rate 3: 
[Spread Reference Rate] [plus/minus] [Spread 
Rate 3 Margin]/[, and multiplied by Spread Rate 3 
Interest Participation Rate]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify whether the Spread Reference Rate for 
Spread Rate 3 is (i) one Reference Rate or (ii) the 
sum of two or more specified Reference Rates or

--- Page 740 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
740 
(iii) Reference Rate One minus Reference Rate Two 
and, in each case, whether each such rate is (a) a 
Fixed Interest Rate, or (b) a Floating Interest Rate 
and whether General Screen Rate Determination, 
USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination, SONIA 
Screen Rate Determination, SOFR Screen Rate 
Determination, €STR Screen Rate Determination, 
SARON Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination, or (c) a CMS Interest Rate, and in 
all cases specify details of all other relevant terms 
for each such rate e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination 
Date, 
Margin, 
any 
Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or Maximum Reference Rate, by inserting the 
details set out in (xiv) below as sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph, as required) 
 
(a) 
Spread Rate 3 Margin: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Spread 
Rate 
3 
Interest 
Participation Rate: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Minimum Interest Rate (for the Spread 
Interest Rate): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Maximum Interest Rate (for the Spread 
Interest Rate):  
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(Insert the following if any relevant rate is 
determined by reference to provisions relating to 
Spread Note or specified as Spread Reference Rate) 
 
(xiii) 
Spread Reference Rate: 
(Specify whether Spread Reference Rate is (i) one 
Reference Rate or (ii) the sum of specified 
Reference Rates or (iii) Reference Rate One minus 
Reference Rate Two and, in each case, whether 
each such rate is (a) a Fixed Interest Rate, or (b) a 
Floating Interest Rate and whether General Screen 
Rate Determination, USD LIBOR Screen Rate 
Determination, SONIA Screen Rate Determination, 
SOFR Screen Rate Determination, €STR Screen 
Rate 
Determination, 
SARON 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination or ISDA Determination, or (c) a 
CMS Interest Rate, and in all cases specify details 
of all other relevant terms for each such rate e.g. 
any relevant Interest Determination Date, Margin, 
any Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or Maximum Reference Rate, 
by inserting the details set out in (xiv) below as 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph, as required) 
 
(xiv) 
Details of the Reference Rate(s) to be 
inserted: 
 
 
[If any Reference Rate is a Fixed Interest Rate, insert relevant sub-paragraphs from 
paragraph 14, as required]

--- Page 741 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
741 
 
(Insert if any Reference Rate is a 
Floating Interest Rate) [Method of 
Floating Rate Determination: 
[[General 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination]/[USD 
LIBOR Screen Rate Determination]/[SONIA 
Screen Rate Determination]/[SOFR Screen Rate 
Determination]/[€STR 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination]/[SARON 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination]/[ISDA Determination] applies] 
 
[Insert the relevant sub-paragraphs from paragraph 15] 
 
(Insert if any Reference Rate is a 
Floating Interest Rate and General 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable) [General Screen Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[Insert the relevant sub-paragraphs from paragraph 15] 
 
(Insert if any Reference Rate is a 
Floating Interest Rate and ISDA 
Determination is applicable) [ISDA 
Determination: 
[Applicable: 2006 ISDA Definitions]/[Applicable: 
2021 ISDA Definitions]]  
 
(Insert if Reference Rate is a CMS 
Interest Rate) [CMS Interest Rate: 
[Single CMS Interest Rate]/[Worse of CMS 
Interest Rates]/[CMS Spread Interest Rate] 
 
[Insert the relevant sub-paragraphs from paragraph 16] 
 
(xv) 
Adjustment and Disruption provisions: 
 
 
(a) 
Electronic Page: 
[●]  
 
(b) 
Rate Valuation Time: 
[●] 
 
(c) 
Rate Scheduled Trading Day: 
[A Business Day]/[A day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in [●] (specify each)]/[A day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open]/[A U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day] 
 
(d) 
Adjustments to Note Valuation 
Date (Rate Scheduled Trading 
Days): 
[Preceding 
Rate 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day]/ 
[Modified Following Rate Scheduled Trading Day] 
 
(e) 
Correction Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
— 
Correction Period: 
[●] 
 
(f) 
Move in Block: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Insert table below if Relevant Spread Rate, or the Margin (Spread Interest Rate), Interest Participation Rate 
(Spread Interest Rate), Minimum Interest Rate and/or Maximum Interest Rate in respect of the Relevant 
Spread Rate for each Interest Period is different)

--- Page 742 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
742 
[Rate Table for Spread Notes] 
[Interest Period End 
Date(s)] 
[Relevant Spread Rate] 
(Insert if different for each 
Interest Period) 
[Margin (Spread 
Interest Rate)] 
(Insert if Margin 
(Spread Interest 
Rate) is different 
for each Interest 
Period) 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate (Spread 
Interest Rate)] 
(Insert if Interest 
Participation Rate 
(Spread Interest 
Rate) is different 
for each Interest 
Period) 
[Minimum]/[Maximum 
Interest Rate] 
(Delete if 
Minimum/Maximum 
Interest Rate is not 
applicable for all Interest 
Periods) 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s)]/[●] 
in 
each 
year 
[adjusted 
in 
accordance 
with 
[specify Business Day 
Convention]/[not 
adjusted]] 
[No] [Option One]/ [Spread 
Cap] applicable 
[Not 
Applicable]/[+/-
]/[[●] per cent. per 
annum] (repeat as 
required) 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
 
(Insert table below if Spread Rate 1 Margin, Spread Rate 2 Margin, Spread Rate 1 Interest Participation 
Rate, Spread Rate 2 Interest Participation Rate, Minimum Reference Rate and/or Maximum Reference Rate 
for each Interest Period is different) 
[Interest Period 
End Date(s)] 
[Spread Rate 1] 
[Spread Rate 2] 
[Spread Rate 3]* 
[Spread Rate 1 
Margin] 
[Spread Rate 1 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate] 
(Insert 
additional 
columns for 
Spread Rate 1 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate or Spread 
Rate 2 Interest 
Participation 
Rate if different 
for each Interest 
Period) 
[Minimum/Max
[Spread Rate 2 
Margin]* 
[Spread Rate 3 
Margin]* 
[Spread Rate 2 
Interest 
Participation Rate] 
[Spread Rate 3 
Interest 
Participation Rate] 
(Insert additional 
columns for Spread 
Rate 1 Interest 
Participation Rate or 
Spread Rate 2 
Interest Participation

--- Page 743 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
743 
imum Reference 
Rate]* 
Rate if different for 
each Interest Period) 
[Minimum/Maximu
m Reference Rate]* 
[insert date(s)] 
(repeat as 
required) 
+/- [specify] (repeat 
as required) 
[specify] (repeat 
as required) 
+/- [specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required)] 
 
*Insert, if applicable, an additional column for “Spread Rate 3”, and additional columns for “Spread Rate 
3 Margin”, “Spread Rate 3 Interest Participation Rate” and/or “Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate” if 
different for each Interest Period. 
19
Inflation Linked Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] [in each [year] [month] from, and including, [●] 
to and including, [●]] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]/[not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 7(g) (Business Day 
Convention))] 
[As set out in the Rate Table] (specify each Interest 
Payment Date by inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
(ii) 
Interest Period End Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)]/[●]] [in each 
[year]/[month] from, and including, [●] to and 
including, [●]] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]/[not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 7(g) (Business Day 
Convention))]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Inflation Index: 
[●]  
 
(iv) 
Margin(s): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-]/[●] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Margin if different for each Interest 
Payment Date by tabulating this information in a 
Rate Table below) 
 
(v) 
UCL Relevant Months Prior: 
[●] months 
 
(vi) 
UCL 12 + Relevant Months Prior: 
[●] months 
 
(vii) Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[1/1]

--- Page 744 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
744 
 
(viii) 
Interest Participation Rate (IPR): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(specify 
each 
Interest 
Participation Rate if different for each Interest 
Payment Date by tabulating this information in a 
Rate Table below) 
 
(ix) 
Minimum Interest Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(specify each Minimum Interest Amount if different 
for each Interest Payment Date by tabulating this 
information in a Rate Table below) 
 
(x) 
Maximum Interest Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] [Not Applicable] 
(specify each Maximum Interest Amount if different 
for each Interest Payment Date by tabulating this 
information in a Rate Table below) 
 
(xi) 
Adjustment and Disruption provisions: 
 
 
(a) 
Fallback Bond:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If applicable, a 
particular Fallback Bond may (but need not) be 
specified) 
 
(b) 
Revision of level of Inflation 
Index: 
[Revision]/[No Revision] 
(NB: If neither “Revision” nor “No Revision” is 
specified, “No Revision” will be deemed to apply)] 
 
(c) 
Reference Month(s): 
[In respect of a Note Valuation Date]/[●] 
 
(d) 
Manifest Error Cut-off Date: 
[2 Business Days prior to the [relevant] Payment 
Date]/[●] 
(NB: If no Manifest Error Cut-off Date is specified, 
the cut-off date will be 2 Business Days prior to any 
relevant Payment Date) 
 
(e) 
Revision Cut-off Date: 
[2 Business Days prior to the [relevant] Payment 
Date]/[●] 
(NB: If no Revision Cut-off Date is specified, the 
cut-off date will be 2 Business Days prior to any 
relevant Payment Date) 
(Insert table below if there is more than one Margin, Interest Participation Rate or Minimum/Maximum 
Interest Rate (as applicable) for different Interest Periods, as required) 
[Rate Table]

--- Page 745 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
745 
[Interest Period 
End 
Date(s)]/[Interest 
Payment Date(s)] 
[Specified Rate 
1]/[Specified Rate 
2] 
[Margin] 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate] 
[Minimum]/[Maxim
um Interest 
Rate](Delete if 
Minimum/Maximum 
Interest Rate is not 
applicable for all 
Interest Periods) 
[Minimum]/ 
[Maximum 
Reference 
Rate](Delete if 
Minimum/ 
Maximum Reference 
Rate is not 
applicable for all 
Interest Period) 
[Minimum]/ 
[Maximum Interest 
Amount](Insert for 
Inflation Linked 
Notes or Range 
Accrual Notes if the 
Minimum/ 
Maximum Interest 
Amount specified is 
different for each 
Interest 
Period/Interest 
Payment Date) 
[Interest Payment 
Date(s)]/[●] 
in 
each 
year 
[adjusted 
in 
accordance 
with 
[specify Business 
Day 
Convention]/[not 
adjusted]] 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable] (repeat 
as required) 
[Not Applicable]/ 
[+/-]/[●] per cent. 
per 
annum] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
 
20
Notes linked to more than one Reference Item: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Adjustments to Note Valuation Dates 
(Scheduled Trading Days): 
[Move In Block]/[Value What You Can]/[Not 
Applicable]/[The provisions of General Condition 
5(j)(i) do not apply.]  
[Modified 
Following 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day]/[Preceding Scheduled Trading Day]

--- Page 746 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
746 
 
(ii) 
Adjustments 
to 
Note 
Valuation 
(Disrupted Days): 
[Move In Block]/[Value What You Can]/[Not 
Applicable]/[The provisions of General Condition 
5(j)(ii)apply] 
 
(iii) 
Valuation Roll: 
[●]/[Eight]/[Not Applicable] 
(If no Valuation Roll is stated, Valuation Roll will 
be equal to eight) 
(In the case of Range Accrual Notes, the provisions 
of 
General 
Condition 
5(e)(v)(C) 
(Interest 
Observation Date) will apply instead of this 
paragraph 20(iii))] 
21
Zero Coupon Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
22
[Redemption at Maturity: 
 
 
(i) 
Redemption Amount: 
[●]/[[●] per Note]/[Maturity Redemption Amount] 
(include for Credit Linked Notes)] (Only include if 
Redemption at Maturity is specified as the Type of 
Redemption) 
23
[Redemption by Instalments: 
 
(i) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[As set out in Appendix 3 (Instalment Notes) 
hereto.]  
(ii) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[As set out in Appendix 3 (Instalment Notes) 
hereto.]/[As set out in the Credit Linked 
Conditions.]](Only include if Redemption by 
Instalments is specified as the Type of Redemption) 
24
Early Redemption: 
 
 
(i) 
Applicable Triggers: 
[Early Redemption for Taxation Reasons]/[Early 
Redemption following the occurrence of an 
Illegality]/[Early 
Redemption 
following 
the 
occurrence of an Early Redemption Event]/[Early 
Redemption following the occurrence of an Event 
of 
Default]/[Issuer 
Call]/[General 
Condition 
6(b)(vi) (Redemption or adjustment for benchmark 
events) (specify particular events that should 
trigger early redemption)]/[Realisation Disruption 
Event]/[Underlying RMB Currency Event] 
 
(ii) 
[Early Redemption Amount]/[Optional 
Redemption Amount]: 
 
 
(a) 
Principal Amount plus accrued 
interest (if any) at maturity: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
For the purpose of General 
Condition 
6(b)(i) 
(Early 
Redemption 
for 
Taxation 
Reasons): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
[Fair Market Value]

--- Page 747 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
747 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (specify 
if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of 
a broader calculation) is applicable)]  
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (specify 
if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of 
a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any)] 
[Amortised Face Amount] (specify for Zero 
Coupon Notes) 
[●] (specify an amount only) 
[Additional Costs payable on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
(c) 
For the purpose of General 
Condition 
6(b)(ii) 
(Early 
Redemption 
following 
the 
occurrence of an Illegality): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
[Fair Market Value] 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (specify 
if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of 
a broader calculation) is applicable)]  
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (specify 
if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of 
a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any)] 
[Amortised Face Amount] (specify for Zero 
Coupon Notes) 
[Additional Costs payable on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 [●] (specify an amount only)  
 
(d) 
For the purpose of the General 
Condition 
6(b)(iii) 
(Early 
Redemption 
following 
the 
occurrence 
of 
an 
Early 
Redemption Event): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(I) 
Early 
Redemption 
following 
Adjustment 
Event 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If applicable/not 
applicable depending on the particular Adjustment 
Event, specify here which Adjustment Event is 
related to and replicate Early Redemption Amount 
below for each Adjustment Event if required) 
[If Applicable:

--- Page 748 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
748 
[Fair Market Value] 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (specify 
if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of 
a broader calculation) is applicable)]  
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (specify 
if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of 
a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any)] 
[Amortised Face Amount] (specify for Zero 
Coupon Notes) 
[Additional Costs payable on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]]  
[●] (specify an amount only) 
 
 
(II) 
Hedging 
Disruption 
Early Termination Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
[Fair Market Value] 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (specify 
if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of 
a broader calculation) is applicable)]  
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (specify 
if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of 
a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any)] 
[Amortised Face Amount] (specify for Zero 
Coupon Notes) 
[Additional Costs payable on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]]  
[●] (specify an amount only)  
 
(III) 
Section 871(m) Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
[Section 
871(m) 
(Hedging 
Positions): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Fair Market Value] 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (specify

--- Page 749 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
749 
if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of 
a broader calculation) is applicable)]  
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (specify 
if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of 
a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any)] 
[Amortised Face Amount] (specify for Zero 
Coupon Notes) 
[Additional Costs payable on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 [●] (specify an amount only)  
 
(IV) 
In respect of Inflation 
Linked 
Notes, 
the 
determination 
by 
the 
Calculation Agent that no 
Successor Index can be 
determined: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
[Fair Market Value] 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (specify 
if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of 
a broader calculation) is applicable)]  
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (specify 
if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of 
a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any)] 
[Amortised Face Amount] (specify for Zero 
Coupon Notes) 
[●] (specify an amount only)  
[Additional Costs payable on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
(V) 
In respect of Inflation 
Linked 
Notes, 
the 
determination 
by 
the 
Calculation Agent that no 
adjustment 
can 
reasonably be made: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
[Fair Market Value] 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (specify 
if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of 
a broader calculation) is applicable)]  
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (specify 
if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of 
a broader calculation) is applicable)]

--- Page 750 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
750 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any)] 
[Amortised Face Amount] (specify for Zero 
Coupon Notes) 
[●] (specify an amount only) 
[Additional Costs payable on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]]  
 
(VI) 
Obligor 
Regulatory 
Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
[Fair Market Value] 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (specify 
if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of 
a broader calculation) is applicable)]  
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (specify 
if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of 
a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any)] 
[Amortised Face Amount] (specify for Zero 
Coupon Notes) 
[●] (specify an amount only)  
[Additional Costs payable on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
(e) 
For the purpose of General 
Condition 
6(b)(iv) 
(Early 
Redemption 
following 
the 
occurrence of an Event of 
Default): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
[Fair Market Value] 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (specify 
if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of 
a broader calculation) is applicable)]  
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (specify 
if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of 
a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any)] 
[Amortised Face Amount] (specify for Zero 
Coupon Notes) 
[●] (specify an amount only)

--- Page 751 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
751 
[Additional Costs payable on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
(f) 
Issuer Call:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(I) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(II) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Note 
 
(III) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(1) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[●] per Note]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(2) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[●] per Note]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(IV) 
Notice period: 
[As set out in General Condition 6(b)(v) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer)]/[Not less 
than [●] Business Days] 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different to 
those provided in the General Conditions, the 
Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example clearing systems (which require a 
minimum of 5 business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, 
as 
well 
as 
any 
other 
notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent) 
 
(g) 
For the purpose of General 
Condition 6(b)(vi) (Redemption 
or adjustment for benchmark 
events): 
[Fair Market Value] 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (specify 
if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of 
a broader calculation) is applicable)]  
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (specify 
if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of 
a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any)] 
[Amortised Face Amount] (specify for Zero 
Coupon Notes) 
[●] (specify an amount only)  
[Additional Costs payable on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]]

--- Page 752 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
752 
 
(I) 
[Administrator/Benchma
rk Event (iii): 
[Not Applicable]] (Delete if not applicable) 
 
(II) 
Early 
Redemption 
following 
Administrator/Benchmar
k Event: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable] 
 
 
(III) 
[Reference Rate Event 
(Limb (iii)):  
[Not Applicable]] (Delete if not applicable) 
 
(IV) 
Pre-nominated 
Replacement Reference 
Rate(s):  
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(V) 
Reference 
Rate 
Early 
Redemption:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(h) 
For the purpose of General 
Condition 6(b)(vii) (Realisation 
Disruption Event): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
[Fair Market Value] 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (specify 
if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of 
a broader calculation) is applicable)]  
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (specify 
if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of 
a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any)] 
[Amortised Face Amount] (specify for Zero 
Coupon Notes) 
[●] (specify an amount only)  
[Additional Costs payable on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
(i) 
For the purpose of General 
Condition 
6(b)(viii) 
(Occurrence of an Underlying 
RMB Currency Event): 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Always 
Not 
Applicable for Index Skew Notes) 
[If Applicable: 
[Fair Market Value] 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (specify 
if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of 
a broader calculation) is applicable)]  
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (specify

--- Page 753 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
753 
if Fair Market Value (itself or as part of 
a broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any)] 
[Amortised Face Amount] (specify for Zero 
Coupon Notes) 
[●] (specify an amount only)  
[Additional Costs payable on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
Other provisions relating to an RMB Currency Event 
 
– 
[RMB Relevant 
Currency: 
[●] 
 
– 
RMB Relevant Currency 
Valuation Time: 
[●] 
 
– 
RMB Relevant Spot 
Rate Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
– 
RMB Settlement Centre: 
[[●] (Specify)]/[Hong Kong]] 
ADJUSTMENTS 
 
25
Adjustment Event 
 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Increased Cost of Index Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
26
Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph 26) 
 
(i) 
2003 Reference Entity: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Delete if “2014 
Reference Entity” is Applicable) 
 
(ii) 
2014 Reference Entity: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Delete if “2003 
Reference Entity” is Applicable) 
 
(iii) 
Type of Notes: 
[Single Name Credit Linked Notes]/[Nth-to-
Default Basket Credit Linked Notes]/[Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Notes]/[Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Notes]/[Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes]/[Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked

--- Page 754 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
754 
Notes]/[Local Access Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes]/[Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes] 
 
(iv) [Credit Event Redemption Method: 
[Auction 
Redemption]/[Cash 
Redemption]/[Physical 
Redemption]/[Fixed 
Recovery Redemption] 
 
[– 
Fallback Redemption Method: 
[Cash Redemption]/[Physical Redemption]/[Not 
Applicable]]] (Delete this row if not applicable) 
 
(v) 
[Risk Event Redemption Method: 
[LA 
Cash 
Redemption]/[LA 
Physical 
Redemption]/[LA Fixed Recovery Redemption]] 
(Delete this row if not applicable) 
 
(vi) 
[Fixed Recovery Percentage: 
[0 per cent.]/[[●] per cent.]/[100 per cent.]] (Delete 
this row if not applicable) 
 
(vii) 
[Credit Payment following Credit 
Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] (Delete this row if 
not applicable) 
 
(viii) 
[Credit Payment following Risk Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] (Delete this row if 
not applicable) 
 
(ix) 
[Credit Payment on Maturity: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[– 
Funding Interest Rate: 
[●] (Only include if ‘Credit Payment on Maturity’ 
is applicable)]] (Delete this row if not applicable) 
 
(x) 
Credit Event Backstop Date: 
[Trade Date]/[Issue Date]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] 
 
(xi) 
Interest Accrual on Default: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]/[[Not Applicable. 
The Notes are Zero Coupon Notes] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Notes)] 
 
(xii) 
No Interest Accrual on Default: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]/[[Not Applicable. 
The Notes are Zero Coupon Notes] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Notes)] 
 
(xiii) 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
– 
Reference Entity: 
[Specify] 
(Specify relevant information about the Reference 
Entity in paragraph 12 of Part B below.) 
 
– 
Standard Reference Obligation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(Where Applicable, specify Reference Obligation 
below if the fallback to a Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation under paragraph (c) of the definition of 
“Reference Obligation” is to apply.) 
 
– 
Seniority Level: 
[Senior Level]/[Subordinated Level]/[Senior Non-
Preferred Level]

--- Page 755 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
755 
 
– 
Reference Obligation: 
[Specify Reference Obligations, including a short 
description thereof if the Reference Entity is not a 
sovereign, where applicable] 
 
 
Primary obligor: 
[●] 
ISIN: 
[●] 
Bloomberg Ticker: 
[●] 
Maturity: 
[●] 
Currency: 
[●] 
Governing law: 
[●] 
Listed on the 
following stock 
exchanges/Admitted 
to trading on the 
following markets: 
[●] 
 
– 
Auction Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if ‘Auction 
Redemption’ is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method) 
 
– 
Auction Redemption Date: 
[[●] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
‘Auction Redemption’ is the Credit Event 
Redemption Method) 
 
– 
Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if ‘Cash 
Redemption’ is applicable) 
 
– 
Cash Redemption Date: 
[[●] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
‘Cash Redemption’ is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method or the Fallback Redemption Method) 
 
– 
Unwind Costs: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] 
 
– 
[Final 
Auction 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions]] (Only include if ‘Auction 
Redemption’ and ‘Credit Payment on Maturity’ are 
applicable, otherwise delete row) 
 
– 
[Final 
Cash 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions]] (Only include if ‘Cash

--- Page 756 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
756 
Redemption’ and ‘Credit Payment on Maturity’ are 
applicable, otherwise delete row) 
 
(xiv) 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
– 
Reference Entities, Transaction 
Type and Seniority Level: 
As set out in Appendix 1 (Credit Linked Notes) 
hereto. 
 
– 
Nth Reference Entity: 
[Specify] 
 
– 
Standard Reference Obligation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]/[In respect of each 
Reference Entity, the obligation identified in 
respect of such Reference Entity in Appendix 1 
(Credit Linked Notes) hereto, where applicable] 
(Where applicable, specify Reference Obligation(s) 
in Appendix 1 (Credit Linked Notes) hereto if the 
fallback to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
under paragraph (c)of the definition of “Reference 
Obligation” is to apply. Insert the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation for each Reference Entity) 
 
– 
Reference Obligations(s): 
In respect of each Reference Entity, the obligation 
identified in respect of such Reference Entity in 
Appendix 1 (Credit Linked Notes) hereto, where 
applicable. 
 
– 
Auction Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if ‘Auction 
Redemption’ is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method) 
 
– 
Auction Redemption Date: 
[[●] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
‘Auction Redemption’ is the Credit Event 
Redemption Method) 
 
– 
Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if ‘Cash 
Redemption’ is applicable) 
 
– 
Cash Redemption Date: 
[[●] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
‘Cash Redemption’ is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method or the Fallback Redemption Method) 
 
– 
Unwind Costs: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] 
 
– 
[Final 
Auction 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions]] (Only include if ‘Auction

--- Page 757 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
757 
Redemption’ and ‘Credit Payment on Maturity’ are 
applicable, otherwise delete row) 
 
– 
[Final 
Cash 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions]] (Only include if ‘Cash 
Redemption’ and ‘Credit Payment on Maturity’ are 
applicable, otherwise delete row) 
 
(xv) 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
– 
Reference 
Entities 
and 
Transaction Type, Reference 
Entity Weighting, 
Reference 
Entity Notional Amount and 
Seniority Level: 
As set out in Appendix 1 (Credit Linked Notes) 
hereto. 
 
– 
Standard Reference Obligations: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]/[In respect of each 
Reference Entity, the obligation identified in 
respect of such Reference Entity in Appendix 1 
(Credit Linked Notes) hereto, where applicable] 
(Where applicable, specify Reference Obligation(s) 
in Appendix 1 (Credit Linked Notes) hereto if the 
fallback to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
under paragraph (c)of the definition of “Reference 
Obligation” is to apply. Insert the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation for each Reference Entity) 
 
– 
Reference Obligations(s): 
In respect of each Reference Entity, the obligation 
identified in respect of such Reference Entity in 
Appendix 1 (Credit Linked Notes) hereto, where 
applicable. 
 
– 
Auction Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if ‘Auction 
Redemption’ is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method) 
 
– 
Auction Redemption Date: 
[[●] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
‘Auction Redemption’ is the Credit Event 
Redemption Method) 
 
– 
Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if ‘Cash 
Redemption’ is applicable) 
 
– 
Cash Redemption Date: 
[[●] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
‘Cash Redemption’ is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method or the Fallback Redemption Method)

--- Page 758 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
758 
 
– 
Unwind Costs: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] 
 
– 
[Final 
Auction 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions]] (Only include if ‘Auction 
Redemption’ and ‘Credit Payment on Maturity’ are 
applicable, otherwise delete row) 
 
– 
[Final 
Cash 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions]] (Only include if ‘Cash 
Redemption’ and ‘Credit Payment on Maturity’ are 
applicable, otherwise delete row) 
 
(xvi) 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
– 
Index: 
[Specify relevant iTraxx® index Series [●] 
Version]/[Specify relevant CDX® index Series [●] 
Version] 
 
– 
Index Annex Date: 
[●] 
 
– 
Effective Date: 
[●] 
 
– 
Index Sponsor: 
[●] 
 
– 
Index Publisher: 
[●] 
 
– 
Reference 
Entities 
and 
Reference Entity Weightings: 
As set out in the Index Annex with the Index Annex 
Date specified hereto. 
 
– 
Standard Reference Obligation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]/[In respect of each 
Reference Entity, as specified in the Index Annex 
with the Index Annex Date specified hereto, where 
applicable] 
 
– 
Reference Obligations: 
In respect of each Reference Entity, the obligation 
identified in respect of such Reference Entity in the 
Index Annex with the Index Annex Date specified 
hereto, where applicable. 
 
– 
Auction Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if ‘Auction 
Redemption’ is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method) 
 
– 
Auction Redemption Date: 
[[●] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
‘Auction Redemption’ is the Credit Event 
Redemption Method) 
 
– 
Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit

--- Page 759 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
759 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if ‘Cash 
Redemption’ is applicable) 
 
– 
Cash Redemption Date: 
[[●] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
‘Cash Redemption’ is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method or the Fallback Redemption Method) 
 
– 
Unwind Costs: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] 
 
– 
[Final 
Auction 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions]] (Only include if ‘Auction 
Redemption’ and ‘Credit Payment on Maturity’ are 
applicable, otherwise delete row) 
 
– 
[Final 
Cash 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions]] (Only include if ‘Cash 
Redemption’ and ‘Credit Payment on Maturity’ are 
applicable, otherwise delete row) 
 
(xvii) 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
– 
Index: 
[Specify relevant iTraxx® index Series [●] 
Version]/[Specify relevant CDX® index Series [●] 
Version] 
 
– 
Index Annex Date: 
[●] 
 
– 
Effective Date: 
[●] 
 
– 
Index Sponsor: 
[●] 
 
– 
Index Publisher: 
[●] 
 
– 
Reference 
Entities 
and 
Reference Entity Weightings: 
As set out in the Index Annex with the Index Annex 
Date specified hereto. 
 
– 
Standard Reference Obligation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]/[In respect of each 
Reference Entity, as specified in the Index Annex 
with the Index Annex Date specified hereto, where 
applicable] 
 
– 
Reference Obligations: 
In respect of each Reference Entity, the obligation 
identified in respect of such Reference Entity in the 
Index Annex with the Index Annex Date specified 
hereto, where applicable. 
 
– 
Attachment Point: 
[●] per cent. 
 
– 
Exhaustion Point: 
[●] per cent.

--- Page 760 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
760 
 
– 
Tranche Size: 
[●] per cent. (This is the Exhaustion Point minus 
the Attachment Point) 
 
– 
Implicit Portfolio Size: 
[●] (This is (a) the Original Aggregate Nominal 
Amount, divided by (b) the Tranche Size) 
 
– 
Loss Threshold Amount: 
[●] (This is the product of (a) the Implicit Portfolio 
Size and (b) the Attachment Point) 
 
– 
Recovery Threshold Amount: 
[●] (This is the product of (a) the Implicit Portfolio 
Size and (b) 100 per cent. minus the Exhaustion 
Point) 
 
– 
Settled Entity Matrix: 
[Specify name and date of matrix, as published, in 
Appendix 1 (Credit Linked Notes) hereto]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
– 
Settled Entity Incurred Loss 
Amount: 
[●]/[As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
– 
Settled 
Entity 
Incurred 
Recovery Amount: 
[●]/[As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
– 
Auction Redemption Date: 
[[●] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
‘Auction Redemption’ is the Credit Event 
Redemption Method) 
 
– 
Cash Redemption Date: 
[[●] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
‘Cash Redemption’ is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method or the Fallback Redemption Method) 
 
– 
Index Tranched 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] 
 
– 
Unwind Costs: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] 
 
– 
[Index 
Tranched 
Final 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions]] (Only include if ‘Credit 
Payment on Maturity’ is applicable, otherwise 
delete row) 
 
(xviii) 
Portfolio Tranched 
Credit 
Linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
– 
Index: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 761 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
761 
 
– 
Reference 
Entities 
and 
Transaction Type, Reference 
Entity Weighting, 
Reference 
Entity Notional Amount and 
Seniority Level: 
As set out in Appendix 1 (Credit Linked Notes) 
hereto 
 
– 
Standard Reference Obligation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]/[In respect of each 
Reference Entity, as specified in Appendix 1 
(Credit Linked Notes) hereto, where applicable] 
(Where 
Applicable, 
specify 
Reference 
Obligation(s) in Appendix 1 (Credit Linked Notes) 
hereto if the fallback to a Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation under paragraph (c) of the definition of 
“Reference Obligation” is to apply. Insert the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation for each Reference 
Entity) 
 
– 
Reference Obligations(s): 
In respect of each Reference Entity, the obligation 
identified in respect of such Reference Entity in 
Appendix 1 (Credit Linked Notes) hereto, where 
applicable. 
 
– 
Attachment Point: 
[●] per cent. 
 
– 
Exhaustion Point: 
[●] per cent. 
 
– 
Tranche Size: 
[●] per cent. (This is the Exhaustion Point minus 
the Attachment Point) 
 
– 
Implicit Portfolio Size: 
[●] (This is (a) the Original Aggregate Nominal 
Amount, divided by (b) the Tranche Size) 
 
– 
Loss Threshold Amount: 
[●] (This is the product of (a) the Implicit Portfolio 
Size and (b) the Attachment Point) 
 
– 
Recovery Threshold Amount: 
[●] (This is the product of (a) the Implicit Portfolio 
Size and (b) 100 per cent. minus the Exhaustion 
Point) 
 
– 
Auction Redemption Date: 
[[●] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
‘Auction Redemption’ is the Credit Event 
Redemption Method) 
 
– 
Cash Redemption Date: 
[[●] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
‘Cash Redemption’ is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method or the Fallback Redemption Method) 
 
– 
Portfolio Tranched Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions]  
 
– 
Unwind Costs: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions]

--- Page 762 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
762 
 
– 
[Portfolio 
Tranched 
Final 
Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions]] (Only include if ‘Credit 
Payment on Maturity’ is applicable, otherwise 
delete row) 
 
(xix) 
Local Access Single Name Credit 
Linked Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
– 
Reference Entity: 
[●] 
 
– 
Reference Asset(s): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Reference Assets Call/Maturity 
Date: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Reference Assets Conditions 
Date: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Reference 
Assets 
Only 
Settlement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Applicable Principal Currency 
Amount: 
[●]/[The aggregate principal amount of Local 
Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
outstanding] 
 
– 
LCY Reference Amount: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
LA Relevant Currency: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Reference Custodian: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Reference Jurisdiction: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Additional Risk Event: 
[Applicable: 
[Inconvertibility Event]/ 
[Ownership Restriction Event]/ 
[Settlement/Custodial Event]/ 
[Non-Viability Trigger Event]/ 
[Market Value Trigger Event – Market Value 
Trigger Level: [●] per cent. (Specify)]/ 
[Reference Assets Restructuring Event]]/ 
[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Additional Risk Event Start 
Date: 
[Trade Date]/[Issue Date]

--- Page 763 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
763 
 
– 
LA Interest Amount: 
[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions]/[●]/[ 
LA Interest 
Payment Date, in 
each case, subject as 
provided in the 
Credit Linked 
Conditions: 
LA Interest 
Amount: 
[●] 
[local 
currency 
amount] divided by 
the applicable FX 
Rate 
[●] 
[local 
currency 
amount] divided by 
the applicable FX 
Rate 
 
 
] 
 
– 
FX Forward Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the below sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
[LCY: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Reference Assets Forward 
Rate: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Reference 
Assets 
FX 
Forward Notional: 
[●] 
 
(iv) Reference 
Assets 
FX 
Forward Termination Date: 
[●]] 
 
– 
LA Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if ‘Cash 
Redemption’ is applicable) 
 
– 
LA Cash Redemption Date: 
[[●] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
– 
LA Physical Redemption Date: 
[[●] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if ‘LA 
Physical Redemption’ is the Credit Event 
Redemption Method) 
 
– 
[Final LA Cash Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions]] (Only include if ‘Cash 
Redemption’ and ‘Credit Payment on Maturity’ is 
applicable, otherwise delete row)

--- Page 764 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
764 
 
– 
Unwind Costs: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] 
 
– 
Tax Deduction Event – Interest: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Tax 
Deduction 
Event 
– 
Principal: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xx) 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
– 
Reference Entities, Reference 
Assets, 
Reference 
Assets 
Call/Maturity Date, Reference 
Entity 
Weighting, 
Reference 
Entity 
Notional 
Amount, 
Reference 
Assets 
Coupon 
Payment Date and Reference 
Assets Conditions Date: 
As set out in the Reference Registry in Appendix 1 
(Credit Linked Notes) hereto. 
 
– 
Reference 
Assets 
Only 
Settlement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Reference 
Assets 
Only 
Settlement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Applicable Principal Currency 
Amount: 
[As set out in the Reference Registry in Appendix 
1 (Credit Linked Notes) hereto]/[The aggregate 
principal amount of Local Access Basket Credit 
Linked Notes outstanding] 
 
– 
Settlement Currency Principal 
Amount: 
[As set out in the Reference Registry in Appendix 
1 (Credit Linked Notes) hereto]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
LCY Reference Amount: 
[As set out in the Reference Registry in Appendix 
1 (Credit Linked Notes) hereto]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
LA Relevant Currency: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Reference Custodian: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Reference Jurisdiction: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Additional Risk Event: 
[Applicable: 
[Inconvertibility Event]/ 
[Ownership Restriction Event]/ 
[Settlement/Custodial Event]/ 
[Reference Assets Liquidation Value Trigger Event 
– Reference Assets Trigger Level: [●] per cent. 
(Specify)]/ 
[Non-Viability Trigger Event]/

--- Page 765 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
765 
[Market Value Trigger Event – Market Value 
Trigger Level: [●] per cent. (Specify)]/ 
[Reference Assets Restructuring Event]]/ 
[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Additional Risk Event Start 
Date: 
[Trade Date]/[Issue Date] 
 
– 
LA Interest Amount: 
[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions]/[●]/[ 
LA Interest 
Payment Date, in 
each case, subject as 
provided in the 
Credit Linked 
Conditions: 
LA Interest 
Amount: 
[●] 
[local 
currency 
amount] divided by 
the applicable FX 
Rate 
[●] 
[local 
currency 
amount] divided by 
the applicable FX 
Rate 
] 
 
– 
FX Forward Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the below sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
[LCY: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Reference Assets Forward 
Rate: 
As set out in the Reference Registry in Appendix 1 
(Credit Linked Notes) hereto. 
 
(iii) Reference 
Assets 
FX 
Forward Notional: 
As set out in the Reference Registry in Appendix 1 
(Credit Linked Notes) hereto. 
 
(iv) Reference 
Assets 
FX 
Forward Termination Date: 
As set out in the Reference Registry in Appendix 1 
(Credit Linked Notes) hereto.] 
 
– 
LA Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if ‘LA Cash 
Redemption’ is applicable) 
 
– 
LA Cash Redemption Date: 
[[●] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if ‘LA 
Cash Redemption’ is applicable) 
 
– 
LA Physical Redemption Date: 
[[●] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As per

--- Page 766 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
766 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if ‘LA 
Physical Redemption’ is the Credit Event 
Redemption Method) 
 
– 
[Final LA Cash Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions]] (Only include if ‘Cash 
Redemption’ and ‘Credit Payment on Maturity’ is 
applicable, otherwise delete row) 
 
– 
Unwind Costs: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] 
 
– 
Tax Deduction Event – Interest: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Tax 
Deduction 
Event 
– 
Principal: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxi) 
Payment Failure Cut-Off Date: 
[As per the Credit Linked Conditions.]/[[●] 
Business Days following the later to occur of (a) 
any scheduled payment date or the (b) Scheduled 
Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date, as 
applicable] 
 
(xxii) 
Physical Settlement Matrix Standard 
Terms: 
[Applicable: As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical 
Settlement Matrix), as amended pursuant to the 
relevant elections in this Part A (Contractual 
Terms)]2/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Transaction Type: 
[●] (Include if Physical Settlement Matrix Standard 
Terms are applicable)] 
 
(xxiii) 
[Physical Settlement Matrix Elections: 
Restructuring: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Monoline 
Supplement: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]] (Include where the Transaction Type 
is 
“Standard 
North 
American 
Corporate” 
otherwise delete.) 
 
(xxiv) 
Credit Event[(s)]: 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]2/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
2 
Drafting Note: Include the corresponding election from the relevant Schedule in Appendix 2. If the applicable “Transaction Type” is (i) 
Standard North American Corporate, see Schedule 1, (ii) Standard European Corporate/Standard European Financial Corporate/Standard 
European CoCo Financial Corporate/Standard European Senior Non-Preferred Financial Corporate/Standard European Limited Recourse 
Corporate, see Schedule 2, (iii) Standard Subordinated European Insurance Corporate, see Schedule 3, (iv) Standard Emerging European 
Corporate LPN, see Schedule 4, (v) Standard Emerging European Corporate, see Schedule 5, (vi) Standard Latin America Corporate B, see 
Schedule 6, (vii) Standard Latin America Corporate BL, see Schedule 7, (viii) Standard Australia Corporate/Standard Australia Financial 
Corporate, see Schedule 8, (ix) Standard New Zealand Corporate/Standard New Zealand Financial Corporate, see Schedule 9, (x) Standard 
Japan Corporate/Standard Japan Financial Corporate, see Schedule 10, (xi) Standard Singapore Corporate/Standard Singapore Financial 
Corporate, see Schedule 11, (xii) Standard Asia Corporate/Standard Asia Financial Corporate, see Schedule 12, (xiii) Standard Western 
European Sovereign, see Schedule 13, (xiv) Standard Latin America Sovereign, see Schedule 14, (xv) Standard Emerging European & Middle 
Eastern Sovereign, see Schedule 15, (xvi) Standard Australia Sovereign, see Schedule 16, (xvii) Standard New Zealand Sovereign, see 
Schedule 17, (xviii) Standard Japan Sovereign, see Schedule 18, (xix) Standard Singapore Sovereign, see Schedule 19, (xx) Standard Asia 
Sovereign, see Schedule 20, (xxi) Standard U.S. Municipal Full Faith and Credit, see Schedule 21, (xxii) Standard U.S. Municipal General 
Fund, see Schedule 22 and (xxiii) Standard U.S. Municipal Revenue, see Schedule 23.

--- Page 767 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
767 
 
– 
Default Requirement: 
[[●] or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation 
Currency]/[As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
– 
Notice of Publicly Available 
Information: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxv) 
Obligations: 
 
 
– 
Obligation Category: 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]2/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
– 
Obligation Characteristics: 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]2/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
– 
All Guarantees: 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]2/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
– 
Excluded Obligation: 
[Specify]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxvi) 
Deliverable Obligations: 
 
 
– 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Category: 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]2/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
– 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristics: 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]2/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
– 
All Guarantees: 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]2/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
– 
Excluded 
Deliverable 
Obligation: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxvii) Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]2/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
(xxviii) Subordinated 
European 
Insurance 
Terms: 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]2/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
(xxix) 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package 
Delivery Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit 
Derivatives 
Definitions 
(September 15, 2014): 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]2/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)]

--- Page 768 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
768 
 
(xxx) 
Monoline Supplement: 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]2/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
(xxxi) 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]2/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
(xxxii) Additional Provisions for the Republic 
of Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and 
Excluded 
Deliverable 
Obligations 
(April 11, 2016): 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]2/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
(xxxiii) 2020 Additional Provisions for the 
Republic 
of 
Ecuador: 
Excluded 
Obligations and Excluded Deliverable 
Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]2/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
(xxxiv) 2020 Additional Provisions for the 
Argentine 
Republic: 
Excluded 
Obligations and Excluded Deliverable 
Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]2/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
(xxxv) Hungary Additional Provisions: 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]2/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
(xxxvi) Additional Provisions for the Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]2/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
(xxxvii) Additional 
Provisions 
for 
Certain 
Venezuelan 
Entities: 
Excluded 
Obligations and Excluded Deliverable 
Obligations (September [19], 2017): 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]2/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
(xxxviii) Additional Provisions for the Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]2/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
(xxxix) 2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 
ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
(September 15, 2014): 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]2/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
– 
[Trigger Percentage: 
[●]] 
 
(xl) 
Additional Provisions for Senior Non-
Preferred 
Reference 
Obligations 
(published on December 8, 2017): 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]2/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)]

--- Page 769 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
769 
 
(xli) 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 
ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions 
(July 15, 2019): 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]2/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
– 
Fallback Discounting:  
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]2/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
– 
Credit 
Deterioration 
Requirement: 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]2/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
(xlii) 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional 
Provisions (December 2, 2020): 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]2/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
(xliii) 
[2012 ISDA U.S. Municipal Reference 
Entity Supplement to the 2003 Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (March 5, 
2012): 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]2/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)]] (Include if “2003 Reference Entity” 
is applicable) 
 
(xliv) 
Single 
Notifying 
Party 
Event 
Determination Date: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xlv) 
Movement Option: 
[Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Full 
Transferable Obligation Applicable]/[Modified 
Restructuring 
Maturity 
Limitation 
and 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation Applicable] 
 
(xlvi) 
Cash Redemption Terms: 
[Applicable 
[as 
Fallback 
Redemption 
Method]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Valuation Date[(s)]: 
[Single Valuation Date: 
Number of Business Days: [Specify]/[As per the 
Credit Linked Conditions]] 
[Multiple Valuation Dates: 
[●] Business Days and each [●] Business Days 
thereafter. [Number of Valuation Dates: [●]]] 
 
– 
Valuation Time: 
[●]/[As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
– 
Valuation Method: 
[Highest]/[Market]/[Average 
Highest]/[Average 
Market]/[Lowest] 
 
– 
Quotation Method: 
[Bid]/[Offer]/[Mid-market] 
 
– 
Quotation Dealers: 
[●]/[As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
– 
Accrued Interest: 
[Include Accrued Interest]/[Exclude Accrued 
Interest]/[As 
per 
Credit 
Linked 
Condition 
16(a)(ii)(III) (Determination of Final Price)]

--- Page 770 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
770 
 
(xlvii) 
Physical Redemption Terms: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Physical Settlement Period: 
[[●] Business Days]/[As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
 
– 
[Include Accrued Interest: 
Applicable](Delete this row if not applicable) 
 
– 
Fallback Cash Redemption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xlviii) Partial 
Cash 
Redemption 
Terms/Fallback 
Cash 
Redemption 
Terms: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Valuation Time: 
[●]/[As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
(xlix) 
Redemption Following Merger: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Merger Redemption Amount: 
[Early Redemption Amount]/[Each Note’s pro rata 
share of an amount (subject to a minimum of zero) 
equal to (i) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Credit Linked Notes minus (ii) the 
Unwind Costs, if any] 
 
(l) 
Settlement Currency: 
[●]/[As per the General Conditions] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INDEX SKEW NOTES 
27
Index Skew Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Hypothetical Skew Transactions: 
(a) Hypothetical 
Index 
Untranched 
Transaction;  
(b) Hypothetical Single Name Set. 
 
(ii) 
Index Skew Positions: 
The Issuer is the [[buyer]/[seller] (Delete as 
applicable)] of credit protection under the 
Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction.  
The Issuer is the [[buyer]/[seller] (Delete as 
applicable)] of credit protection under the 
Hypothetical Single Name Set. 
 
(iii) 
Hypothetical Swap Counterparty: 
[Citibank, N.A. (Specify the relevant branch, where 
relevant)]/[Citigroup Global Markets Limited]/[●] 
 
(iv) 
Hypothetical 
Index 
Untranched 
Transaction General Terms: 
 
 
– 
Eligible Index: 
[[●] (Specify Index name)] Series [●] Version [●] 
 
– 
Relevant Annex: 
[●] 
 
– 
Index Annex Date: 
[●] 
 
– 
Documentation Form: 
[[●] (Specify name of supplement, publisher and 
date of publication)] [incorporating the [●](Specify

--- Page 771 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
771 
name of supplement, publisher and date of 
publication)] 
 
– 
Trade Date: 
[●] 
 
– 
Effective Date: 
[●] 
 
– 
Scheduled Termination Date: 
[●] 
 
– 
Original Notional Amount: 
[●] 
 
(v) 
Hypothetical Single Name Transaction 
General Terms: 
 
 
– 
Documentation Form: 
[Confirmation for use with Credit Derivatives 
Physical Settlement Matrix (version [●] – [[●] 
(Specify date of publication))] – 2014 Definitions 
Version] [and incorporating [[●] (Specify name of 
supplement, publisher and date of publication, if 
applicable)]] 
 
– 
Trade Date: 
[●] 
 
– 
Effective Date: 
[●] 
 
– 
Scheduled Termination Date: 
[●] 
 
– 
Matrix Publication Date: 
[Effective Date of the Eligible Index]/[●] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
28
Form of Notes: 
[Registered 
Notes]/[Regulation 
S 
Global 
Registered Note Certificate [(U.S.$[●] principal 
amount)] registered in the name of a nominee for 
[a 
common 
depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg]/Rule 
144A 
Global 
Registered 
Note 
Certificate 
[(U.S.$[●] principal amount)] registered in the 
name of a nominee for [DTC/ a common depositary 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg/a 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg])] 
 
 
[Swedish Notes - insert details (including details of 
the Swedish Notes Issuing and Paying Agent and 
the provisions of the Fiscal Agency Agreement 
which apply to the Notes)]] 
 
 
[Finnish Notes – insert details (including details of 
the Finnish Notes Issuing and Paying Agent]] 
29
New Safekeeping Structure: 
[Yes – New Safekeeping Structure applies]/[Not 
Applicable] 
30
Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
 
(N.B. this paragraph relates to the definition of 
“Business Day”)

--- Page 772 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
772 
31
Business Day Jurisdiction(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
(N.B. this paragraph relates to the date and place 
of payment) 
32
Redenomination: 
[Applicable: The provisions of General Condition 
16 (Redenomination) apply]/[Not Applicable] 
33
Further Issues of Notes: 
[The provisions of General Condition 12 (Further 
Issues) apply]/[Not Applicable] 
34
Name and address of Calculation Agent(s): 
[Citibank, N.A. (Specify relevant branch, if 
applicable)]/[Citigroup 
Global 
Markets 
Limited]/[Citigroup Global Markets Inc.] 
[Relevant Business: [●]] 
35
Determination Agent: 
[Citigroup Global Markets Limited]/[Citigroup 
Global Markets Inc.]/[Citigroup Global Markets 
Europe AG]/[●] 
36
Substitution provisions: 
[Applicable: The provisions of General Condition 
15 (Substitution of the Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor 
and 
the 
CGMFL 
Guarantor) 
apply]/[Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
– 
Additional requirements: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable: The provisions of 
General Condition 15(b)(ii) (Substitution of 
CGMFL and/or the CGMFL Guarantor) apply]] 
(Delete where the Substitution provisions are Not 
Applicable)]  
(Only include this row where CGMFL is the Issuer 
and delete this row where CGMHI is the Issuer) 
37
Determinations: 
 
 
(i) 
Standard: 
[Sole and Absolute Determination]/[Commercial 
Determination] 
 
(ii) 
Minimum 
Amount 
Adjustment 
Prohibition: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By:……………………………………………………. 
Duly authorised

--- Page 773 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
773 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING: 
 
Admission to trading and listing: 
[Application [has been/will be] made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [the Regulated Market] of 
Euronext Dublin with effect from on or around 
[●]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Tranche [●] of the Notes has been admitted to 
trading on the Regulated Market of Euronext 
Dublin with effect from [●]] (Where documenting 
a fungible issue, need to indicate that original 
Notes are already admitted to trading) 
 
[Estimate of total expenses related to admission 
to trading: 
[●]] 
2 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
The Notes are [not] rated. [The rating of the Notes 
is: 
 
 
(i) 
[S&P: 
[●]] 
 
 
(ii) [Moody’s: 
[●]] 
 
 
(iii) [Fitch: 
[●]] 
 
 
(iv) [[Other]: 
[●]] 
 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider] 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant credit 
rating agency entity] is established in the 
European Union and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended). 
[As such [insert the legal name of the relevant 
credit rating agency entity] is included in the list 
of credit ratings agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website (http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance 
with such Regulation.]] 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU 
credit rating agency entity] is not established in 
the European Union and is not registered in 
accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
(as amended). [[Insert the legal name of the 
relevant non-EU credit rating agency entity] is 
therefore not included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities

--- Page 774 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
774 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-
and-certified-CRAs in accordance with such 
Regulation.] 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU 
credit rating agency entity] is not established in 
the European Union and has not applied for 
registration 
under 
Regulation 
(EC) 
No. 
1060/2009 
(as 
amended) 
(the 
“CRA 
Regulation”). The ratings have been endorsed by 
[insert the legal name of the relevant EU-
registered credit rating agency entity] in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation. [Insert the 
legal name of the relevant EU-registered credit 
rating agency entity] is established in the 
European Union and registered under the CRA 
Regulation. [ As such [insert the legal name of the 
relevant EU credit rating agency entity] is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-
and-certified-CRAs in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation.]] The European Securities Markets 
Authority has indicated that ratings issued in 
[Japan/Australia/the USA/the UK/Canada/Hong 
Kong/Singapore/Argentina/Mexico/Brazil/South 
Africa (delete as appropriate)] which have been 
endorsed by [insert the legal name of the relevant 
CRA entity that applied for registration] may be 
used in the European Union by the relevant 
market participants.] 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU 
credit rating agency entity] is not established in 
the European Union and has not applied for 
registration 
under 
Regulation 
(EC) 
No. 
1060/2009 
(as 
amended) 
(the 
“CRA 
Regulation”) but it [is]/[has applied to be] 
certified 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
CRA 
Regulation[[EITHER:] and it is included in the 
list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs 
in 
accordance 
with the CRA Regulation] [[OR:] although 
notification of the corresponding certification 
decision has not yet been provided by the

--- Page 775 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
775 
European Securities and Markets Authority and 
[insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU 
credit rating agency entity] is not included in the 
list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs 
in 
accordance 
with the CRA Regulation]. 
 
 
[[[Insert legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency] is established in the European Union and 
has applied for registration under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended), although 
notification of the corresponding registration 
decision has not yet been provided by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority [and 
[insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency] is not included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-
and-certified-CRAs in accordance with such 
Regulation].] 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU 
credit rating agency entity] is not established in 
the European Union and has not applied for 
registration 
under 
Regulation 
(EC) 
No. 
1060/2009 
(as 
amended) 
(the 
“CRA 
Regulation”). However, the application for 
registration under the CRA Regulation of [insert 
the legal name of the relevant EU credit rating 
agency entity that applied for registration], which 
is established in the European Union, disclosed 
the intention to endorse credit ratings of [insert 
the legal name of the relevant non-EU credit 
rating agency entity][, although notification of 
the corresponding registration decision has not 
yet been provided by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority and [insert the legal name of 
the relevant EU credit rating agency entity] is not 
included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-
and-certified-CRAs in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation].] 
 
 
The European Securities Markets Authority has 
indicated 
that 
ratings 
issued 
in

--- Page 776 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
776 
[Japan/Australia/the USA/the UK/Canada/Hong 
Kong/Singapore/ Argentina/Mexico/Brazil/South 
Africa (delete as appropriate)] which have been 
endorsed by [insert the legal name of the relevant 
CRA entity that applied for registration] may be 
used in the European Union by the relevant 
market participants.]] 
 
 
[If reference is made to the ratings of Citigroup 
Inc. then insert the legal name of the relevant 
credit rating agency entity and the status of its 
application under the CRA Regulation] 
 
 
[Include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by 
the rating provider] 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating.) 
3 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER] 
 
[Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement: 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the distributor and save as discussed in “Subscription and Sale and 
Trasnfer and Selling Restrictions”]/[Save for any fees ([insert relevant fee disclosure] payable to [the 
Dealer[s]/[the Distributors]]/[●]/[Save as discussed in [“Subscription and Sale and Transfer and 
Selling Restrictions”]], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an 
interest material to the Offer [. The [Dealers]/[Distributors] and their affiliates have engaged, and may 
in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may 
perform other services for, the Issuer [and the CGMHI Guarantor] (Delete where the Issuer is CGMFL) 
[and the CGMFL Guarantor] (Delete where the Issuer is CGMHI) and [its]/[their] affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business - Amend as appropriate if there are other interests]]] 
 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation) 
4 
[REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
 
(i) 
 
[Reasons for the Offer: 
[●] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base 
Prospectus – if reasons for offer different from the 
disclosure in the Base Prospectus will need to 
include those reasons here and also complete 
paragraphs (ii) and (iii) below)] 
 
(ii)  
[Estimated net proceeds:] 
[●] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use 
will need to split out and present in order of 
priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund all

--- Page 777 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
777 
proposed uses state amount and sources of other 
funding)] 
 
(iii)  
[Estimated total expenses:] 
[●] 
(Expenses are required to be broken down into 
each principal intended “use” and presented in 
order of priority of such “uses”)] 
 
(It is only necessary to include disclosure of net proceeds and total expenses at paragraphs (ii) and 
(iii) above where reasons for the offer are different from making profit and/or hedging certain risks 
and such reasons are included at paragraph (i) above)] 
5 
[YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
 
[Indication of yield]: 
[specify rate or range of rates] 
 
 
[Calculated as [include specific details of method 
of calculation in summary form] on the Issue 
Date]* 
 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield.] 
6 
INFORMATION ABOUT [THE PAST AND FUTURE PERFORMANCE AND VOLATILITY OF 
THE OR EACH REFERENCE ITEM]/[AND]/[THE FLOATING RATE OF INTEREST] 
 
[Information about the past and future performance of the (or each) Reference Item is electronically 
available [free of charge]/[at a charge] from [the applicable Electronic Page(s) specified for such 
Reference Item in PART A above]/[●].] 
 
[Information relating to historic interest rates in the case of Floating Rate Notes is electronically 
available [free of charge]/[at a charge] from the relevant [Electronic Page]/[Page]/[●] 
 
(Include details about where information about the past and future performance of the (or each) 
Reference Item and its volatility can be obtained by electronic means, and whether or not it can be 
obtained free of charge.) 
7 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
 
EU Benchmarks Regulation: Article 29(2) 
statement on benchmarks: 
[Not Applicable] 
[[specify 
benchmark] 
is 
provided 
by 
[administrator 
legal 
name]] 
(Repeat 
as 
necessary) 
[As at the date hereof, [administrator legal 
name] [appears]/[does not appear] in the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by European Securities and 
Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation] (Repeat as 
necessary) 
8 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 778 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
778 
 
CUSIP: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
WKN: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Valoren: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
CFI: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
FISN: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(If the CFI and/or FISIN is not required, 
requested or available, it/they should be 
specified to be “Not Applicable”) 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
Bank S.A./N.V., Clearstream Banking S.A. and 
DTC and the relevant identification number(s) 
and details relating to the relevant depositary, if 
applicable: 
[Not Applicable]/[give name(s) and number(s)] 
[and references to the [Relevant Clearing 
System/[●] shall be deemed to be references to 
such clearing system] 
[The Notes will be accepted for settlement in 
Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited (“CREST”) via 
the CREST Depository Interest (CDI) 
mechanism.] 
 
 
[Euroclear Sweden AB]/[Euroclear Finland Oy] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [versus]/[free of] payment 
 
Names and address of the Swedish Notes Issuing 
and Paying Agent (if any): 
Citibank Europe plc (Sweden Branch), 
Stockholm, Sweden]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Names and address of the Finnish Notes Issuing 
and Paying Agent (if any): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[●]/[Not Applicable]  
 
Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper, that is, held under the New 
Safekeeping Structure,] [Include this text for 
Registered Notes which are to be held under the 
New Safekeeping Structure or NSS] and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intraday credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the European Central Bank being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met]/[Not Applicable] 
9 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated]/[Non-syndicated]

--- Page 779 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
779 
 
(ii) If syndicated, names [and addresses of the 
Lead Manager and the other Managers and 
underwriting commitments]*: 
[Not Applicable]/[give names, addresses and 
underwriting commitments] 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing 
to underwrite the issue on a firm commitment 
basis and names and addresses of the entities 
agreeing to place the issue without a firm 
commitment or on a “best efforts” basis if such 
entities are not the same as the Managers) 
 
(iii) [Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
(iv) If non-syndicated, name and address of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable]/[give name and address] 
 
(v) [Total commission and concession: 
[None]/[[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal 
Amount]/ 
[[●] per cent. per Note]/ 
[No commissions and concessions are payable by 
the Issuer to the Dealer. The [(specify type of fee 
or commission)] payable by the Dealer to any 
distributor is [●] [of the Aggregate Principal 
Amount]/[per Note]. Investors can obtain more 
information about the fee by contacting the Dealer 
at the address set out herein] 
 
(vi) Prohibition of Sales to Swiss Private Clients: 
Applicable 
 
(vii) Prohibition of Sales to EEA or UK Retail 
Investors: 
 
 
– 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable, other than with 
respect to offers of the Notes in [specify 
jurisdiction(s) for which a PRIIPs KID is being 
prepared] [during the period[s] [●]-[●] (repeat as 
necessary)]] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. 
If the Notes may constitute “packaged” products 
and no key information document will be 
prepared other than in the relevant specified 
jurisdiction(s) for the relevant specified period(s), 
“Applicable” should be specified and details 
provided accordingly) 
 
– 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable, other than with 
respect to offers of the Notes during the period[s] 
[●]-[●] (repeat as necessary)] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. 
If the Notes may constitute “packaged” products 
and no key information document will be 
prepared other than in the relevant specified

--- Page 780 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
780 
jurisdiction(s) for the relevant specified period(s), 
“Applicable” should be specified and details 
provided accordingly) 
 
(viii) Prohibition of sales to consumers in 
Belgium: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) Non-exempt offer in Italy: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
10 
UNITED STATES TAX CONSIDERATIONS  
 
[The Notes are Non-U.S. Notes]. 
The Issuer intends to treat the Notes as [debt]/[prepaid forward contracts with associated payments] 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
[The Issuer has determined that the Notes are not Specified ELIs for the purpose of Section 871(m).] 
11 
[EXAMPLES TO EXPLAIN HOW THE VALUE OF THE INVESTMENT IS AFFECTED BY 
THE VALUE OF THE REFERENCE ITEM(S) 
 
THE SCENARIO[S] AND FIGURES PRESENTED BELOW ARE FOR ILLUSTRATIVE 
PURPOSES ONLY. THE EXAMPLE[S] SHOWN BELOW MAY NOT HAVE AN EQUAL 
LIKELIHOOD OF OCCURRENCE. THE [INTEREST AMOUNT[S]] [AND] [EARLY 
REDEMPTION AMOUNT AND] REDEMPTION AMOUNT IN RESPECT OF EACH NOTE WILL 
BE CALCULATED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AS SET OUT 
IN THE “TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES” IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS AND THE 
FINAL TERMS IN PART A ABOVE. THE ISSUER[, GUARANTOR] AND DEALER MAKE NO 
REPRESENTATION THAT ANY OF THE SCENARIOS PROVIDED BELOW WILL OCCUR. 
 
[include examples of complex derivatives securities (if appropriate) to provide a clear and 
comprehensive explanation to help investors understand how the value of their investment is affected 
by the value of the Reference Item(s)] 
 
(Delete this paragraph if not applicable) 
12 
[CREDIT LINKED NOTES INFORMATION  
 
Certain information in relation to [the]/[each] Reference Entity and [[Non-] Standard Reference 
Obligation]/[Reference Assets] (if any) as at the Issue Date is set out below. 
 
Name: 
[●] 
 
Address: 
[●] 
 
Country of incorporation: 
[●] 
 
Industry or industries of operation: 
[●] (For example financials, energy, insurance, 
manufacturing, 
construction, 
transport, 
media 
determined on the basis of available information on the 
Reference Entity) 
 
Market[(s)] on which securities are 
admitted to trading: 
[●] 
 
[[Non-] Standard Reference 
Obligation]/[Reference Assets] securities 
code: 
[●] 
 
(The information above should be completed so far as the Issuer is aware and/or able to ascertain from 
information published by the relevant Reference Entity and repeated for each Reference Entity. Country

--- Page 781 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
781 
of incorporation, industry and address will be N/A for a Sovereign Reference Entity and securities code 
(e.g. ISIN/CUSIP) will be N/A if there is no Reference Obligation/Reference Asset or it has no securities 
code. Note permissible markets for a Reference Entity’s securities to be admitted to trading on are 
regulated markets, equivalent third country markets and SME Growth Markets. Include reference to 
Reference Assets above as appropriate for Local Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes or Single 
Name Basket Credit Linked Notes.) 
As at the Issue Date, information in relation to the past and future performance of [[the]/[each] 
Reference Entity] specified above is available [free of charge]/[at a charge] from [internationally 
recognised electronically displayed sources such as Bloomberg and any web-site of such Reference 
Entity]. 
(Repeat for each Reference Entity as applicable)] (Include for Credit Linked Notes only) 
 
Notes: 
* 
Delete if the minimum denomination is greater than or equal to EUR100,000 (or its equivalent) 
** 
Delete if the minimum denomination is less than EUR100,000 (or its equivalent)

--- Page 782 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
782 
[ANNEX 
SUMMARY OF THE NOTES 
(insert completed Summary for the Notes where the denomination of the Notes is less than EUR100,000)]

--- Page 783 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
783 
APPENDIX 1 – CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
[Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes]  
Reference Entity: 
Transaction Type: 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation: 
Reference 
Obligations: 
Seniority Level: 
[●] 
[●] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify Reference 
Obligations, where 
applicable 
including a short 
description thereof 
if the Reference 
Entity is not a 
sovereign] 
[Senior Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
[Senior Non-
Preferred Level] 
[●] 
[●] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify Reference 
Obligations, where 
applicable, 
including a short 
description thereof 
if the Reference 
Entity is not a 
sovereign] 
[Senior Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
[Senior Non-
Preferred Level] 
 
(Repeat rows as necessary) 
(Specify relevant information about the Reference Entities in paragraph 12 of Part B above) 
[Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes]/[Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes]  
Reference 
Entity and 
Transaction 
Type: 
Reference 
Entity 
Weighting: 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation: 
Reference 
Obligations: 
Reference 
Entity 
Notional 
Amount: 
Seniority 
Level: 
[●] 
[●] 
[Applicable]/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
including a 
short 
description 
thereof if the 
Reference 
Entity is not a 
sovereign, 
where 
applicable] 
[●] 
[Senior Level]/ 
[Subordinated 
Level] /[Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level]

--- Page 784 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
784 
Reference 
Entity and 
Transaction 
Type: 
Reference 
Entity 
Weighting: 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation: 
Reference 
Obligations: 
Reference 
Entity 
Notional 
Amount: 
Seniority 
Level: 
[●] 
[●] 
[Applicable]/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
including a 
short 
description 
thereof if the 
Reference 
Entity is not a 
sovereign, 
where 
applicable] 
[●] 
[Senior Level]/ 
[Subordinated 
Level] /[Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level] 
 
(Repeat rows as necessary) 
(Specify relevant information about the Reference Entities in paragraph 12 of Part B above) 
[Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes] – Settled Entity Matrix  
The table below reflects data from the Settled Entity Matrix as at Index Annex Date. 
Settled Entity:  
Weighted Average Final Price: 
Weighting: 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
 
(Repeat rows as necessary)

--- Page 785 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
785 
 
[Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes]  
Referenc
e Entity: 
Refere
nce 
Assets: 
Reference 
Assets 
Call/Maturity 
Date: 
Referenc
e Entity 
Weighti
ng: 
Reference 
Entity 
Notional 
Amount: 
Reference 
Assets 
Coupon 
Payment 
Date: 
Reference 
Assets 
Condition
s Date: 
Settlemen
t 
Currency 
Principal 
Amount: 
LCY 
Reference 
Amount: 
Transactio
n Type: 
Referen
ce 
Obligati
ons: 
Seniority 
Level: 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[Specify 
Referenc
e 
Obligati
ons, 
where 
applicabl
e 
including 
a short 
descripti
on 
thereof if 
the 
Referenc
e Entity 
is not a 
sovereig
n] 
[Senior 
Level] 
[Subordina
ted Level] 
[Senior 
Non-
Preferred 
Level] 
 
(Repeat rows as necessary)

--- Page 786 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
786 
Reference Assets 
Forward Rate: 
Reference Assets 
FX Forward 
Notional: 
Reference Assets 
FX Forward 
Termination Date: 
 
 
 
 
(Repeat rows as necessary)

--- Page 787 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
787 
APPENDIX 2 – PHYSICAL SETTLEMENT MATRIX

--- Page 788 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
788 
SCHEDULE [1]7 
STANDARD NORTH AMERICAN CORPORATE8 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD NORTH AMERICAN 
CORPORATE 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
Restructuring, if specified as applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms. 
 Mod R Applicable. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
None. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Contingent, if “2003 Reference Entity” is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Not Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable unless otherwise specified as Applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
 
7 
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
8 
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is “Standard North American Corporate”, otherwise delete this Schedule 1 in its entirety.

--- Page 789 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
789 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD NORTH AMERICAN 
CORPORATE 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Russian Federation 
(August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September [19], 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Hellenic Republic 
(May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred 
Reference Obligations (published on December 8, 
2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 790 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
790 
SCHEDULE [2]9 
[STANDARD EUROPEAN CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN FINANCIAL 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN COCO FINANCIAL CORPORATE]/[STANDARD 
EUROPEAN SENIOR NON PREFERRED FINANCIAL CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
LIMITED RECOURSE CORPORATE]10 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]/[STANDARD 
EUROPEAN COCO FINANCIAL 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
SENIOR NON PREFERRED FINANCIAL 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
LIMITED RECOURSE CORPORATE]11 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
Restructuring. 
 Mod Mod R Applicable. 
If the Transaction Type is a Financial Transaction 
Type: Governmental Intervention. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
None. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Contingent, if “2003 Reference Entity” is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
If the Transaction Type is a Financial Transaction 
Type, Applicable, otherwise Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
 
9 
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
10 Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is any of (i) “Standard European Corporate”, (ii) “Standard European Financial Corporate”, 
(iii) “Standard European CoCo Financial Corporate”, (iv) “Standard European Senior Non Preferred Financial Corporate” or (v) “Standard 
European Limited Recourse Corporate”, otherwise delete this Schedule 2 in its entirety. 
11 Drafting Note: Include as applicable.

--- Page 791 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
791 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]/[STANDARD 
EUROPEAN COCO FINANCIAL 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
SENIOR NON PREFERRED FINANCIAL 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
LIMITED RECOURSE CORPORATE]11 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of Ukraine: 
Excluded Obligations and Excluded Deliverable 
Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Russian Federation 
(August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September [19], 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Hellenic Republic 
(May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Applicable if the Transaction Type is “Standard 
European CoCo Financial Corporate” or “European 
CoCo Financial Corporate”, otherwise Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred 
Reference Obligations (published on December 8, 
2017): 
Applicable if the Transaction Type is “Standard 
European Senior Non Preferred Financial Corporate” 
or “European Senior Non Preferred Financial 
Corporate”, otherwise Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable.

--- Page 792 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
792 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]/[STANDARD 
EUROPEAN COCO FINANCIAL 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
SENIOR NON PREFERRED FINANCIAL 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
LIMITED RECOURSE CORPORATE]11 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Applicable if the Transaction Type is “Standard 
European Limited Recourse Corporate” or “European 
Limited Recourse Corporate”, otherwise Not 
Applicable.

--- Page 793 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
793 
SCHEDULE [3]12 
STANDARD SUBORDINATED EUROPEAN INSURANCE CORPORATE13 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD SUBORDINATED EUROPEAN 
INSURANCE CORPORATE 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
Restructuring. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
None. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Contingent, if “2003 Reference Entity” is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
 
12 Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
13 Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is “Standard Subordinated European Insurance Corporate”, otherwise delete this Schedule 3 in 
its entirety.

--- Page 794 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
794 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD SUBORDINATED EUROPEAN 
INSURANCE CORPORATE 
Additional Provisions for the Russian Federation 
(August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September [19], 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Hellenic Republic 
(May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred 
Reference Obligations (published on December 8, 
2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 795 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
795 
SCHEDULE [4]14 
STANDARD EMERGING EUROPEAN CORPORATE LPN15 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD EMERGING EUROPEAN 
CORPORATE LPN 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
 Grace Period Extension: Applicable. 
Obligation Acceleration. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
 Multiple Holder Obligation: 
(a) Not Applicable with respect to Obligation 
Category “Bonds”. 
(b) Applicable 
with 
respect 
to 
Obligation 
Category “Loans”. 
Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Domestic Currency. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Not Contingent, if “2003 Reference Entity” is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Transferable. 
Not Bearer. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Not Domestic Law. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
 
14 Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
15 Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is “Standard Emerging European Corporate LPN”, otherwise delete this Schedule 4 in its 
entirety.

--- Page 796 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
796 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD EMERGING EUROPEAN 
CORPORATE LPN 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Russian Federation 
(August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September [19], 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Hellenic Republic 
(May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred 
Reference Obligations (published on December 8, 
2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 797 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
797 
SCHEDULE [5]16 
STANDARD EMERGING EUROPEAN CORPORATE17 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD EMERGING EUROPEAN 
CORPORATE 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
 Grace Period Extension: Applicable. 
Obligation Acceleration. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
 Multiple Holder Obligation: 
(a) Not Applicable with respect to Obligation 
Category “Bonds”. 
(b) Applicable 
with 
respect 
to 
Obligation 
Category “Loans”. 
Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Domestic Currency. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Not Contingent, if “2003 Reference Entity” is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Transferable. 
Not Bearer. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Not Domestic Law. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
 
16 Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
17 Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is “Standard Emerging European Corporate”, otherwise delete this Schedule 5 in its entirety.

--- Page 798 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
798 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD EMERGING EUROPEAN 
CORPORATE 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Russian Federation 
(August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September [19], 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Hellenic Republic 
(May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred 
Reference Obligations (published on December 8, 
2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 799 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
799 
SCHEDULE [6]18 
STANDARD LATIN AMERICA CORPORATE B19 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD LATIN AMERICA CORPORATE B 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
 Grace Period Extension: Applicable. 
Obligation Acceleration. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
 Multiple Holder Obligation: Not Applicable. 
Obligation Category: 
Bond. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Domestic Currency. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Contingent, if “2003 Reference Entity” is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Transferable. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
 
18 Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
19 Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is “Standard Latin America Corporate B”, otherwise delete this Schedule 6 in its entirety.

--- Page 800 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
800 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD LATIN AMERICA CORPORATE B 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Russian Federation 
(August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September [19], 2017): 
Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Hellenic Republic 
(May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred 
Reference Obligations (published on December 8, 
2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 801 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
801 
SCHEDULE [7]20 
STANDARD LATIN AMERICA CORPORATE BL21 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD LATIN AMERICA CORPORATE 
BL 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
 Grace Period Extension: Applicable. 
Obligation Acceleration. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Not Sovereign Lender. 
Not Domestic Currency. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Sovereign Lender. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Contingent, if “2003 Reference Entity” is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
 
20 Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
21 Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is “Standard Latin America Corporate BL”, otherwise delete this Schedule 7 in its entirety.

--- Page 802 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
802 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD LATIN AMERICA CORPORATE 
BL 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Russian Federation 
(August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September [19], 2017): 
Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Hellenic Republic 
(May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred 
Reference Obligations (published on December 8, 
2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 803 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
803 
SCHEDULE [8]22 
[STANDARD AUSTRALIA CORPORATE]/[STANDARD AUSTRALIA FINANCIAL 
CORPORATE]23 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD AUSTRALIA 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD AUSTRALIA 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]24 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
Restructuring. 
 Mod R Applicable. 
If the Transaction Type is the Financial Transaction 
Type: Governmental Intervention. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
None. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency: Standard Specified Currencies & 
Domestic Currency. 
Not Contingent, if “2003 Reference Entity” is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
If the Transaction Type is the Financial Transaction 
Type, Applicable, otherwise Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
 
22 Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
23 Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is (i) “Standard Australia Corporate” or (ii) “Standard Australia Financial Corporate”, otherwise 
delete this Schedule 8 in its entirety. 
24 Drafting Note: Include as applicable.

--- Page 804 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
804 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD AUSTRALIA 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD AUSTRALIA 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]24 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Russian Federation 
(August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September [19], 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Hellenic Republic 
(May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred 
Reference Obligations (published on December 8, 
2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 805 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
805 
SCHEDULE [9]25 
[STANDARD NEW ZEALAND CORPORATE]/[STANDARD NEW ZEALAND FINANCIAL 
CORPORATE]26 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD NEW ZEALAND 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD NEW ZEALAND 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]27 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
Restructuring. 
 Mod R Applicable. 
If the Transaction Type is the Financial Transaction 
Type: Governmental Intervention. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
None. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency: Standard Specified Currencies & 
Domestic Currency. 
Not Contingent, if “2003 Reference Entity” is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
If the Transaction Type is the Financial Transaction 
Type, Applicable, otherwise Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
 
25 Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
26 Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is (i) “Standard New Zealand Corporate” or (ii) “Standard New Zealand Financial Corporate”, 
otherwise delete this Schedule 9 in its entirety. 
27 Drafting Note: Include as applicable.

--- Page 806 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
806 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD NEW ZEALAND 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD NEW ZEALAND 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]27 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of Ukraine: 
Excluded Obligations and Excluded Deliverable 
Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Russian Federations 
(August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September [19], 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Hellenic Republic 
(May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred 
Reference Obligations (published on December 8, 
2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 807 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
807 
SCHEDULE [10]28 
[STANDARD JAPAN CORPORATE]/[STANDARD JAPAN FINANCIAL CORPORATE]29 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD JAPAN 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD JAPAN 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]30 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
 Payment Requirement: If the Floating Rate Payer 
Calculation Amount is in JPY, JPY 100,000,000 or 
its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency 
as of the occurrence of the relevant Failure to Pay. 
In all other cases, USD 1,000,000 or its equivalent 
in the relevant Obligation Currency as of the 
occurrence of the relevant Failure to Pay. 
Restructuring. 
 Multiple Holder Obligation: Not Applicable 
 Default Requirement: If the Floating Rate Payer 
Calculation Amount is in JPY, JPY 1,000,000,000 
or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation 
Currency as of the occurrence of the relevant 
Credit Event. In all other cases, USD 10,000,000 or 
its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency 
as of the occurrence of the relevant Credit Event. 
If the Transaction Type is the Financial Transaction 
Type: Governmental Intervention. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Contingent, if “2003 Reference Entity” is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
 
28 Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
29 Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is (i) “Standard Japan Corporate” or (ii) “Standard Japan Financial Corporate”, otherwise delete 
this Schedule 10 in its entirety. 
30 Drafting Note: Include as applicable.

--- Page 808 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
808 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD JAPAN 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD JAPAN 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]30 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
If the Transaction Type is the Financial Transaction 
Type, Applicable, otherwise Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Russian Federation 
(August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September [19], 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Hellenic Republic 
(May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred 
Reference Obligations (published on December 8, 
2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 809 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
809 
SCHEDULE [11]31 
[STANDARD SINGAPORE CORPORATE]/[STANDARD SINGAPORE FINANCIAL 
CORPORATE]32 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD SINGAPORE 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD SINGAPORE 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]33 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
Restructuring. 
If the Transaction Type is the Financial Transaction 
Type: Governmental Intervention. 
Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency: Standard Specified Currencies & 
Domestic Currency. 
Not Sovereign Lender. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency: Standard Specified Currencies & 
Domestic Currency. 
Not Sovereign Lender. 
Not Contingent, if “2003 Reference Entity” is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
If the Transaction Type is the Financial Transaction 
Type, Applicable, otherwise Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
 
31 Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
32 Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is (i) “Standard Singapore Corporate” or (ii) “Standard Singapore Financial Corporate”, 
otherwise delete this Schedule 11 in its entirety. 
33 Drafting Note: Include as applicable.

--- Page 810 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
810 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD SINGAPORE 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD SINGAPORE 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]33 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Russian Federation 
(August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September [19], 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Hellenic Republic 
(May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred 
Reference Obligations (published on December 8, 
2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable

--- Page 811 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
811 
SCHEDULE [12]34 
[STANDARD ASIA CORPORATE]/[STANDARD ASIA FINANCIAL CORPORATE]35 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD ASIA CORPORATE]/[STANDARD 
ASIA FINANCIAL CORPORATE]36 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
Restructuring. 
If the Transaction Type is the Financial Transaction 
Type: Governmental Intervention. 
Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Not Sovereign Lender. 
Not Domestic Currency. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Sovereign Lender. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Contingent, if “2003 Reference Entity” is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Assignable Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
If the Transaction Type is the Financial Transaction 
Type, Applicable, otherwise Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
 
34 Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
35 Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is (i) “Standard Asia Corporate” or (ii) “Standard Asia Financial Corporate”, otherwise delete 
this Schedule 12 in its entirety. 
36 Drafting Note: Include as applicable.

--- Page 812 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
812 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD ASIA CORPORATE]/[STANDARD 
ASIA FINANCIAL CORPORATE]36 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Russian Federation 
(August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September [19], 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Hellenic Republic 
(May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred 
Reference Obligations (published on December 8, 
2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 813 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
813 
SCHEDULE [13]37 
STANDARD WESTERN EUROPEAN SOVEREIGN38 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD WESTERN EUROPEAN 
SOVEREIGN 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
None. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Specified Currency. 
Not Contingent, if “2003 Reference Entity” is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of Ukraine: 
Excluded Obligations and Excluded Deliverable 
Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Russian Federation 
(August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
 
37 Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
38 Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is “Standard Western European Sovereign”, otherwise delete this Schedule 13 in its entirety.

--- Page 814 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
814 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD WESTERN EUROPEAN 
SOVEREIGN 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September [19], 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Hellenic Republic 
(May 29, 2012): 
Applicable if the Reference Entity is the Hellenic 
Republic, otherwise Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred 
Reference Obligations (published on December 8, 
2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Not Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Not Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 815 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
815 
SCHEDULE [14]39 
STANDARD LATIN AMERICA SOVEREIGN40 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD LATIN AMERICA SOVEREIGN 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay. 
 Grace Period Extension: Applicable. 
Obligation Acceleration. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring 
 Multiple Holder Obligation: Not Applicable. 
Obligation Category: 
Bond. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Not Domestic Currency. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Contingent, if “2003 Reference Entity” is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Transferable. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable if the Reference Entity is the Republic 
of Argentina or the Republic of Ecuador, otherwise 
Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Applicable if the Reference Entity is the Republic of 
Ecuador, otherwise Not Applicable. 
 
39 Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
40 Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is “Standard Latin America Sovereign”, otherwise delete this Schedule 14 in its entirety.

--- Page 816 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
816 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD LATIN AMERICA SOVEREIGN 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Applicable if the Reference Entity is the Argentine 
Republic, otherwise Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Russian Federation 
(August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September [19], 2017): 
Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Hellenic Republic 
(May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred 
Reference Obligations (published on December 8, 
2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Not Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Not Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 817 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
817 
SCHEDULE [15]41 
STANDARD EMERGING EUROPEAN & MIDDLE EASTERN SOVEREIGN42 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD EMERGING EUROPEAN & 
MIDDLE EASTERN SOVEREIGN 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay. 
 Grace Period Extension: Applicable. 
Obligation Acceleration. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
 Multiple Holder Obligation: Not Applicable. 
Obligation Category: 
Bond. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Not Domestic Currency. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Contingent, if “2003 Reference Entity” is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Transferable. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable if the Reference Entity is the Republic 
of Ukraine, otherwise Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Applicable if the Reference Entity is the Republic of 
Ukraine, otherwise Not Applicable. 
 
41 Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
42 Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is “Standard Emerging European & Middle Eastern Sovereign”, otherwise delete this Schedule 
15 in its entirety.

--- Page 818 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
818 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD EMERGING EUROPEAN & 
MIDDLE EASTERN SOVEREIGN 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Applicable if the Reference Entity is the Republic of 
Hungary, otherwise Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Russian Federation 
(August 13, 2004): 
Applicable if the Reference Entity is the Russian 
Federation, otherwise Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September [19], 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Hellenic Republic 
(May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred 
Reference Obligations (published on December 8, 
2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Not Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Not Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 819 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
819 
SCHEDULE [16]43 
STANDARD AUSTRALIA SOVEREIGN44 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD AUSTRALIA SOVEREIGN 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
 Mod R Applicable. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
None. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency: Standard Specified Currencies & 
Domestic Currency. 
Not Contingent, if “2003 Reference Entity” is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
 
43 Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
44 Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is “Standard Australia Sovereign”, otherwise delete this Schedule 16 in its entirety.

--- Page 820 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
820 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD AUSTRALIA SOVEREIGN 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Russian Federation 
(August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September [19], 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Hellenic Republic 
(May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred 
Reference Obligations (published on December 8, 
2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Not Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Not Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 821 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
821 
SCHEDULE [17]45 
STANDARD NEW ZEALAND SOVEREIGN46 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD NEW ZEALAND SOVEREIGN 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
 Mod R Applicable. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
None. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency: Standard Specified Currencies & 
Domestic Currency. 
Not Contingent, if “2003 Reference Entity” is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
 
45 Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
46 Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is “Standard New Zealand Sovereign”, otherwise delete this Schedule 17 in its entirety.

--- Page 822 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
822 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD NEW ZEALAND SOVEREIGN 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Russian Federation 
(August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September [19], 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Hellenic Republic 
(May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred 
Reference Obligations (published on December 8, 
2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Not Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Not Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 823 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
823 
SCHEDULE [18]47 
STANDARD JAPAN SOVEREIGN48 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD JAPAN SOVEREIGN 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay. 
 Payment Requirement: If the Floating Rate Payer 
Calculation Amount is in JPY, JPY 100,000,000 or 
its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency 
as of the occurrence of the relevant Failure to Pay. 
In all other cases, USD 1,000,000 or its equivalent 
in the relevant Obligation Currency as of the 
occurrence of the relevant Failure to Pay. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
 Multiple Holder Obligation: Not Applicable. 
 Default Requirement: If the Floating Rate Payer 
Calculation Amount is in JPY, JPY 1,000,000,000 
or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation 
Currency as of the occurrence of the relevant 
Credit Event. In all other cases, USD 10,000,000 or 
its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency 
as of the occurrence of the relevant Credit Event. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
None. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Specified Currency. 
Not Contingent, if “2003 Reference Entity” is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
 
47 Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
48 Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is “Standard Japan Sovereign”, otherwise delete this Schedule 18 in its entirety.

--- Page 824 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
824 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD JAPAN SOVEREIGN 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Russian Federation 
(August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September [19], 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Hellenic Republic 
(May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred 
Reference Obligations (published on December 8, 
2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Not Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Not Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 825 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
825 
SCHEDULE [19]49 
STANDARD SINGAPORE SOVEREIGN50 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD SINGAPORE SOVEREIGN 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency: Standard Specified Currencies & 
Domestic Currency. 
Not Sovereign Lender. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Specified Currencies & Domestic Currency. 
Not Sovereign Lender. 
Not Contingent, if “2003 Reference Entity” is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
 
49 Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
50 Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is “Standard Singapore Sovereign”, otherwise delete this Schedule 19 in its entirety.

--- Page 826 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
826 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD SINGAPORE SOVEREIGN 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Russian Federation 
(August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September [19], 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Hellenic Republic 
(May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred 
Reference Obligations (published on December 8, 
2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Not Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Not Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 827 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
827 
SCHEDULE [20]51 
STANDARD ASIA SOVEREIGN52 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD ASIA SOVEREIGN 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Not Sovereign Lender. 
Not Domestic Currency. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Sovereign Lender. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Contingent, if “2003 Reference Entity” is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Assignable Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
 
51 Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
52 Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is “Standard Asia Sovereign”, otherwise delete this Schedule 20 in its entirety.

--- Page 828 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
828 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD ASIA SOVEREIGN 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Russian Federation 
(August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September [19], 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Hellenic Republic 
(May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred 
Reference Obligations (published on December 8, 
2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Not Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Not Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 829 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
829 
SCHEDULE [21]53 
STANDARD U.S. MUNICIPAL FULL FAITH AND CREDIT54 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD U.S. MUNICIPAL FULL FAITH AND 
CREDIT 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay. 
Restructuring 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Full Faith and Credit Obligation Liability. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency – Standard Specified Currencies. 
Not Contingent. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
Full Faith and Credit Obligation Liability. 
All Guarantees: 
Not Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
 
53 Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
54 Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is “Standard U.S. Municipal Full Faith and Credit”, otherwise delete this Schedule 21 in its 
entirety.

--- Page 830 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
830 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD U.S. MUNICIPAL FULL FAITH AND 
CREDIT 
Additional Provisions for the Russian Federation 
(August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September [19], 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Hellenic Republic 
(May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred 
Reference Obligations (published on December 8, 
2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Not Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Not Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2012 ISDA U.S. Municipal Reference Entity 
Supplement to the 2003 Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (March 5, 2012): 
Applicable.

--- Page 831 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
831 
SCHEDULE [22]55 
STANDARD U.S. MUNICIPAL GENERAL FUND56 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD U.S. MUNICIPAL GENERAL FUND 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay. 
Restructuring. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
General Fund Obligation Liability. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency – Standard Specified Currencies. 
Not Contingent. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
General Fund Obligation Liability. 
All Guarantees: 
Not Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
 
55 Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
56 Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is “Standard U.S. Municipal General Fund”, otherwise delete this Schedule 22 in its entirety.

--- Page 832 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
832 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD U.S. MUNICIPAL GENERAL FUND 
Additional Provisions for the Russian Federation 
(August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September [19], 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Hellenic Republic 
(May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred 
Reference Obligations (published on December 8, 
2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2012 ISDA U.S. Municipal Reference Entity 
Supplement to the 2003 Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (March 5, 2012): 
Applicable.

--- Page 833 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
833 
SCHEDULE [23]57 
STANDARD U.S. MUNICIPAL REVENUE58 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD U.S. MUNICIPAL REVENUE 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay. 
Restructuring. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
None. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency – Standard Specified Currencies. 
Not Contingent. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
Revenue Obligation Liability. 
All Guarantees: 
Not Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Russian Federation 
(August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
 
57 Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
58 Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is “Standard U.S. Municipal Revenue”, otherwise delete this Schedule 23 in its entirety.

--- Page 834 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
834 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD U.S. MUNICIPAL REVENUE 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September [19], 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Hellenic Republic 
(May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred 
Reference Obligations (published on December 8, 
2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Not Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Not Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2012 ISDA U.S. Municipal Reference Entity 
Supplement to the 2003 Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (March 5, 2012): 
Applicable.

--- Page 835 ---
PRO FORMA FINAL TERMS 
835 
APPENDIX 3 – INSTALMENT NOTES 
Instalment Date 
Instalment Amount 
[●] 
[●] 
 
 
(Repeat rows as necessary)

--- Page 836 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
836 
SECTION G.6 – PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – [Other than with respect to offers of the 
Notes in [specify jurisdiction(s)] for which a PRIIPs KID is being prepared] [during the period[s] [●]-[●] (repeat 
periods as necessary),] [T]/[t]he Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area 
(“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”). 
Consequently[, save as provided above,] no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] (Legend 
to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products or 
the Issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling 
restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”). 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – [Other than with respect to offers of the Notes 
during the period[s] [●]-[●] (repeat periods as necessary),] [T]/[t]he Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
“retained EU law”, as defined in the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act (as amended, “FSMA”) and 
any rules or regulations made under FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA (the “UK Prospectus 
Regulation”). Consequently[, save as provided above,] no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. (Legend to be included on front of the 
Pricing Supplement if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products or the Issuer wishes to prohibit 
offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be 
“Applicable”).]  
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO SWISS PRIVATE CLIENTS – The Notes are not intended to be, and may 
not be offered or recommended to private clients within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act 
(“FinSA”). For these purposes, a private client means a person who is not a professional client under Articles 
4 and 5 FinSA. Consequently, no prospectus or key information document according to FinSA or any equivalent 
document under FinSA has been or will be prepared in relation to the Notes. The Notes do not constitute a 
participation in a collective investment scheme in the meaning of the Swiss Collective Investment Schemes Act 
(“CISA”) and are not subject to supervision by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (“FINMA”), 
and investors in Notes will not benefit from protection under CISA or supervision by FINMA. Notes issued 
under the Programme are neither issued nor guaranteed by a Swiss financial intermediary. Investors are exposed 
to the credit risk of the Issuer.

--- Page 837 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
837 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the “SFA”) - 
The Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), 
the classification of the Notes as prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in 
MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products)]. (To insert notice if classification of the Notes is not “capital 
markets products other than prescribed capital markets products”, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA or 
Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). Relevant Dealer(s) 
to consider whether it / they have received the necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the 
launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA. A notification of the product classification is required 
as long as an offer of securities is contemplated in Singapore and the offer is not, or not intended to be, restricted 
to persons specified in Regulation 2 of the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 
of Singapore (i.e. an “accredited investor”, “expert investor”, “institutional investor” or “any other person 
that is not an individual”).)  
[The Base Prospectus expires on [●] December 2023 and the Issuer and the Guarantor intend that the Base 
Prospectus will be updated immediately thereafter. The updated base prospectus will be available on the website 
of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/).] (Include in respect of a Tranche of Notes for which the offer 
spans an update of the Base Prospectus.) 
Pricing Supplement dated [●] 
[Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc.]/[Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg 
S.C.A.](Delete as applicable) 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
[82VOJDD5PTRDMVVMGV31]/[549300EVRWDWFJUNNP53] 
Issue of [Specify Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche/(specify aggregate number of Notes)] [Title of 
Notes]  
[Guaranteed by Citigroup Inc.] (Delete where the Issuer is CGMFL.) [Guaranteed by Citigroup Global 
Markets Limited] (Delete where the Issuer is CGMHI.)  
Under the Citi U.S.$10,000,000,000 Citigroup Global and Regional Issuance Programme 
[The Notes do not constitute a participation in a collective investment scheme in the meaning of the 
Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes and are not licensed by the Swiss Financial Market 
Supervisory Authority (FINMA) thereunder. Accordingly, neither the Notes nor holders of the Notes 
benefit from protection under the Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes or supervision by the 
Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA) and investors are exposed to the credit risk of 
the Issuer [and the CGMHI Guarantor] (Delete where the Issuer is CGMFL.) [and the CGMFL 
Guarantor] (Delete where the Issuer is CGMHI.).](Include this legend where the Notes are offered in 
Switzerland.) 
No prospectus is required in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation or the UK Prospectus Regulation (each 
as defined below) in relation to Notes which are the subject of this Pricing Supplement.  
The Pricing Supplement has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes in any Member State of the EEA 
(each, a “Relevant Member State”) or in the UK in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation or the UK 
Prospectus Regulation will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation or the UK 
Prospectus Regulation, as applicable, from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of the Notes.

--- Page 838 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
838 
Accordingly any person making or intending to make an offer in that Relevant Member State or the UK of the 
Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or section 85 of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act (as amended, “FSMA”) or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation or Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. None of the 
Issuer[, the CGMHI Guarantor] (Delete where the Issuer is CGMFL.) [, the CGMFL Guarantor](Delete where 
the Issuer is CGMHI.) and any Dealer has authorised, nor do any of them authorise, the making of any offer of 
Notes in any other circumstances. For the purposes hereof, the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended) and “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
“EUWA”).The Notes [and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee] (Delete where the Issuer is CGMFL.) [and the 
CGMFL Deed of Guarantee] (Delete where the Issuer is CGMHI.) have not been and will not be registered 
under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) or any state securities law. 
[The Notes [and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee] (Delete where the Issuer is CGMFL.) [and the CGMFL Deed 
of Guarantee] (Delete where the Issuer is CGMHI.) are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-
U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”) and may not be offered or 
sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. person. As used herein, the term 
“U.S. person” refers to any person who is (i) a “U.S. person” within the meaning of Regulation S or (ii) a 
“United States person” within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, 
as amended (the “Code”). Each purchaser of the Notes or any beneficial interest therein will be deemed to have 
represented and agreed that it is outside the United States and is not a U.S. person and will not sell, pledge or 
otherwise transfer the Notes or any beneficial interest therein at any time within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, a U.S. person, other than the Issuer or any affiliate thereof.] (Include for Notes offered 
on reliance on Regulation S.) [The Notes and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee are being offered and sold solely 
to “qualified institutional buyers” (“QIBs”) in reliance on the exemption from registration under the Securities 
Act provided by Rule 144A thereunder (“Rule 144A”). Each purchaser of the Notes or any beneficial interest 
therein will be deemed to have represented and agreed that it and each account for which it is purchasing (or 
holding) Notes is a QIB and that it will not sell, pledge or otherwise transfer the Notes or any beneficial interest 
therein at any time to any person other than (a) the Issuer or any affiliate thereof or (b) a person it reasonably 
believes to be a QIB purchasing the Notes for its own account or for the account of one or more QIBs in a 
transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any 
State of the United States and any other jurisdiction.] (Include for Notes offered in reliance on Rule 144A.) The 
Notes [and the CGMHI Deed of Guarantee] (Delete where the Issuer is CGMFL.) [and the CGMFL Deed of 
Guarantee] (Delete where the Issuer is CGMHI.) do not constitute, and have not been marketed as, contracts of 
sale of a commodity for future delivery (or options thereon) subject to the United States Commodity Exchange 
Act, as amended, and trading in the Notes has not been approved by the United States Commodity Futures 
Trading Commission under the United States Commodity Exchange Act, as amended. For a description of 
certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes, see “General Information relating to the issue of Notes under 
this Base Prospectus” and “Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling Restrictions” in the Base 
Prospectus. 
The Notes may not be offered or sold to, or acquired by, any person that is, or whose purchase and holding of 
the Notes is made on behalf of or with “plan assets” of, an employee benefit plan subject to Title I of the U.S. 
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”), a plan, individual retirement 
account or other arrangement subject to Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended 
(the “Code”), or an employee benefit plan or other plan or arrangement subject to any laws, rules or regulations 
substantially similar to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code.

--- Page 839 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
839 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
The Notes are also [Swedish Notes [(and therefore the Issuer shall have the right to obtain extracts from the 
register of creditors (Sw. skuldbok) from Euroclear Sweden)]] [and] [Finnish Notes [(and therefore the Issuer 
shall, subject to regulations of Euroclear Finland and applicable laws, be entitled to acquire from Euroclear 
Finland a list of the holders of Finnish Notes, PROVIDED THAT it is technically possible for Euroclear Finland 
to maintain such a list)] (Delete as applicable). 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth under the 
section[s] entitled “General Conditions of the Notes” [and [“Credit Linked Conditions (2014 Reference 
Entity)”][“Credit Linked Conditions (2003 Reference Entity)”][“Index Skew Conditions”] (Delete as 
applicable)] in the Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the Notes described herein and must be read in conjunction 
with the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer[, the CGMHI Guarantor] (Delete 
where the Issuer is CGMFL.) [, the CGMFL Guarantor] (Delete where the Issuer is CGMHI.) and the offer of 
the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus 
[as so supplemented].  
The Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s]] [is] [are] available for viewing at the offices of the Paying Agents 
and on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/). [In addition, this Pricing Supplement is 
available on [●]]. [Use this paragraph if the Base Prospectus has not been supplemented: For the purposes 
hereof, “Base Prospectus” means the [CGMHI/CGMFL] Citigroup Global and Regional Issuance Programme 
Base Prospectus in relation to the Programme dated 16 December 2022.] 
[Use this paragraph if the Base Prospectus has been supplemented: For the purposes hereof, “Base Prospectus” 
means the [CGMHI/CGMFL] Citigroup Global and Regional Issuance Programme Base Prospectus relating to 
the Programme dated 16 December 2022, as supplemented by a Supplement (No.[●]) dated [●] ([the] 
“Supplement [No.[●]]”) [and a Supplement (No.[●]) dated [●] (Supplement No.[●] and, together with 
Supplement No.[●], the “Supplements”)].] 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under the Base Prospectus dated 10 December 2021: 
“Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) 
set forth under the section[s] entitled “General Conditions of the Notes” [and [“Credit Linked Conditions 
”][“Index Skew Conditions”] (Delete as applicable)], in the Base Prospectus [as supplemented by the 
Supplement[s]].”; 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the Notes described herein and must be read in conjunction 
with the Current Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s] to the Current Base Prospectus], save in respect of 
the Conditions which are extracted from the Base Prospectus [as supplemented by the Supplement[s] to the 
Base Prospectus] and are incorporated by reference into the Current Base Prospectus. Full information on the 
Issuer[, the CGMHI Guarantor] (Delete where the Issuer is CGMFL.) [, the CGMFL Guarantor] (Delete where 
the Issuer is CGMHI.) and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing 
Supplement and the Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] and the Current Base 
Prospectus [and the Supplement[s] to the Current Base Prospectus].  
The Base Prospectus [and the Supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] and the Current Base Prospectus [and the 
Supplement[s] to the Current Base Prospectus] are available for viewing at the offices of the Paying Agents and

--- Page 840 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
840 
on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com/). [In addition, this Pricing Supplement is 
available on [●]]. 
[Use this paragraph if the Conditions have been amended by way of a Supplement to the Base Prospectus: For 
the purposes hereof, “Base Prospectus” means the [CGMHI/CGMFL] Citigroup Global and Regional Issuance 
Programme Base Prospectus relating to the Programme dated 16 December 2022, as supplemented by a 
Supplement (No.[●]) dated [●] ([the] “Supplement [to the Base Prospectus”] [No.[●]]) [and a Supplement 
(No.[●]) dated [●] (“Supplement No. [●]”and, together with Supplement No.[●], the “Supplements to the 
Base Prospectus”)].] 
[Use this paragraph if the Current Base Prospectus has not been supplemented: For the purposes hereof, 
“Current Base Prospectus” means the [CGMHI/CGMFL] Citigroup Global and Regional Issuance 
Programme Base Prospectus relating to the Programme dated 16 December 2022.] 
[Use this paragraph if the Current Base Prospectus has been supplemented: For the purposes hereof, “Current 
Base Prospectus” means the [CGMHI/CGMFL] Citigroup Global and Regional Issuance Programme Base 
Prospectus relating to the Programme dated 16 December 2022, as supplemented by a Supplement (No.[●]) 
dated [●] ([the] “Supplement [to the Current Base Prospectus]” [No.[●]]) [and a Supplement (No.[●]) dated 
[●] (“Supplement No.[●]” and, together with Supplement No.[●], the “Supplements to the Current Base 
Prospectus”)].] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub paragraphs. 
Italics denote guidance for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
[When completing any pricing supplement consideration should be given as to whether the relevant terms or 
information constitute “significant new factors” relating to information included in the Base Prospectus which 
is capable of affecting the assessment of the Exempt Notes to be listed on the Euro MTF and consequently 
trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 206 of Part 2, Chapter II of the rules 
and regulations of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.] 
1
(i) 
Issuer: 
[Citigroup 
Global 
Markets 
Holdings 
Inc.]/[Citigroup 
Global 
Markets 
Funding 
Luxembourg S.C.A.]  
 
(ii) Guarantor: 
[Citigroup 
Inc.]/[Citigroup 
Global 
Markets 
Limited] 
 
 
(N.B. only Notes issued by Citigroup Global 
Markets Holdings Inc. are guaranteed by 
Citigroup Inc. Only Notes issued by Citigroup 
Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. are 
guaranteed by Citigroup Global Markets Limited) 
2
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
 
(If fungible with an existing Series, details of that 
Series, including the date on which the Notes 
become fungible) 
 
(iii) Date 
on which the 
Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single Series: 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 841 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
841 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [●]/[the 
Issue Date]]  
3
Settlement Currency or currencies:  
[●] 
4
[Aggregate Principal Amount]/[Number of 
Notes]: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●]  
 
(ii) Tranche: 
[●] 
5
Issue Price: 
[[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date](insert for 
fungible issues, if applicable)]/[[●] per Note] 
6
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[€100,000]/[●] 
 
 
(In the case of Registered Notes, this means the 
minimum integral amount in which transfers can 
be made) 
 
 
(In respect of Swedish Notes and Finnish Notes 
which are Notes, there shall be one denomination 
only.) 
(Minimum Specified Denomination of €100,000 to 
apply where Notes are being offered to investors 
in the EEA in reliance on the public offer 
exemption under Article 4(c) of the Prospectus 
Regulation (without requiring a summary to be 
produced))  
 
(ii) Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
 
 
(The applicable Calculation Amount will be (i) if 
there is only one Specified Denomination, the 
Specified Denomination of the relevant Notes or 
(ii) if there are several Specified Denominations 
or there is a Specified Denomination and integral 
multiples above that, the lowest integral multiple 
of those Specified Denominations.) 
7
(i) 
Trade Date: 
[[●]] 
 
(ii) Issue Date: 
[[●]] 
 
(iii) Interest Commencement Date: 
[●]/[Issue Date]/[Not Applicable]  
8
Scheduled Maturity Date: 
[[●]/[, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the [Modified]/[Preceding]/[Following] Business 
Day Convention]/[Interest Payment Date falling 
on or nearest to [●]]/[●]] [and extension in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition 14 
(Scheduled Maturity Date Extension)] (Only 
applicable if Note is a Credit-Linked Note and 
“2014 Reference Entity” applies) / [and extension 
in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 6

--- Page 842 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
842 
(Scheduled Maturity Date Extension)] (Only 
applicable if Note is a Credit-Linked Note and 
“2003 Reference Entity” applies)  
9
Type of Interest: 
[[Fixed 
Rate 
Notes]/[Floating 
Rate 
Notes]/[Inflation Linked Notes]/[CMS Rate 
Notes]/[Spread 
Notes]/[Range 
Accrual 
Notes]/[Zero 
Coupon 
Notes]] 
(Repeat 
as 
necessary) 
10
Type of Redemption: 
[Redemption 
at 
Maturity]/[Redemption 
by 
Instalments] 
11
Reference Item: 
[[●] (Specify Rate or Inflation Index)]/[Not 
Applicable]  
12
Call Options: 
[Issuer Call as specified in item 24(f) below]/[Not 
Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST AMOUNTS 
13
(i) 
Interest: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable – the Notes do not 
bear or pay interest] (For Local Access Single 
Name Credit Linked Notes and Local Access 
Basket Credit Linked Notes, delete this whole 
section) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
— 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Interest Rate(s) and/or Interest 
Amount(s): 
[Calculation Agent]/[●] 
 
(ii) Specified Note Valuation Date:  
[●] 
14
Fixed Rate Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[●] [in each [year]/[month] from, and including, 
[●] to and including, [●]] (each a “Scheduled 
Interest Payment Date”) [adjusted in accordance 
with [specify Business Day Convention]/[not 
adjusted] [(See General Condition 7(g) (Business 
Day Convention))]] [As set out in paragraph 
14(ii)] 
[As set out in the “Interest Table”] 
(if more than one fixed interest amount, specify 
Interest Payment Dates to which each fixed rate 
applies by inserting an “Interest Table” below)

--- Page 843 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
843 
 
(ii) Interest Period End Date(s): 
[Each] [Scheduled Interest Payment Date(s)]/[●]] 
[in each [year]/[month] from, and including, [●] 
to and including, [●]], not adjusted 
[As set out in the “Interest Table”] (Specify each 
Interest Period End Date by inserting an “Interest 
Table” (as applicable) below) 
 
(iii) Accrual: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) [Interest Amount[s]: 
 
 
(a) Interest Rate[s]: 
Fixed Interest Rate 
 
– 
Specified Fixed Rate[s]: 
[[●] per cent. per annum]/[[As set out in the 
“Interest Table”] (specify each Specified Fixed 
Rate if more than one by inserting an “Interest 
Table” below)]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Margin(s): 
[Not 
Applicable/[+/-]/[●] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum]/[[As set out in the “Interest Table”] 
(specify each Margin if more than one by inserting 
an “Interest Table” below)] 
 
– 
Interest Participation Rate: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]/[[As set out in the “Interest 
Table”] (specify each Interest Participation Rate 
if more than one by inserting an “Interest Table” 
below)] 
 
(b) Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360]  
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
– 
Determination Dates: [●] in each year (insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring 
issue date or scheduled maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon.) 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360]  
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis]/[30E/360 (ISDA)]  
[1/1] (If Accrual is “Not Applicable”, delete these 
sub-paragraphs) 
 
(c) Range Accrual Notes: 
[Applicable: see paragraph 17]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
[Accrual Interest Rate: 
[●] (If not applicable, delete)]] (If Accrual is “Not 
Applicable”, delete these sub-paragraphs) 
 
(v) [Interest Amount[s]: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in]/[on] [●]]/[As 
set out in the “Interest Table”] (specify each 
Interest Amount if more than one by inserting an 
“Interest 
Table” 
below)] 
(If 
Accrual 
is 
“Applicable”, delete this sub-paragraph)

--- Page 844 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
844 
(Insert the table below if “Accrual” applies and more than one Specified Fixed Rate, Margin and/or Interest 
Participation Rate applies) 
[“Interest Table”] 
[Interest Period End 
Date(s)]/ 
[Interest Payment 
Date(s)] 
[Specified Fixed Rate(s)] 
[Margin]  
(Delete if Margin is 
not applicable for all 
Interest Periods) 
[Interest Participation 
Rate]  
(Delete if Interest 
Participation Rate is not 
applicable for all Interest 
Periods) 
[Minimum]/[Maximum 
Interest Amount]  
(Insert for Range 
Accrual Notes where 
Minimum/Maximum 
Interest Amount is 
specified for any Interest 
Period/Interest Payment 
Date) 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s)]/[●] in each year 
[adjusted in accordance 
with [specify Business 
Day 
Convention]/[not 
adjusted]] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(repeat as required) 
[Not Applicable]/[+/-
]/[●] per cent. per 
annum] 
(repeat 
as 
required) 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
 
(Insert the table below if “Accrual” does not apply and more than one Interest Amount is payable) 
[“Interest Table”] 
[Interest Payment Date(s)] 
[Interest Amount] 
[●] [in each year] [adjusted in accordance with (Specify 
Business Day Convention)]/[not adjusted] [(See General 
Condition 7(g) (Business Day Convention))] 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
 
15
Floating Rate Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[●] [in each [year]/[month] from, and including, 
[●] to and including, [●]] [adjusted in accordance 
with [specify Business Day Convention]/[not 
adjusted] [(See General Condition 7(g) (Business 
Day Convention))]] [As set out in paragraph 15(ii)] 
 
(ii) Interest Period End Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)]/[●]] [in each 
[year]/[month] from, and including, [●] to and 
including, [●]] [adjusted in accordance with

--- Page 845 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
845 
[specify Business Day Convention]/[not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 7(g) (Business Day 
Convention))] 
[As set out in the [Reference Rate]/[Floating Rate] 
Table] (Specify each Interest Period End Date by 
inserting a Reference Rate Table or Floating Rate 
Table (as applicable) below) 
 
(iii) Method of Floating Rate Determination: 
[[General 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination]/[USD 
LIBOR Screen Rate Determination]/[SONIA 
Screen Rate Determination]/[SOFR Screen Rate 
Determination]/[€STR 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination]/[SARON 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination]/[ISDA Determination] applies] 
 
(iv) Range Accrual Notes: 
[Applicable: see paragraph 17]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) General Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) Reference Rate: 
[insert currency] 
[EURIBOR]/[LIBOR]/[STIBOR]/[NIBOR]/[CIB
OR]/[ROBOR]/[TIBOR]/[HIBOR]/[BBSW 
(being the Sydney average mid rate for AUD bills 
of exchange)]/[BKBM (being the Wellington rate 
for New Zealand Dollar bills of exchange)] 
[As set out in the Reference Rate Table] (Specify 
the Reference Rate (and other details of such 
Reference Rate) which applies to each Interest 
Period ending on an Interest Period End Date by 
inserting a Reference Rate Table below) 
 
(b) Page: 
[●]/[As set out in the Reference Rate Table] 
 
(c) Designated Maturity: 
[●] month[s] [(the “Designated Maturity”) 
(include 
where 
Linear 
Interpolation 
is 
applicable)]/[As set out in the Reference Rate 
Table]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(d) Specified Time: 
[●]/[As set out in the Reference Rate Table]/[As 
specified in General Condition 1(a) (General 
Definitions)] [Not Applicable] 
 
(e) Relevant Financial Centre: 
[●]/[As set out in the Reference Rate Table]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
General 
Conditions]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[Daily]/[Periodic] 
Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable: 
[(Specify e.g. any relevant Note Valuation 
Date(s))/[●] day on which commercial banks are 
open for business (including dealing in foreign

--- Page 846 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
846 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in [●] 
prior to the start of each Interest Period/First day of 
each Interest Period/[●] day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open prior to the start of each 
Interest Period] [As specified in General Condition 
1(a) (General Definitions)]/[As set out in the 
Reference Rate Table] 
 
(g) Reference Banks: 
[●]/[As specified in General Condition 1(a) 
(General Definitions)]/[As set out in the Reference 
Rate Table]] 
 
(h) Margin(s) (for the Screen Rate): 
[Not Applicable]/[+/-]/[[●] per cent. per annum] 
(Specify each Margin if more than one by inserting 
a Rate Table below) 
 
(i) 
Interest Participation Rate: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] (Specify 
each Interest 
Participation Rate if more than one by inserting a 
Rate Table below) 
 
(vi) USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(a) Reference Rate: 
[●] month[s] [(the “Designated Maturity”) 
(include where Linear Interpolation is applicable)] 
USD LIBOR 
 
(b) Interest Determination Date(s): 
[Second day on which commercial banks are open 
for business (including dealings in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London 
prior to the start of each Interest Period]/[●] 
 
(c) Page: 
[Reuters Screen LIBOR01]/[●] 
 
(d) Margin(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[+/-]/[[●] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Margin if more than one by inserting 
a Rate Table below) 
 
(e) Interest Participation Rate: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(specify 
each 
Interest 
Participation Rate if more than one by inserting a 
Rate Table below) 
 
(vii) SONIA Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(a) Reference Rate: 
SONIA  
 
(b) Margin(s) 
[Not Applicable]/[+/-]/[[●] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Margin if more than one by inserting 
a Rate Table below) 
 
(c) Interest Participation Rate: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(specify 
each 
Interest 
Participation Rate if more than one by inserting a 
Rate Table below) 
 
(d) Index Determination 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
 
(e) Compounded Daily SONIA (Shift): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Compounded Daily SONIA – Index 
Determination applies, specify “Not Applicable”)

--- Page 847 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
847 
 
(f) 
Compounded Daily SONIA (Lag): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Compounded Daily SONIA – Index 
Determination applies, specify “Not Applicable”)  
 
(g) Page: 
[]/[SONIAOSR=]/[Not Applicable] 
(If Compounded Daily SONIA – Index 
Determination applies, specify “Not Applicable”)  
 
(h) Interest Determination Date(s): 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SONIA: [General 
Condition 1 (Definitions and Interpretation)]/[●]] 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SONIA Index 
Determination: The day falling the Relevant 
Number of London Banking Days prior to the 
relevant Final Interest Period End Date and 
“Relevant Number” means [insert number being 
two or greater]] 
 
(viii) 
SOFR Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(a) Reference Rate: 
SOFR 
 
(b) Margin(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[+/-]/[[●] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Margin if more than one by inserting 
a Rate Table below) 
 
(c) Interest Participation Rate: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(specify 
each 
Interest 
Participation Rate if more than one by inserting a 
Rate Table below) 
 
(d) Compounding Method: 
[SOFR OIS Compounding: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[Delayed Interest Payment Dates: [●] U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days]] 
 
[Daily Capped Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]]] 
[SOFR Compounding with Lookback: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Lookback Days: [●] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days]] 
 
[Daily Capped Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]]]

--- Page 848 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
848 
[SOFR Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Observation 
Shift 
Days: 
[●] 
U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days] 
 
[Daily Capped Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]]] 
 
(e) Index Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[Insert for Compounded Daily SOFR – Index 
Determination: The day falling the Relevant 
Number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days prior to the relevant Final Interest Period End 
Date and “Relevant Number” means [insert 
number being two or greater]] 
 
(ix) €STR Screen Rate Determination  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(a) Reference Rate: 
€STR 
 
(b) Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
(c) Margin(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[+/-]/[[●] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Margin if more than one by inserting 
a Rate Table below) 
 
(d) Interest Participation Rate: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(specify 
each 
Interest 
Participation Rate if more than one by inserting a 
Rate Table below) 
 
(e) Compounding Method: 
[€STR OIS Compounding:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[€STR Rate Cut-Off Date: [●] TARGET 
Settlement Days] 
 
[Delayed Interest Payment Dates: [●] 
TARGET Settlement Days]] 
 
[Daily Capped Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]]] 
[€STR Compounding with Lookback: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 849 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
849 
 
Lookback Days: [●] TARGET Settlement 
Days] 
 
[Daily Capped Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]]] 
[€STR Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Observation Shift Days: [●] TARGET 
Settlement Days] 
 
[Daily Capped Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]]] 
 
(x) SARON Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(a) Reference Rate: 
SARON 
 
(b) Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
(c) Margin(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[+/-]/[[●] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Margin if more than one by inserting 
a Rate Table below) 
 
(d) Interest Participation Rate: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(specify 
each 
Interest 
Participation Rate if more than one by inserting a 
Rate Table below) 
 
(e) Compounding Method: 
[SARON OIS Compounding:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[SARON Rate Cut-Off Date: [●] Zurich 
Banking Days] 
 
[Delayed Interest Payment Dates: [] Zurich 
Banking Days]]  
 
[Daily Capped Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]]]  
[SARON Compounding with Lookback: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 850 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
850 
 
Lookback Days: [] Zurich Banking Days] 
 
[Daily Capped Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]]]  
[SARON Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Observation Shift Days: [●] Zurich Banking 
Days] 
 
[Daily Capped Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]]] 
 
(xi) [ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable: 2006 ISDA Definitions]/[Applicable: 
2021 ISDA Definitions]/[Not Applicable]]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 2006 ISDA Definitions 
 
 
(I) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●]/[As set out in the Floating Rate Table] 
(Specify the Floating Rate Option (and other 
details of such Floating Rate Option) which applies 
to each Interest Period ending on an Interest 
Period End Date by inserting a Floating Rate Table 
below) 
 
(II) 
Designated Maturity: 
[●]/[As set out in the Floating Rate Table]/[Not 
Applicable] (Specify as Not Applicable if 
Overnight Floating Rate Option is Applicable) 
 
(III) 
Reset Date: 
[●]/[[Arrears Setting]/[Last day of the relevant 
Interest Period] [As set out in the Floating Rate 
Table]  
 
(IV) 
[Average Rate Fixing Day: 
[First day of the next following Interest Period or 
in the case of the final Interest Period, the 
Termination Date]/[The day [●] Applicable 
Business Days preceding the [Reset Date]/[first 
day of the next following Interest Period or in the 
case of the final Interest Period, the Termination 
Date]] (Only include if the specified Floating Rate 
Option is a Published Average Rate)

--- Page 851 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
851 
 
(V) 
Floored Interest Amount: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(VI) 
Floored ISDA Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(VII) Overnight Floating Rate Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete sub-paragraphs below) 
 
(VIII) Overnight Rate Compounding/ 
Averaging Method: 
[Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding 
Method]/[Overnight Rate Averaging Method]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(IX) 
Overnight Rate Compounding 
Method: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Specify as Not 
Applicable if an Overnight Rate Averaging Method 
applies and delete sub-paragraphs below) 
[OIS 
Compounding: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete sub-
paragraphs below) 
 
[Daily Capped Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate: 
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]]] 
 
[Delayed Payment: [Not Applicable]/ 
[Applicable:  
Delayed 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates: 
[●] 
Business Days]]] 
[Compounding with Lookback: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete sub-
paragraphs below) 
 
[Lookback: 
[[●] 
Applicable 
Business 
Days]/[As per 2006 ISDA Definitions]] 
 
[Daily Capped Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]]] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete sub-paragraphs below) 
 
Set-in-Advance: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As per 2006 
ISDA Definitions]

--- Page 852 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
852 
 
[Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Capped Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]]] 
[Compounding with Lockout: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete sub-
paragraphs below) 
 
[Lockout: [●] Lockout Period Business 
Days]/[As per 2006 ISDA Definitions]] 
 
[Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[As per 
2006 ISDA Definitions]] 
 
[Daily Capped Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
Day Count Basis:  
[●]/[As per 2006 ISDA Definitions] 
 
(X) 
Overnight 
Rate 
Averaging 
Method: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] (Specify as Not 
Applicable if an Overnight Rate Compounding 
Method applies and delete sub-paragraphs below) 
[Overnight 
Averaging: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete sub-
paragraphs below) 
 
[Daily Capped Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]]] 
 
[Delayed Payment: [Not Applicable]/ 
[Applicable:  
Delayed 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates: 
[●] 
Business Days]]] 
[Averaging with Lookback: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete sub-paragraphs below)

--- Page 853 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
853 
 
[Lookback: 
[[●] 
Applicable 
Business 
Days]/[As per 2006 ISDA Definitions]] 
 
[Daily Capped Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]]] 
[Averaging 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete sub-paragraphs below) 
 
Set-in-Advance: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As per 2006 
ISDA Definitions] 
 
[Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Capped Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]]] 
[Averaging with Lockout: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete sub-paragraphs below) 
 
[Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business 
Days]/[As per 2006 ISDA Definitions]] 
 
[Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[As per 
2006 ISDA Definitions]] 
 
[Daily Capped Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]]] 
 
(XI) 
Index Floating Rate Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete sub-paragraphs below) 
 
(XII) Index Method: 
[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete sub-
paragraphs below) 
[Compounded Index Method:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]]

--- Page 854 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
854 
[Compounded Index Method with Observation 
Period Shift:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete sub-paragraphs below) 
 
[Set-in-Advance: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
 
[Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As per 2006 
ISDA Definitions]] 
 
[Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
[All-In 
Compounded 
Index 
Method: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
Day Count Basis:  
[●]/[As per 2006 ISDA Definitions] 
 
(XIII) [2006 ISDA Definitions Linear 
Interpolation: 
[Applicable in respect of the Interest Period 
beginning on, and including, [●] and ending on, but 
excluding, the Interest Period Date scheduled to 
fall on [●] (Amend as required)]/[Not Applicable]] 
(This should be Applicable where there are short or 
long Interest Periods) 
 
(b) [2021 ISDA Definitions: 
 
 
(I) 
2021 
ISDA 
Definitions 
Publication Version: 
Version [●], dated [●] 
 
(II) Floating Rate Matrix Publication 
Version: 
Version [●], dated [●]  
 
(III) Floating Rate Option: 
[●]/[As set out in the Floating Rate Table] 
(Specify the Floating Rate Option (and other 
details of such Floating Rate Option) which applies 
to each Interest Period ending on an Interest 
Period End Date by inserting a Floating Rate Table 
below) 
 
(IV) Designated Maturity: 
[●]/[As set out in the Floating Rate Table]/[Not 
Applicable] (Specify as Not Applicable if 
Overnight Floating Rate Option is Applicable) 
 
(V) Reset Date: 
[●]/ 
[The first day of the Interest Period next following 
the relevant Interest Period (other than the final 
Interest Period, in which case, the Reset Date will 
be the Maturity Date) (Include if “Arrears Setting” 
applies)]/ 
[Last day of the relevant Interest Period]/

--- Page 855 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
855 
[First day of the relevant Interest Period]/ 
[As set out in the Floating Rate Table] 
 
(VI) Fixing Day: 
[●]/[As per 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
(VII) Fixing Time: 
[●]/[As per 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
(VIII) 
Floored Interest Amount: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(IX) Floored ISDA Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(X) Overnight Floating Rate Option:59 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete sub-paragraphs below) 
 
(XI) [Overnight Rate Compounding/ 
Averaging Method: 
[Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding 
Method]/[Overnight Rate Averaging Method]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(XII) Overnight 
Rate 
Compounding 
Method: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Specify as Not 
Applicable if an Overnight Rate Averaging Method 
applies and delete sub-paragraphs below) 
[OIS 
Compounding: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] (if Not Applicable, delete sub-
paragraphs below) 
 
[Daily Capped Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]]] 
 
[Delayed Payment: [Not Applicable]/ 
[Applicable:  
Delayed 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates: 
[●] 
Business Days]]] 
[Compounding with Lookback: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete sub-
paragraphs below) 
 
[Lookback: 
[[●] 
Applicable 
Business 
Days]/[As per 2021 ISDA Definitions]] 
 
[Daily Capped Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]]] 
 
59 Drafting Note: Only specify as applicable if an Overnight Floating Rate Option (unless it is a Published Average Rate to which averaging has 
already been applied) applies. For Calculated Rates, any compounding/averaging will be done in accordance with the method specified in the 
Matrix.

--- Page 856 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
856 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete sub-paragraphs below) 
 
Set-in-Advance: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As per 2021 
ISDA Definitions] 
 
[Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Capped Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]]] 
[Compounding with Lockout: [Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete sub-
paragraphs below) 
 
[Lockout: [●] Lockout Period Business 
Days]/[As per 2021 ISDA Definitions]] 
 
[Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[As per 
2021 ISDA Definitions]] 
 
[Daily Capped Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
[[●] (specify any other method of compounding)] 
 
[Day Count Basis: 
[●]/[As per 2021 ISDA Definitions]] 
 
[As per the Floating Rate Matrix] (Delete if any of 
the above Overnight Rate Compounding Methods 
apply)]] 
 
(XIII) 
Overnight 
Rate 
Averaging 
Method: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] (Specify as Not 
Applicable if an Overnight Rate Compounding 
Method applies and delete sub-paragraphs below) 
[Overnight Averaging:  
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete sub-paragraphs below)

--- Page 857 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
857 
 
[Daily Capped Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]]] 
 
[Delayed Payment: [Not Applicable]/ 
[Applicable:  
Delayed 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates: 
[●] 
Business Days]]] 
[Averaging with Lookback: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete sub-paragraphs below) 
 
[Lookback: 
[[●] 
Applicable 
Business 
Days]/[As per 2021 ISDA Definitions]] 
 
[Daily Capped Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]]] 
[Averaging 
with 
Observation 
Period 
Shift: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete sub-paragraphs below) 
 
Set-in-Advance: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
[Observation Period Shift: [[●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As per 2021 
ISDA Definitions] 
 
[Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Capped Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]]] 
[Averaging 
with 
Lockout: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete sub-
paragraphs below) 
 
[Lockout: [[●] Lockout Period Business 
Days]/[As per 2021 ISDA Definitions]]

--- Page 858 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
858 
 
[Lockout Period Business Days: [●]/[As per 
2021 ISDA Definitions]] 
 
[Daily Capped Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[Daily Floored Rate:  
[Applicable: [●]]/[Not Applicable]]  
[[●] (specify any other method of averaging)] 
  
 
(XIV) 
Index Floating Rate Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, 
delete sub-paragraphs below) 
 
(XV) Index Method: 
[Not Applicable] (If Not Applicable, delete sub-
paragraphs below) 
[Applicable: 
[Standard 
Index 
Method] 
/[Compounded 
Index 
Method]/[Compounded 
Index Method with Observation Period Shift: 
 
[Set-in-Advance: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
 
[Observation Period Shift: [●] Observation 
Period Shift Business Days]/[As per 2021 
ISDA Definitions]] 
 
[Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional 
Business Days: [●]/[Not Applicable]]] 
[All-In Compounded Index Method]/[[●] (Specify 
any other method)]] 
Day Count Basis:  
[●]/[As per 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
[As per the Floating Rate Matrix] (Delete if any of 
the above Index Methods apply)]] 
 
(XVI) 
[2021 ISDA Definitions Linear 
Interpolation: 
[Applicable in respect of the Interest Period 
beginning on, and including, [●] and ending on, but 
excluding the Interest Period Date scheduled to fall 
on [●] (Amend as required)]/[Not Applicable]] 
(This should be Applicable where there are short or 
long Interest Periods) 
 
(XVII) [Unscheduled Holiday: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
[Payment date adjustment 
for Unscheduled Holiday 
pursuant 
to 
General 
Condition 7(g)(ii)(A): 
[As per General Condition 7(g)(ii) (Unscheduled 
Holidays)]/[[●] (Specify any other adjustment that 
should apply)] 
 
 
[Interest 
Period 
End 
Date/Maturity
Date 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 859 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
859 
adjustment for Unscheduled 
Holiday: 
 
 
[Non-Representative 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]]  
 
 
[Successor Benchmark: 
[●]/[Delete if Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Successor 
Benchmark 
Effective Date: 
[●]/[Delete if Not Applicable] 
 
(c) Margin(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[+/-]/[[●] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Margin if more than one by inserting 
a Rate Table below) 
 
(d) Interest Participation Rate  
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(specify 
each 
Interest 
Participation Rate if more than one by inserting a 
Rate Table below) 
 
(xii) Linear Interpolation: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(specify 
each 
Interest 
Participation Rate if more than one by inserting a 
Rate Table below) 
 
(xiii) Minimum Interest Rate (for Floating Interest 
Rate): 
[●]/[See paragraph 17] (insert for Range Accrual 
Notes)/[Not Applicable]  
(Specify for each Interest Payment Date/Interest 
Period if different by inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
(xiv) Maximum Interest Rate (for Floating Interest 
Rate): 
[●]/[See paragraph 17] (insert for Range Accrual 
Notes)/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify for each Interest Payment Date/Interest 
Period if different by inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
(xv) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis]  
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis]  
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
Determination Dates: [●] in each year (insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or scheduled maturity date in the case of 
a long or short first or last coupon. only 
applies for Actual/Actual (ICMA).) 
 
(xvi) Adjustment and Disruption provisions: 
 
 
(a) Electronic Page: 
[●] 
 
(b) Rate Valuation Time: 
[●] 
 
(c) Rate Scheduled Trading Day: 
[A Business Day]/[A day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency

--- Page 860 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
860 
deposits) in [●] (specify each)]/[A day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open]/[A U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day] 
 
(d) Adjustments to Note Valuation Date 
(Rate Scheduled Trading Days): 
[Preceding 
Rate 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day]/ 
[Modified Following Rate Scheduled Trading Day] 
 
(e) Correction Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Correction Period: 
[●] 
 
(f) 
Move in Block: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(Insert the table below if more than one Floating Interest Rate and General Screen Rate Determination is 
applicable, as required) 
[Reference Rate Table] 
[Interest Period 
End Date(s)] 
[Reference Rate] 
[Page] 
[Relevant 
Financial Centre] 
 
[Interest 
Determination 
Date(s)] 
[Reference Banks]
(Insert if Reference 
Rate is other than 
LIBOR, EURIBOR, 
BBSW or BKBM) 
[Specified Time] 
[Interest Payment 
Date(s)]/[●] in each 
year [adjusted in 
accordance with 
[specify Business 
Day 
Convention]/[not 
adjusted]] [(See 
General 
Condition 7(g) 
(Business Day 
Convention))] 
[[●] month [(the 
“Designated 
Maturity”) (include 
where Linear 
Interpolation is 
applicable)] [insert 
currency] 
[EURIBOR]/[LIB
OR]/[STIBOR]/[NI
BOR]/[CIBOR] 
/[ROBOR]/[TIBO
R]/[HIBOR]/[BBS
W (being the 
Sydney average 
mid rate for AUD 
bills of 
exchange)]/[BKB
M (being the 
Wellington rate for 
New Zealand 
Dollar bills of 
exchange)]] 
[●] 
[As defined in the 
General 
Conditions]/[●] 
[As defined in the 
General 
Conditions]/[●]

--- Page 861 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
861 
(Insert table below if more than one Floating Interest Rate and ISDA Determination is applicable, as required) 
[Floating Rate Table] 
[Interest Period End 
Date(s)] 
[Floating Rate Option] 
[Designated 
Maturity] 
[Reset Date] 
[Interest Payment 
Date(s)]/[●] in each year 
[adjusted in accordance 
with [specify Business 
Day Convention]/[not 
adjusted]] [(See General 
Condition 7(g) (Business 
Day Convention))] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●]/[Arrears 
Setting]/[Last day of the 
relevant Interest Period] 
 
(Insert table below if there is more than one Margin, Interest Participation Rate or Minimum/Maximum Interest 
Rate (as applicable) for different Interest Periods, as required) 
[Rate Table] 
[Interest Period 
End Date(s)]/ 
[Interest Payment 
Date(s)] 
[Specified Rate 1] 
/[Specified Rate 2] 
[Margin] 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate] 
[Minimum]/[Maxi
mum Interest 
Rate] 
(Delete if 
Minimum/ 
Maximum Interest 
Rate is not 
applicable for all 
Interest Periods) 
[Minimum]/[Maxi
mum Reference 
Rate] 
(Delete if 
Minimum/ 
Maximum 
Reference Rate is 
not applicable for 
all Interest 
Periods) 
[Minimum]/[Maxi
mum Interest 
Amount] 
(Insert for Inflation 
Linked Notes or 
Range Accrual 
Notes if the 
Minimum/ 
Maximum Interest 
Amount specified is

--- Page 862 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
862 
different for each 
Interest 
Period/Interest 
Payment Date) 
[Interest Payment 
Date(s)]/[●] in each 
year [adjusted in 
accordance with 
[specify Business 
Day 
Convention]/[not 
adjusted]] 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable] (repeat 
as required) 
[Not 
Applicable/[+/-
]/[●] per cent. per 
annum] (repeat as 
required) 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable] (repeat 
as required) 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable] (repeat 
as required) 
 
16
CMS Rate Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[●] [in each [year] [month] from, and including, 
[●] to and including, [●]] [adjusted in accordance 
with [specify Business Day Convention]/[not 
adjusted] [(See General Condition 7(g) (Business 
Day Convention))]] 
 
(ii) Interest Period End Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)]/[●]] [in each 
[year]/[month] from, and including, [●] to and 
including, [●]] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]/[not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 7(g) (Business Day 
Convention))] 
[As set out in the Rate Table below] (specify each 
Interest Period End Date by inserting a Rate Table 
below) 
 
(iii) Range Accrual Notes: 
[Applicable: see paragraph 17]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) CMS Rate: 
[Single CMS Interest Rate]/[Worse of CMS 
Interest Rates]/[CMS Spread Interest Rate] 
 
(v) Single CMS Interest Rate:  
 
 
(a) CMS Reference Rate:  
 
 
(I) 
Relevant Swap Rate: 
[EUR]/[GBP]/[JPY 
10:00]/[JPY 
15:00]/[USD 
LIBOR]/[USD SOFR]/[Mid-Market] Swap Rate 
 
(II) Designated Maturity: 
[●] [month[s]/year[s]] 
 
(III) [Relevant 
Financial 
Centre:] 
(Insert if Relevant Swap Rate is 
Mid-Market Swap Rate) 
[●] 
 
(IV) Relevant Time: 
[●]

--- Page 863 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
863 
 
(V) Reference Currency: 
[●] 
 
(VI) Interest Determination Date(s): 
[[Daily/Periodic] Rate Determination is applicable: 
[●]]/[●] 
 
(VII) Page: 
[●] 
 
(VIII) 
Minimum Reference Rate (for 
CMS Reference Rate): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] (Specify for each Interest 
Payment Date/Interest Period if different by 
inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
(IX) Maximum Reference Rate (for 
CMS Reference Rate): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] (Specify for each Interest 
Payment Date/Interest Period if different by 
inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
(b) Margin:  
[Not Applicable]/[+/-]/[●] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Margin if more than one by inserting 
a Rate Table below) 
 
(c) Interest Participation Rate:  
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(specify 
each 
Interest 
Participation Rate if more than one by inserting a 
Rate Table below) 
 
(vi) Worse of CMS Interest Rates/CMS Spread 
Interest Rate: 
 
 
 
[“CMS 
Reference 
Rate 1“] (If CMS 
Interest 
Rate 
is 
“Worse 
of 
CMS 
Interest 
Rates” 
or 
“CMS Spread Interest 
Rate”, 
insert 
this 
column) 
[“CMS Reference Rate 
2“] (If CMS Interest Rate 
is “Worse of CMS Interest 
Rates” or “CMS Spread 
Interest Rate”, insert this 
column) 
 
(a) Relevant Swap Rate: 
[EUR]/[GBP]/[JPY 
10:00]/[JPY 
15:00]/[USD 
LIBOR]/[USD 
SOFR]/[Mid-Market] 
Swap Rate 
[EUR]/[GBP]/[JPY 
10:00]/[JPY 
15:00]/[USD 
LIBOR]/[USD 
SOFR]/[Mid-Market] 
Swap Rate 
 
(b) Designated Maturity: 
[●] [month[s]/year[s]] 
[●] [month[s]/year[s]] 
 
(c) [Relevant Financial Centre:] (Insert if 
Relevant Swap Rate is Mid-Market 
Swap Rate) 
[●] 
[●] 
 
(d) Relevant Time: 
[●] 
[●] 
 
(e) Reference Currency: 
[●] 
[●] 
 
(f) 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[[Daily]/[Periodic] 
Rate Determination is 
applicable: [●]]/[●] 
[[Daily]/[Periodic] Rate 
Determination 
is 
applicable: [●]]/[●] 
 
(g) Page: 
[●] 
[●]

--- Page 864 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
864 
 
(h) Minimum Reference Rate (for CMS 
Reference Rate): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify 
for 
each 
Interest 
Payment 
Date/Interest Period if 
different by inserting a 
Rate Table below) 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify for each Interest 
Payment 
Date/Interest 
Period if different by 
inserting a Rate Table 
below) 
 
(i) 
Maximum Reference Rate (for CMS 
Reference Rate): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify 
for 
each 
Interest 
Payment 
Date/Interest Period if 
different by inserting a 
Rate Table below) 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Specify for each Interest 
Payment 
Date/Interest 
Period if different by 
inserting a Rate Table 
below) 
 
(vii) Margin 1 (for CMS Reference Rate 1): 
[Not Applicable]/[+/-]/[●] per cent. per annum] 
(Specify each Margin 1 if more than one by 
inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
 
(Insert if CMS Interest Rate is “Worse of CMS 
Interest Rates” or “CMS Spread Interest Rate”). 
 
(viii) [Margin 2 (for CMS Reference Rate 2):] 
[Not Applicable]/[+/-]/[●] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Margin 2 if more than one by 
inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
 
(Insert if CMS Interest Rate is “Worse of CMS 
Interest Rates” or “CMS Spread Interest Rate”). 
 
(ix) Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable - the Interest Rate for 
the [long/short]/[first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)] 
 
(x) Interest Participation Rate 1 (for CMS 
Reference Rate 1): 
[●]/[Not Applicable]  
(Specify each Interest Participation Rate [1] if 
more than one by inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
 
(Insert if CMS Interest Rate is “Worse of CMS 
Interest Rates” or “CMS Spread Interest Rate) 
 
(xi) Interest Participation Rate 2 (for CMS 
Reference Rate 2): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(specify each Interest Participation Rate 2 if more 
than one by inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
 
(Insert if CMS Interest Rate is “Worse of CMS 
Interest Rates” or “CMS Spread Interest Rate) 
 
(xii) Maximum Interest Rate (for CMS Interest 
Rate): 
[●]/[See paragraph 17(ii)] (insert for Range 
Accrual Notes)/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify for each Interest Payment Date/Interest 
Period if different by inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
(xiii) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]  
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]  
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]

--- Page 865 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
865 
[Actual/360]  
[30/360]/[360/360]/[Bond Basis]  
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis]  
[30E/360 (ISDA)]  
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
Determination Dates: [●] in each year (insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or scheduled maturity date in the case of 
a long or short first or last coupon. only 
applicable for Actual/Actual (ICMA).) 
 
(xiv) Adjustment and Disruption provisions: 
 
 
(a) Electronic Page: 
[●]  
 
(b) Rate Valuation Time: 
[●] 
 
(c) Rate Scheduled Trading Day: 
[A Business Day]/[A day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in [●] (specify each)]/[A day on which 
the TARGET2 System is open]/[A U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day] 
 
(d) Adjustments to Note Valuation Date 
(Rate Scheduled Trading Days): 
[Preceding Rate Scheduled Trading Day]/ 
[Modified Following Rate Scheduled Trading 
Day] 
 
(e) Correction Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Correction Period: 
[●] 
 
(f) 
Move in Block: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(Insert table below if there is more than one Margin, Interest Participation Rate or Minimum/Maximum Interest 
Rate (as applicable) for different Interest Periods, as required)

--- Page 866 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
866 
[Rate Table] 
[Interest Period 
End Date(s)]/ 
[Interest Payment 
Date(s)] 
[Specified Rate 
1]/[Specified Rate 
2] 
[Margin] 
(Delete if Margin is 
not applicable for 
all Interest 
Periods) 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate] 
[Minimum]/[Maxi
mum Interest 
Rate] 
(Delete if 
Minimum/Maximu
m Interest Rate is 
not applicable for 
all Interest 
Periods) 
[Minimum]/[Maxi
mum Reference 
Rate] 
(Delete if 
Minimum/Maximu
m Reference Rate is 
not applicable for 
all Interest 
Periods) 
[Minimum]/[Maxi
mum Interest 
Amount] 
(Insert for Inflation 
Linked Notes or 
Range Accrual 
Notes if the 
Minimum/ 
Maximum Interest 
Amount specified is 
different for each 
Interest 
Period/Interest 
Payment Date) 
[Interest Payment 
Date(s)]/[●] in each 
year [adjusted in 
accordance with 
[specify Business 
Day 
Convention]/[not 
adjusted]] 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable] (repeat 
as required) 
[Not 
Applicable]/[+/-
]/[●] per cent. per 
annum] (repeat as 
required) 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable] (repeat 
as required) 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable] (repeat 
as required) 
 
(Insert table below if “Worse of CMS Interest Rates” or “CMS Spread Interest Rate” is applicable and there is 
more than one Margin 1, Margin 2, Interest Participation Rate 1, Interest Participation Rate 2 or 
Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate (as applicable) in respect of CMS Reference Rate 1 and CMS Reference 
Rate 2 for different Interest Periods, as required)

--- Page 867 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
867 
[Rate Table] 
 
CMS Reference Rate 1 
CMS Reference Rate 2 
[Interest 
Period End 
Date(s)] 
[Margin 1]
(Interest for 
Inflation 
Linked 
Notes or 
Range 
Accrual 
Notes if the 
Minimum/M
aximum 
Interest 
Amount 
specified is 
different for 
each 
Interest 
Period/Inter
est Payment 
Date) 
[Interest 
Participatio
n Rate 1] 
(Delete if 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate is not 
applicable 
for all 
Interest 
Periods) 
[Minimum]/
[Maximum 
Reference 
Rate] 
(Delete if 
Minimum/M
aximum 
Reference 
Rate is not 
applicable 
for all 
Interest 
Periods) 
[Margin 
2] 
(Delete if 
Margin is 
not 
applicable 
for all 
Interest 
Periods) 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate 2] 
(Delete if 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate is not 
applicable for 
all Interest 
Periods) 
[Minimum]/
[Maximum 
Reference 
Rate] 
(Delete if 
Minimum/M
aximum 
Reference 
Rate is not 
applicable 
for all 
Interest 
Periods) 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s)]/[●] 
in each year 
[adjusted in 
accordance 
with [specify 
Business Day 
Convention]/ 
not 
adjusted]] 
[Not 
Applicable]/
[+/-]/[●]per 
cent. per 
annum] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[Not 
Applicabl
e/[+/-]/[●] 
per cent. 
per 
annum] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as 
required) 
 
17
Range Accrual Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] [in each [year] [month] from, and including, 
[●] to and including, [●]] [adjusted in accordance 
with [specify Business Day Convention]/[not 
adjusted] [(See General Condition 7(g) (Business 
Day Convention))] 
 
(ii) Interest Period End Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)]/[●]] [in each 
[year]/[month] from, and including, [●] to and 
including, [●]] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]/[not adjusted]

--- Page 868 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
868 
[(See General Condition 7(g) (Business Day 
Convention))] 
[As set out in the Rate Table below] (specify each 
Interest Period End Date by inserting a Rate Table 
below) 
 
(iii) Interest Rate[s]: 
[Fixed 
Interest 
Rate: 
see 
paragraph 
14 
above]/[Floating Interest Rate: see paragraph 15 
above]/[CMS Interest Rate: see paragraph 16 
above] 
(Specify each rate of interest if more than one by 
inserting a Range Accrual Table below) 
 
(iv) Single Reference Observation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) Dual Reference Observation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) Triple Reference Observation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) Reference Observation [1] (insert “Reference 
Observation 
1” 
if 
Dual 
Reference 
Observation or Triple Reference Observation 
is 
applicable. 
If 
“Single 
Reference 
Observation” applies, delete reference to 
[1]): 
[Specify what the Reference Observation will be 
from the options set out in General Condition 
5(e)(iii) 
(Determination 
of 
Reference 
Observation)] 
[If applicable specify details of the or each 
Reference Rate and where there is more than one 
Reference Rate, whether the Barrier is different for 
each Reference Rate for each relevant interest 
period.] 
[If Dual Reference Observation is specified to be 
applicable, 
specify 
what 
the 
Reference 
Observation will be for each of Reference 
Observation 1 and Reference Observation 2 below 
and if Triple Reference Observation is specified to 
be applicable, specify what the Reference 
Observation will be for each of Reference 
Observation 1, Reference Observation 2 and 
Reference Observation 3 below] 
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table 
hereto] (If Reference Observation (or if Dual 
Reference Observation or Triple Reference 
Observation is applicable, Reference Observation 
1) is different for each Interest Period, insert the 
Reference Observation Table) 
 
Reference 
Rate 
One 
(for 
Reference 
Observation 
[1]): 
(insert 
“Reference 
Observation 
1” 
if 
Dual 
Reference 
Observation or Triple Reference Observation 
is 
applicable. 
If 
“Single 
Reference 
Observation” applies, delete reference to 
[1]): 
[Fixed 
Interest 
Rate]/[Floating 
Interest 
Rate]/[CMS 
Interest 
Rate]/[Spread 
Interest 
Rate]/[Relevant Spread Rate]/[Spread Reference 
Rate: see paragraph 18.]/[Not Applicable] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate 1, 
including any Margin, Interest Participation Rate, 
any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any

--- Page 869 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
869 
Maximum Reference Rate. If the Reference Rate is 
a Fixed Interest Rate, Floating Interest Rate or 
CMS Interest Rate, insert the details set out below 
in paragraph 14, 15 or 16 as applicable as sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph, as required. If there 
is more than one Reference Rate 1, repeat this 
paragraph for each Reference Rate 1)  
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table 
hereto] (If Reference Rate 1 is different for each 
Interest Period, insert the Reference Observation 
Table) 
 
[Reference Rate 2 (for Reference Observation 
[1]):] (insert if applicable. If “Single 
Reference 
Observation” 
applies, 
delete 
reference to [1]): 
[[Fixed 
Interest 
Rate]/[Floating 
Interest 
Rate]/[CMS 
Interest 
Rate]/[Spread 
Interest 
Rate]/[Relevant Spread Rate]/[Spread Reference 
Rate] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate 2 by 
repeating sub-paragraphs of the paragraph above 
for Reference Rate 2, including any Margin, 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate, 
any 
Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or any Maximum Reference 
Rate. If there is more than one Reference Rate 2, 
repeat this paragraph for each Reference Rate 2)  
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table 
hereto] (If Reference Rate 2 is different for each 
Interest Period, insert the Reference Observation 
Table)] 
 
Barrier [1] (insert “Barrier 1” if Dual 
Reference Observation or Triple Reference 
Observation 
is 
applicable. 
If 
“Single 
Reference 
Observation” 
applies, 
delete 
reference to [1]): 
[●]/[As set out in the Range Accrual Table] [specify 
for each relevant interest period by inserting the 
Range Accrual Table below, and where there is 
more than one Reference Rate, whether the Barrier 
[1] is different for each Reference Rate]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
– 
Barrier Reference: 
[Greater than the Barrier [1]/Greater than or equal 
to the Barrier [1]/Less than the Barrier [1]/Less 
than or equal to the Barrier [1]] (insert “Barrier 1” 
if Dual Reference Observation is applicable)/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
Lower Range [1] (insert “Lower Range 1” if 
Dual Reference Observation or Triple 
Reference Observation is applicable. If 
“Single Reference Observation” applies, 
delete reference to [1]): 
[●]/[As set out in the Range Accrual Table] [specify 
for each relevant interest period by inserting the 
Range Accrual Table below]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Lower Range [1] Option (insert “Lower 
Range 1 Option” if Dual Reference 
Observation 
or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation is applicable): 
[[Greater than or equal to/Greater than] the Lower 
Range [1]]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 870 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
870 
 
Upper Range [1] (insert “Upper Range 1” if 
Dual Reference Observation or Triple 
Reference Observation is applicable. If 
“Single Reference Observation” applies, 
delete reference to [1]): 
[●]/[As set out in the Range Accrual Table] [specify 
for each relevant interest period by inserting the 
Range Accrual Table below]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Upper Range [1] Option (insert “Upper 
Range 1 Option” if Dual Reference 
Observation 
or 
Triple 
Reference 
Observation is applicable. If “Single 
Reference Observation” applies, delete 
reference to [1]): 
[[Less than or equal to/Less than] the Upper Range 
[1]]/[Not Applicable] 
(insert and re-number the following paragraphs if “Dual Reference Observation” or “Triple Reference 
Observation” is applicable) 
 
(viii) [Reference Observation 2: 
[Specify what the Reference Observation 2 will be 
from the options set out in General Condition 
5(e)(iii) 
(Determination 
of 
Reference 
Observation)] 
[If applicable and specify details of the or each 
Reference Rate and where more than one Reference 
Rate whether the Barrier is different for each 
Reference Rate for each relevant interest period] 
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table 
hereto] (If Reference Observation 2 is different for 
each Interest Period, insert the Reference 
Observation Table) 
 
Reference Rate 1 (for Reference Observation 
2): 
[Fixed 
Interest 
Rate]/[Floating 
Interest 
Rate]/[CMS 
Interest 
Rate]/[Spread 
Interest 
Rate]/[Relevant Spread Rate]/[Spread Reference 
Rate: see paragraph 18]/[Not Applicable] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate 1, 
including any Margin, Interest Participation Rate, 
any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any 
Maximum Reference Rate. If the Reference Rate is 
a Fixed Interest Rate, Floating Interest Rate or 
CMS Interest Rate, insert the details set out in 
paragraph 14,15 or 16 as applicable as sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph, as required. If there 
is more than one Reference Rate One, repeat this 
paragraph for each Reference Rate One)  
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table 
hereto] (If Reference Rate One is different for each 
Interest Period, insert the Schedule which contains 
the Reference Observation Table) 
 
[Reference Rate 2 (for Reference Observation 
2):] (insert if applicable) 
[[Fixed 
Interest 
Rate]/[Floating 
Interest 
Rate]/[CMS 
Interest 
Rate]/[Spread 
Interest

--- Page 871 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
871 
Rate]/[Relevant Spread Rate]/[Spread Reference 
Rate] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate Two 
by repeating sub-paragraphs of the paragraph 
above for Reference Rate Two, including any 
Margin, Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or any Maximum Reference 
Rate. If there is more than one Reference Rate Two, 
repeat this paragraph for each Reference Rate 
Two)  
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table 
hereto] (If Reference Rate Two is different for each 
Interest Period, insert the Reference Observation 
Table)] 
 
[Barrier 2:] (insert if Barrier 1 is specified) 
[●]/[As set out in the Range Accrual Table] [specify 
for each relevant interest period by inserting the 
Range Accrual Table below, and where there is 
more than one Reference Rate, whether the Barrier 
2 is different for each Reference Rate]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
– 
[Barrier Reference:] (insert if Barrier 2 
is specified) 
[Greater than the Barrier 2]/[Greater than or equal 
to the Barrier 2]/[Less than the Barrier 2]/[Less 
than or equal to the Barrier 2] 
 
[Lower Range 2:] (insert if Lower Range 1 is 
specified) 
[●]/[As set out in the Range Accrual Table] [specify 
for each relevant interest period by inserting the 
Range Accrual Table below]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
[Lower Range 2 Option:] (insert if 
Lower Range 2 is specified) 
[[Greater than or equal to/Greater than] the Lower 
Range 2]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[Upper Range 2:] (insert if Upper Range 1 is 
specified) 
[●]/[As set out in the Range Accrual Table] [specify 
for each relevant interest period by inserting the 
Range Accrual Table below]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
[Upper Range 2 Option:] (insert if 
Upper Range 2 is specified) 
[[Less than or equal to/Less than] the Upper Range 
2]/[Not Applicable] 
(insert and re-number the following paragraphs if “Triple Reference Observation” is applicable) 
 
(ix) [Reference Observation 3: 
[Specify what the Reference Observation 3 will be 
from the options set out in General Condition 
5(e)(iii) 
(Determination 
of 
Reference 
Observation)] 
[If applicable, specify details of the or each 
Reference Rate and where more than one Reference 
Rate whether the Barrier is different for each 
Reference Rate for each relevant interest period] 
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table 
hereto] (If Reference Observation 3 is different for

--- Page 872 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
872 
each Interest Period, insert the Reference 
Observation Table) 
 
Reference Rate 1 (for Reference Observation 
3): 
[Fixed 
Interest 
Rate]/[Floating 
Interest 
Rate]/[CMS 
Interest 
Rate]/[Spread 
Interest 
Rate]/[Relevant Spread Rate]/[Spread Reference 
Rate]/[Not Applicable] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate One, 
including any Margin, Interest Participation Rate, 
any Minimum Reference Rate and/or any 
Maximum Reference Rate. If the Reference Rate is 
a Fixed Interest Rate, Floating Interest Rate or 
CMS Interest Rate, insert the details set out in 
paragraph 14,15 or 16 as applicable as sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph, as required. If there 
is more than one Reference Rate One, repeat this 
paragraph for each Reference Rate One)  
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table 
hereto] (If Reference Rate 1 is different for each 
Interest Period, insert the Reference Observation 
Table) 
 
[Reference 
Rate 
Two 
(for 
Reference 
Observation 3):] (insert if applicable) 
[[Fixed 
Interest 
Rate]/[Floating 
Interest 
Rate]/[CMS 
Interest 
Rate]/[Spread 
Interest 
Rate]/[Relevant Spread Rate]/[Spread Reference 
Rate: see paragraph 18] 
(Insert details of the or each Reference Rate Two 
by repeating sub-paragraphs of the paragraph 
above for Reference Rate Two, including any 
Margin, Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or any Maximum Reference 
Rate. If there is more than one Reference Rate Two, 
repeat this paragraph for each Reference Rate 
Two)  
[As set out in the Reference Observation Table 
hereto] (If Reference Rate Two is different for each 
Interest Period, insert the Reference Observation 
Table)] 
 
– 
[Barrier Reference:] (insert if Barrier 3 
is specified) 
[Greater than the Barrier 3]/[Greater than or equal 
to the Barrier 3]/[Less than the Barrier 3]/[Less 
than or equal to the Barrier 3] 
 
[Lower Range 3:] (insert if Lower Range 1 is 
specified) 
[●]/[As set out in the Range Accrual Table] [specify 
for each relevant interest period by inserting the 
Range Accrual Table below]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
[Lower Range 3 Option:] (insert if 
Lower Range 3 is specified) 
[[Greater than or equal to/Greater than] the Lower 
Range 3]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 873 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
873 
 
[Upper Range 3:] (insert if Upper Range 1 is 
specified) 
[●]/[As set out in the Range Accrual Table] [specify 
for each relevant interest period by inserting the 
Range Accrual Table below]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
[Upper Range 3 Option:] (insert if 
Upper Range 3 is specified) 
[[Less than or equal to/Less than] the Upper Range 
3]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(x) Protected Range Accrual Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[If applicable: 
Protection Level: [[●]%]/[As set out in the Range 
Accrual Table] (Specify for each relevant interest 
period by inserting the Range Accrual Table 
below)] 
 
(xi) Adj: 
[[●]%]/[As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
(Specify for each relevant interest period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table below)/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xii) Lev: 
[[●]%] [As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
(Specify for each relevant interest period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table below)/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xiii) RA Cap: 
[[●]%]/[As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
(Specify for each relevant interest period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table below)/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xiv) RA Floor: 
[[●]%]/[As set out in the Range Accrual Table] 
(Specify for each relevant interest period by 
inserting the Range Accrual Table below)/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xv) Accrual Days: 
[calendar days/Business Days] 
 
(xvi) Accrual Business Day Centre: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] (N.B. this relates to the 
definition of “Accrual Business Day”, specify this 
if the Specified Accrual Cut-Off Date is a specified 
number of Accrual Business Days. This is not 
applicable if the Accrual Cut-Off Date is the 
Default Accrual Cut-Off Date) 
 
(xvii) 
Accrual Cut-Off Date (the “Accrual Cut-
Off Date” is the specified number of calendar 
days or Accrual Business Days preceding the 
last day of the relevant Interest Period 
(Specified Accrual Cut-Off Date) and shall be 
five Accrual Days if “Default Accrual Cut-Off 
Date” is specified): 
[Specified Accrual Cut-Off Date]/[Default Accrual 
Cut-Off Date] 
 
– 
Specified Accrual Cut-Off Date: 
[●]/[calendar day/Accrual Business Day]/[Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 874 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
874 
 
(xviii) 
Any or All: 
[Any]/[All]/[Not Applicable] (Include where the 
Reference Observation is specified as a basket of 
two or more Reference Rates) 
 
(xix) Minimum Interest Rate: 
[See paragraph 15/16 above]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xx) Maximum Interest Rate: 
[See paragraph 15/16 above]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxi) Minimum Interest Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[As set out in the 
Rate Table]/[Not Applicable] 
(If there is more than one Minimum Interest 
Amount for different Interest Periods, this 
information may be set out in a “Rate Table”) 
 
(xxii) 
Maximum Interest Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[As set out in the 
Rate Table]/[Not Applicable] 
(If there is more than one Maximum Interest 
Amount for different Interest Periods, this 
information may be set out in a “Rate Table”) 
 
(xxiii) 
Details of Reference Rate(s) to be 
inserted: 
 
 
[If any Reference Rate is a Fixed Interest Rate, insert relevant sub-paragraphs from 
paragraph 14, as required] 
 
(Insert if any Reference Rate is a Floating 
Interest Rate) [Method of Floating Rate 
Determination: 
[[General Screen Rate 
Determination]/[USD 
LIBOR Screen Rate Determination]/[SONIA 
Screen Rate Determination]/[SOFR Screen Rate 
Determination]/[€STR 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination]/[SARON 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination]/[ISDA Determination] applies] 
 
(Insert if any Reference Rate is a Floating 
Interest Rate and General Screen Rate 
Determination is applicable) [General 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[Insert the relevant sub-paragraphs from paragraph 15] 
 
(Insert if any Reference Rate is a Floating 
Interest Rate and ISDA Determination is 
applicable) [ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable: 2006 ISDA Definitions]/[Applicable: 
2021 ISDA Definitions]]  
 
 
[Insert the relevant sub-paragraphs from paragraph 15] 
 
(Insert if Reference Rate is a CMS Interest 
Rate) [CMS Interest Rate: 
[Single CMS Interest Rate]/[Worse of CMS 
Interest Rates]/[CMS Spread Interest Rate] 
 
[Insert the relevant sub-paragraphs from paragraph 16] 
 
(xxiv) 
Adjustment and Disruption provisions: 
 
 
(a) Electronic Page: 
[●]  
 
(b) Rate Valuation Time: 
[●] 
 
(c) Rate Scheduled Trading Day: 
[A Business Day]/[A day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including

--- Page 875 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
875 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in [●] (specify each)]/[A day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open]/[A U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day] 
 
(d) Adjustments to Note Valuation Date 
(Rate Scheduled Trading Days): 
[Preceding 
Rate 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day]/ 
[Modified Following Rate Scheduled Trading Day] 
 
(e) Correction Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Correction Period: 
[●] 
 
(f) 
Move In Block: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(Insert the table below if more than one Floating Interest Rate and General Screen Rate Determination is 
applicable, as required) 
[Reference Rate Table] 
[Interest Period 
End Date(s)] 
[Reference Rate] 
[Page] 
[Relevant 
Financial Centre] 
 
[Interest 
Determination 
Date(s)] 
[Reference Banks] 
(Insert if Reference 
Rate is other than 
LIBOR, EURIBOR, 
BBSW or BKBM) 
[Specified Time] 
[Interest Payment 
Date(s)] / [●] in 
each year [adjusted 
in accordance with 
[specify Business 
Day 
Convention]/[not 
adjusted]] [(See 
General 
Condition 7(g) 
(Business Day 
Convention))] 
[[●] month [(the 
“Designated 
Maturity”) (include 
where Linear 
Interpolation is 
applicable)] [insert 
currency] 
[EURIBOR] / 
[LIBOR] / 
[STIBOR] / 
[NIBOR] / 
[CIBOR] / 
[ROBOR] / 
[TIBOR] / 
[HIBOR] [BBSW 
(being the Sydney 
average mid rate 
for AUD bills of 
exchange)] 
[BKBM (being the 
Wellington rate for 
New Zealand 
Dollar bills of 
exchange)]] 
[●] 
[As defined in the 
General 
Conditions]/[●] 
[As defined in the 
General 
Conditions]/[●]

--- Page 876 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
876 
(Insert table below if “Worse of CMS Interest Rates” or “CMS Spread Interest Rate” is applicable and there is 
more than one Margin 1, Margin 2, Interest Participation Rate 1, Interest Participation Rate 2 or 
Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate (as applicable) in respect of CMS Referent Rate 1 and CMS Reference Rate 
2 for different Interest Periods, as required) 
[Rate Table] 
 
CMS Reference Rate 1 
CMS Reference Rate 2 
[Interest 
Period End 
Date(s)] 
[Margin 1] 
(Interest for 
Inflation 
Linked 
Notes or 
Range 
Accrual 
Notes if the 
Minimum/M
aximum 
Interest 
Amount 
specified is 
different for 
each 
Interest 
Period/Inter
est Payment 
Date) 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate 1] 
(Delete if 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate is not 
applicable for 
all Interest 
Periods) 
[Minimum]/
[Maximum 
Reference 
Rate] 
(Delete if 
Minimum/M
aximum 
Reference 
Rate is not 
applicable 
for all 
Interest 
Periods) 
[Margin 
2] 
(Delete if 
Margin is 
not 
applicable 
for all 
Interest 
Periods) 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate 2] 
(Delete if 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate is not 
applicable for 
all Interest 
Periods) 
[Minimum]/
[Maximum 
Reference 
Rate] 
(Delete if 
Minimum/ 
Maximum 
Reference 
Rate is not 
applicable 
for all 
Interest 
Periods) 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s)]/[●] 
in each year 
[adjusted in 
accordance 
with [specify 
Business Day 
Convention]/
[not 
adjusted]] 
[Not 
Applicable]/
[+/-]/[●]per 
cent. per 
annum] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[Not 
Applicable
]/[+/-]/[●] 
per cent. 
per annum] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as 
required) 
 
(Insert table below if there is more than one Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate for different Interest Periods, 
as required) 
Interest Period End 
Date(s) 
Reference Rate 1 
(Insert for Range Accrual 
Notes if Minimum/Maximum 
Reference Rate is different for 
any Interest Period) 
Reference Rate 2 
(Insert for Range Accrual Notes if 
Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate is different 
for any Interest Period)

--- Page 877 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
877 
[Minimum/Maximum 
Reference Rate] 
(Delete if 
Minimum/Maximum 
Reference Rate is not 
applicable for all Interest 
Periods) 
[Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate] 
(Delete if Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate is 
not applicable for all Interest Periods) 
[insert date(s)] (repeat as 
required) 
[●]/[Not Applicable] (repeat 
as required) 
[●]/[Not Applicable] (repeat as required) 
 
(Insert the table below if the Interest Rate, the Barrier or the Upper Range and Lower Range is different for 
each Interest Period, as required) 
[Range Accrual Table] 
[Interest Period End 
Date(s) 
[Reference Observation]* 
[Interest Rate]* 
[Barrier] [Upper 
Range] 
[Lower Range] 
[insert date(s)] (repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat as required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required)] 
 
*Insert additional columns for “Interest Rate” and “Reference Observation” for each Interest Period if 
different 
(Insert table below into if Dual Reference Observation or Triple Reference Observation is applicable, and if the 
Interest Rate, Barrier 1 and Barrier 2, or the Upper Range 1 and Lower Range 1, Upper Range 2 and Lower 
Range 2, as applicable, is different for each Interest Period, as required) 
[Range Accrual Table] 
[Interest 
Period 
End 
Date(s) 
[Interest 
Rate] 
[Accrual Condition 1] 
[Accrual Condition 2] 
[Accrual Condition 3] 
[Barrier 1] 
[Lower 
Range 1] 
[Reference 
Observation 
1]* 
[Upper 
Range 1] 
[Barrier 2] 
[Lower 
Range 2] 
[Reference 
Observation 
2]* 
[Upper 
Range 2] 
[Barrier 3] 
[Lower 
Range 3] 
[Reference 
Observation 
3]* 
[Upper 
Range 3] 
[insert 
date(s)] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required)] 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required)] 
 
*Insert additional columns for “Reference Observation 1” under the heading “Accrual Condition 1”, 
“Reference Observation 2” under the heading “Accrual Condition 2” and “Reference Observation 3” under 
the heading “Accrual Condition 3”, for each Interest Period if different.

--- Page 878 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
878 
(Insert table below if “Lev”, Adj”, “RA Cap”, “RA Floor” and/or “Protection Level” are different for each 
Interest Period, as required 
[Range Accrual Table] 
Interest Period 
End Date(s) 
Lev 
Adj 
RA Cap 
RA Floor 
Protection 
Level 
[insert date(s)] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] 
(repeat as 
required)] 
 
(Insert if Reference Observation (or if Dual Reference Observation or Triple Reference Observation is 
applicable, Reference Observation 1 and Reference Observation 2) is different for each Interest Period) 
[Reference Observation Table] 
Reference Observation [1] [2] [3]* 
Reference Rate 1 
(repeat as required if more than one Reference Rate One) 
[Interest Period End 
Date(s)] 
[Specified Fixed 
Rate]/[Reference 
Rate]/[Floating Rate 
Option]/[Relevant 
Swap Rate] 
[Page] 
[Relevant Financial 
Centre] 
[Reset Date] 
[Interest 
Determination 
Date(s)] 
[Reference Banks] 
(Insert if Reference 
Rate is other than 
LIBOR, EURIBOR, 
BBSW or BKBM) 
[Specified 
Time/Relevant 
Time] 
[Interest Payment 
Date(s)]/[●] in each 
year [adjusted in 
accordance with 
[specify Business 
Day 
Convention]/[not 
adjusted]] (See 
General 
Condition 7(g) 
(Business Day 
Convention)) 
[Specified Fixed 
Rate: [●] % per 
annum] 
[Reference Rate: [●] 
month[s] [(the 
Designated 
Maturity) (include 
where Linear 
Interpolation is 
applicable)] [insert 
currency] 
[EURIBOR]/[LIBO
R]/[STIBOR]/[NIB
OR]/[CIBOR]/[ROB
OR]/[TIBOR]/[HIB
OR]/[BBSW (being 
the Sydney average 
mid rate for AUD 
bills of exchange)] 
[BKBM (being the 
Wellington rate for 
[●] 
[As defined in the 
General 
Conditions]/[●] 
[As defined in the 
General 
Conditions]/[●]

--- Page 879 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
879 
New Zealand Dollar 
bills of exchange)]] 
[Floating Rate 
Option: [●]] 
month[s] (the 
Designated 
Maturity) [●]] 
[Relevant Swap 
Rate: 
[month[s]/year[s]] 
(the Designated 
Maturity) 
[EUR/GBP/JPY 
10:00/JPY 
15:00/USD 
LIBOR/USD 
SOFR/Mid-Market] 
Swap Rate 
Reference Currency: 
[●]] 
[Reference Rate Ones] 
 
[Specified Fixed 
Rate]/[Reference 
Rate]/[Floating Rate 
Option]/[Relevant 
Swap Rate] 
[Page] 
[Relevant Financial 
Centre] 
[Reset Date] 
[Interest 
Determination 
Date(s)] 
[As defined in the 
General 
Conditions]/[●] 
[Reference Banks] 
(Insert if Reference 
Rate is other than 
LIBOR, EURIBOR, 
BBSW or BKBM) 
[Specified 
Time/Relevant 
Time] 
[As defined in the 
General 
Conditions]/[●] 
[Reference Rate Two]  
(repeat as required if more than one Reference Rate Two) 
 
[Specified Fixed 
Rate]/[Reference 
Rate]/[Floating Rate 
Option]/[Relevant 
Swap Rate] 
[Page] 
[Relevant Financial 
Centre] 
[Reset Date] 
[Interest 
Determination 
Date(s)] 
[As defined in the 
General 
Conditions]/[●] 
[Reference Banks] 
(Insert if Reference 
Rate is other than 
LIBOR, EURIBOR, 
BBSW or BKBM) 
[Specified 
Time/Relevant 
Time] 
[As defined in the 
General 
Conditions]/[●]

--- Page 880 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
880 
[Reference Rate Two] 
 
[Specified Fixed 
Rate]/[Reference 
Rate]/[Floating Rate 
Option]/[Relevant 
Swap Rate] 
[Page] 
[Relevant Financial 
Centre] 
[Reset Date] 
[Interest 
Determination 
Date(s)] 
[As defined in the 
General 
Conditions]/[●] 
[Reference Banks] 
(Insert if Reference 
Rate is other than 
LIBOR, EURIBOR, 
BBSW or BKBM) 
[Specified 
Time/Relevant 
Time] 
[As defined in the 
General 
Conditions]/[●] 
 
* Insert additional columns for Reference Observation 2 and/or Reference Observation 3 if different for each 
Interest Period 
18
Spread Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] [in each [year]/[month] from, and including, 
[●] to, and including, [●]] [adjusted in accordance 
with [specify Business Day Convention]/[not 
adjusted] [(See General Condition 7(g) (Business 
Day Convention))] 
 
(ii) Interest Period End Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)]/[●]] [in each 
[year]/[month] from, and including, [●] to, and 
including, [●]] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]/[not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 7(g) (Business Day 
Convention))] 
[As set out in the Rate Table] (Interest Period End 
Date(s) may be set out in a “Rate Table” if 
required) 
 
(iii) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual]/[(ICMA)]/[(ISDA)] 
 
[Determination Dates: [●] in each year (insert 
regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or scheduled maturity date in the case of 
a long or short first or last coupon. only 
applicable Actual/Actual]/[(ICMA).] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360]/[30/360] 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]/[1/1]

--- Page 881 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
881 
 
(iv) Margin(s) (Spread Interest Rate): 
[Not Applicable]/[+/-]/[[●] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Margin (Spread Interest Rate) if more 
than one by inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
(v) Relevant Spread Rate:  
[Option One]/[No Option One]/[Spread Cap] 
 
(vi) Interest Participation Rate(s) (Spread Interest 
Rate): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(specify 
each 
Interest 
Participation Rate (Spread Interest Rate) if more 
than one by inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
(vii) Spread Cap: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) V%: 
[●] 
 
(b) Multiplier: 
[●] 
 
(c) Spread Cap Margin: 
[Not Applicable]/[+/-]/[●] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Spread Cap Margin if more than one 
by inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
(d) Rate X: 
Spread Rate [1/2/3] 
 
(e) Rate Y: 
Spread Rate [1/2/3] 
 
(f) 
Rate Z: 
Spread Rate [1/2/3] 
 
(viii) Spread Rate 1: 
[Spread Reference Rate] [plus/minus] [Spread 
Rate 1 Margin]/[, and multiplied by Spread Rate 1 
Interest Participation Rate]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify whether the Spread Reference Rate for 
Spread Rate 1 is (i) one Reference Rate or (ii) the 
sum of two or more specified Reference Rates or 
(iii) Reference Rate One minus Reference Rate Two 
and, in each case, whether each such rate is (a) a 
Fixed Interest Rate, or (b) a Floating Interest Rate 
and whether General Screen Rate Determination, 
USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination, SONIA 
Screen Rate Determination, SOFR Screen Rate 
Determination, €STR Screen Rate Determination, 
SARON Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination, or (c) a CMS Interest Rate, and in 
all cases specify details of all other relevant terms 
for each such rate e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination 
Date, 
Margin, 
any 
Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or Maximum Reference Rate, by inserting the 
details set out in (xiv) below as sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph, as required) 
 
(a) Spread Rate 1 Margin: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(b) Spread Rate 1 Interest Participation 
Rate: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 882 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
882 
 
(ix) Spread Rate 2: 
[Spread Reference Rate] [plus/minus] [Spread 
Rate 2 Margin]/[, and multiplied by Spread Rate 2 
Interest Participation Rate]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify whether the Spread Reference Rate for 
Spread Rate 2 is (i) one Reference Rate or (ii) the 
sum of two or more specified Reference Rates or 
(iii) Reference Rate One minus Reference Rate Two 
and, in each case, whether each such rate is (a) a 
Fixed Interest Rate, or (b) a Floating Interest Rate 
and whether General Screen Rate Determination, 
USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination, SONIA 
Screen Rate Determination, SOFR Screen Rate 
Determination, €STR Screen Rate Determination, 
SARON Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination, or (c) a CMS Interest Rate, and in 
all cases specify details of all other relevant terms 
for each such rate e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination 
Date, 
Margin, 
any 
Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or Maximum Reference Rate, by inserting the 
details set out in (xiv) below as sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph, as required) 
 
(a) Spread Rate 2 Margin: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(b) Spread Rate 2 Interest Participation 
Rate: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(x) Spread Rate 3: 
[Spread Reference Rate] [plus/minus] [Spread 
Rate 3 Margin]/[, and multiplied by Spread Rate 3 
Interest Participation Rate]/[Not Applicable] 
(Specify whether the Spread Reference Rate for 
Spread Rate 3 is (i) one Reference Rate or (ii) the 
sum of two or more specified Reference Rates or 
(iii) Reference Rate One minus Reference Rate Two 
and, in each case, whether each such rate is (a) a 
Fixed Interest Rate, or (b) a Floating Interest Rate 
and whether General Screen Rate Determination, 
USD LIBOR Screen Rate Determination, SONIA 
Screen Rate Determination, SOFR Screen Rate 
Determination, €STR Screen Rate Determination, 
SARON Screen Rate Determination or ISDA 
Determination, or (c) a CMS Interest Rate, and in 
all cases specify details of all other relevant terms 
for each such rate e.g. any relevant Interest 
Determination 
Date, 
Margin, 
any 
Interest 
Participation Rate, any Minimum Reference Rate 
and/or Maximum Reference Rate, by inserting the

--- Page 883 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
883 
details set out in (xiv) below as sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph, as required) 
 
(a) Spread Rate 3 Margin: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(b) Spread Rate 3 Interest Participation 
Rate: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) Minimum Interest Rate (for the Spread 
Interest Rate): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) Maximum Interest Rate (for the Spread 
Interest Rate):  
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(Insert the following if any relevant rate is 
determined by reference to provisions relating to 
Spread Note or specified as Spread Reference 
Rate) 
 
(xiii) Spread Reference Rate: 
(Specify whether Spread Reference Rate is (i) one 
Reference Rate or (ii) the sum of specified 
Reference Rates or (iii) Reference Rate One minus 
Reference Rate Two and, in each case, whether 
each such rate is (a) a Fixed Interest Rate, or (b) a 
Floating Interest Rate and whether General Screen 
Rate Determination, USD LIBOR Screen Rate 
Determination, 
SONIA 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination, SOFR Screen Rate Determination, 
€STR Screen Rate Determination, SARON Screen 
Rate Determination or ISDA Determination, or (c) 
a CMS Interest Rate, and in all cases specify details 
of all other relevant terms for each such rate e.g. 
any relevant Interest Determination Date, Margin, 
any Interest Participation Rate, any Minimum 
Reference Rate and/or Maximum Reference Rate, 
by inserting the details set out in (xiv) below as 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph, as required) 
 
(xiv) Details of the Reference Rate(s) to be 
inserted: 
 
 
[If any Reference Rate is a Fixed Interest Rate, insert relevant sub-paragraphs from paragraph 
14, as required] 
 
(Insert if any Reference Rate is a Floating 
Interest Rate) [Method of Floating Rate 
Determination: 
[[General Screen Rate Determination]/[USD 
LIBOR Screen Rate Determination]/[SONIA 
Screen Rate Determination]/[SOFR Screen Rate 
Determination]/[€STR 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination]/[SARON 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination]/[ISDA Determination] applies]  
 
[Insert the relevant sub-paragraphs from paragraph 15] 
 
(Insert if any Reference Rate is a Floating 
Interest Rate and General Screen Rate 
Determination is applicable) [General 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 884 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
884 
 
[Insert the relevant sub-paragraphs from paragraph 15] 
 
(Insert if any Reference Rate is a Floating 
Interest Rate and ISDA Determination is 
applicable) [ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable: 2006 ISDA Definitions]/[Applicable: 
2021 ISDA Definitions]]  
 
 
(Insert if Reference Rate is a CMS Interest 
Rate) [CMS Interest Rate: 
[Single CMS Interest Rate]/[Worse of CMS 
Interest Rates]/[CMS Spread Interest Rate] 
 
[Insert the relevant sub-paragraphs from paragraph 16] 
 
(xv) Adjustment and Disruption provisions: 
 
 
(a) Electronic Page: 
[●]  
 
(b) Rate Valuation Time: 
[●] 
 
(c) Rate Scheduled Trading Day: 
[A Business Day]/[A day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in [●] (specify each)]/[A day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open]/[A U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day] 
 
(d) Adjustments to Note Valuation Date 
(Rate Scheduled Trading Days): 
[Preceding 
Rate 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day]/ 
[Modified Following Rate Scheduled Trading Day] 
 
(e) Correction Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Correction Period: 
[●] 
 
(f) 
Move in Block: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 885 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
885 
(Insert table below if Relevant Spread Rate, or the Margin (Spread Interest Rate), Interest Participation Rate 
(Spread Interest Rate), Minimum Interest Rate and/or Maximum Interest Rate in respect of the Relevant Spread 
Rate for each Interest Period is different) 
[Rate Table for Spread Notes] 
[Interest Period End 
Date(s)] 
[Relevant Spread Rate] 
(Insert if different for each 
Interest Period) 
[Margin (Spread 
Interest Rate)] 
(Insert if Margin 
(Spread Interest 
Rate) is different for 
each Interest 
Period) 
[Interest 
Participation Rate 
(Spread Interest 
Rate)] 
(Insert if Interest 
Participation Rate 
(Spread Interest 
Rate) is different for 
each Interest 
Period) 
[Minimum]/[Maximum 
Interest Rate] 
(Delete if 
Minimum/Maximum 
Interest Rate is not 
applicable for all Interest 
Periods) 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s)]/[●] in each year 
[adjusted in accordance 
with [specify Business 
Day 
Convention]/[not 
adjusted]] 
[No] [Option One]/ [Spread 
Cap] applicable 
[Not 
Applicable]/[+/-]/ 
[[●] per cent. per 
annum] (repeat as 
required) 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
 
(Insert table below if Spread Rate 1 Margin, Spread Rate 2 Margin, Spread Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate, 
Spread Rate 2 Interest Participation Rate, Minimum Reference Rate and/or Maximum Reference Rate for each 
Interest Period is different)

--- Page 886 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
886 
[Interest Period 
End Date(s)] 
[Spread Rate 1] 
[Spread Rate 2] 
[Spread Rate 3]* 
[Spread Rate 1 
Margin] 
[Spread Rate 1 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate] 
(Insert additional 
columns for 
Spread Rate 1 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate or Spread 
Rate 2 Interest 
Participation 
Rate if different 
for each Interest 
Period) 
[Minimum/Maxi
mum Reference 
Rate]* 
[Spread Rate 2 
Margin]* 
[Spread Rate 3 
Margin]* 
[Spread Rate 2 
Interest 
Participation 
Rate] [Spread 
Rate 3 Interest 
Participation 
Rate] 
(Insert additional 
columns for Spread 
Rate 1 Interest 
Participation Rate 
or Spread Rate 2 
Interest 
Participation Rate 
if different for each 
Interest Period) 
[Minimum/Maxim
um Reference 
Rate]* 
[insert date(s)] 
(repeat as required) 
+/- [specify] (repeat 
as required) 
[specify] (repeat 
as required) 
+/- [specify] 
(repeat as 
required) 
[specify] (repeat as 
required)] 
 
*Insert, if applicable, an additional column for “Spread Rate 3”, and additional columns for “Spread Rate 3 
Margin”, “Spread Rate 3 Interest Participation Rate” and/or “Minimum/Maximum Reference Rate” if different 
for each Interest Period. 
19
Inflation Linked Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] [in each [year] [month] from, and including, 
[●] to and including, [●]] [adjusted in accordance 
with [specify Business Day Convention]/[not 
adjusted] [(See General Condition 7(g) (Business 
Day Convention))] 
[As set out in the Rate Table] (specify each Interest 
Payment Date by inserting a Rate Table below) 
 
(ii) Interest Period End Date(s): 
[Each] [Interest Payment Date(s)]/[●]] [in each 
[year]/[month] from, and including, [●] to and 
including, [●]] [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention]/[not adjusted] 
[(See General Condition 7(g) (Business Day 
Convention))]]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 887 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
887 
 
(iii) Inflation Index: 
[●]  
 
(iv) Margin(s): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-]/[●] per cent. per annum] 
(specify each Margin if different for each Interest 
Payment Date by tabulating this information in a 
Rate Table below) 
 
(v) UCL Relevant Months Prior: 
[●] months 
 
(vi) UCL 12 + Relevant Months Prior: 
[●] months 
 
(vii) Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/Actual]/[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[1/1] 
 
(viii) Interest Participation Rate (IPR): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(specify 
each 
Interest 
Participation Rate if different for each Interest 
Payment Date by tabulating this information in a 
Rate Table below) 
 
(ix) Minimum Interest Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(specify each Minimum Interest Amount if different 
for each Interest Payment Date by tabulating this 
information in a Rate Table below) 
 
(x) Maximum Interest Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] [Not Applicable] 
(specify each Maximum Interest Amount if different 
for each Interest Payment Date by tabulating this 
information in a Rate Table below) 
 
(xi) Adjustment and Disruption provisions: 
 
 
(a) Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If applicable, a 
particular Fallback Bond may (but need not) be 
specified) 
 
(b) Revision of level of Inflation Index: 
[Revision]/[No Revision] 
(NB: If neither “Revision” nor “No Revision” is 
specified, “No Revision” will be deemed to apply)] 
 
(c) Reference Month(s): 
[In respect of a Note Valuation Date]/[●] 
 
(d) Manifest Error Cut-off Date: 
[2 Business Days prior to the [relevant] Payment 
Date]/[●] 
(NB: If no Manifest Error Cut-off Date is specified, 
the cut-off date will be 2 Business Days prior to any 
relevant Payment Date) 
 
(e) Revision Cut-off Date: 
[2 Business Days prior to the [relevant] Payment 
Date]/[●] 
(NB: If no Revision Cut-off Date is specified, the 
cut-off date will be 2 Business Days prior to any 
relevant Payment Date)

--- Page 888 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
888 
 
(Insert table below if there is more than one Margin, Interest Participation Rate or Minimum/Maximum Interest 
Rate (as applicable) for different Interest Periods, as required) 
[Rate Table] 
[Interest Period 
End 
Date(s)]/[Interest 
Payment Date(s)] 
[Specified Rate 1]/ 
[Specified Rate 2] 
[Margin] 
[Interest 
Participation 
Rate] 
[Minimum]/ 
[Maximum 
Interest 
Rate](Delete if 
Minimum/ 
Maximum Interest 
Rate is not 
applicable for all 
Interest Periods) 
[Minimum]/ 
[Maximum 
Reference 
Rate](Delete if 
Minimum/ 
Maximum 
Reference Rate is 
not applicable for 
all Interest Period) 
[Minimum]/ 
[Maximum 
Interest 
Amount](Insert for 
Inflation Linked 
Notes or Range 
Accrual Notes if 
the Minimum/ 
Maximum Interest 
Amount specified is 
different for each 
Interest 
Period/Interest 
Payment Date) 
[Interest 
Payment 
Date(s)]/[●] in each 
year [adjusted in 
accordance 
with 
[specify 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[not 
adjusted]] 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(repeat as required) 
[Not 
Applicable]/[+/-
]/[●] per cent. per 
annum] (repeat as 
required) 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable] (repeat 
as required) 
[●]/[Not 
Applicable] (repeat 
as required)

--- Page 889 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
889 
20
Notes linked to more than one Reference Item: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]  
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Adjustments 
to 
Note Valuation 
Dates 
(Scheduled Trading Days): 
[Move In Block]/[Value What You Can]/[Not 
Applicable]/[The provisions of General Condition 
5(j)(i) do not apply.]  
[Modified 
Following 
Scheduled 
Trading 
Day]/[Preceding Scheduled Trading Day] 
 
(ii) Adjustments to Note Valuation (Disrupted 
Days): 
[Move In Block]/[Value What You Can]/[Not 
Applicable]/[The provisions of General Condition 
5(j)(ii) apply] 
 
(iii) Valuation Roll: 
[●]/[Eight]/[Not Applicable] 
(If no Valuation Roll is stated, Valuation Roll will 
be equal to eight) 
(In the case of Range Accrual Notes, the provisions 
of 
General 
Condition 
5(e)(v)(C) 
(Interest 
Observation Date) will apply instead of this 
paragraph 20(iii))] 
21
Zero Coupon Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
22
Redemption at Maturity: 
 
 
(i) 
Redemption Amount: 
[●]/[[●] per Note]/[Maturity Redemption Amount] 
(include for Credit Linked Notes)] (Only include if 
Redemption at Maturity is specified as the Type of 
Redemption) 
23
[Redemption by Instalments: 
 
 
(i) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[As set out in Appendix 3 (Instalment Notes) 
hereto.] 
 
(ii) Instalment Amount(s): 
[As set out in Appendix 3 (Instalment Notes) 
hereto.]/[As set out in the Credit Linked 
Conditions.]] (Only include if Redemption by 
Instalments is specified as the Type of Redemption) 
24
Early Redemption: 
 
 
(i) 
Applicable Triggers: 
[Early Redemption for Taxation Reasons]/[Early 
Redemption following the occurrence of an 
Illegality]/[Early 
Redemption 
following 
the 
occurrence of an Early Redemption Event]/[Early 
Redemption following the occurrence of an Event 
of 
Default]/[Issuer 
Call]/[General 
Condition 
6(b)(vi) (Redemption or adjustment for benchmark 
events) (specify particular events that should 
trigger early redemption)]/[Realisation Disruption 
Event]/[Underlying RMB Currency Event]

--- Page 890 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
890 
 
(ii) [Early 
Redemption 
Amount]/[Optional 
Redemption Amount]: 
 
 
(a) Principal Amount plus accrued interest 
(if any) at maturity: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(b) For the purpose of General Condition 
6(b)(i) (Early Redemption for Taxation 
Reasons): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
[Fair Market Value] 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (specify if 
Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a 
broader calculation) is applicable)]  
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (specify if 
Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a 
broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any)] 
[Amortised Face Amount] (specify for Zero 
Coupon Notes) 
[●] (specify an amount only)  
[Additional Costs payable on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
(c) For the purpose of General Condition 
6(b)(ii) (Early Redemption following the 
occurrence of an Illegality): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
[Fair Market Value] 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (specify if 
Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a 
broader calculation) is applicable)]  
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (specify if 
Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a 
broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any)] 
[Amortised Face Amount] (specify for Zero 
Coupon Notes) 
[Additional Costs payable on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]]  
[●] (specify an amount only)  
 
(d) For the purpose of the General 
Condition 6(b)(iii) (Early Redemption 
following the occurrence of an Early 
Redemption Event): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(I) 
Early 
Redemption 
following 
Adjustment Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If applicable/not 
applicable depending on the particular Adjustment

--- Page 891 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
891 
Event, specify here which Adjustment Event is 
related to and replicate Early Redemption Amount 
below for each Adjustment Event if required) 
[If Applicable: 
[Fair Market Value] 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (specify if 
Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a 
broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (specify if 
Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a 
broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any)] 
[Amortised Face Amount] (specify for Zero 
Coupon Notes) 
[Additional Costs payable on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]]  
[●] (specify an amount only) 
 
(II) Hedging 
Disruption 
Early 
Termination Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
[Fair Market Value] 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (specify if 
Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a 
broader calculation) is applicable)]  
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (specify if 
Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a 
broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any)] 
[Amortised Face Amount] (specify for Zero 
Coupon Notes) 
[Additional Costs payable on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]]  
[●] (specify an amount only)  
 
(III) Section 871(m) Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
[Section 
871(m) 
(Hedging 
Positions): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
[Fair Market Value] 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (specify if 
Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a 
broader calculation) is applicable)]

--- Page 892 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
892 
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (specify if 
Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a 
broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any)] 
[Amortised Face Amount] (specify for Zero 
Coupon Notes) 
[Additional Costs payable on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]]  
[●] (specify an amount only) 
 
(IV) In respect of Inflation Linked 
Notes, the determination by the 
Calculation 
Agent 
that 
no 
Successor 
Index 
can 
be 
determined: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
[Fair Market Value] 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (specify if 
Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a 
broader calculation) is applicable)]  
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (specify if 
Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a 
broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any)] 
[Amortised Face Amount] (specify for Zero 
Coupon Notes) 
[●] (specify an amount only) 
[Additional Costs payable on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
(V) In respect of Inflation Linked 
Notes, the determination by the 
Calculation 
Agent 
that 
no 
adjustment can reasonably be 
made: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
[Fair Market Value] 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (specify if 
Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a 
broader calculation) is applicable)]  
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (specify if 
Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a 
broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any)] 
[Amortised Face Amount] (specify for Zero 
Coupon Notes) 
[●] (specify an amount only) 
[Additional Costs payable on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]]

--- Page 893 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
893 
 
(VI) Obligor Regulatory Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
[Fair Market Value] 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (specify if 
Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a 
broader calculation) is applicable)]  
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (specify if 
Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a 
broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any)] 
[Amortised Face Amount] (specify for Zero 
Coupon Notes) 
[●] (specify an amount only) 
[Additional Costs payable on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
(e) For the purpose of General Condition 
6(b)(iv) (Early Redemption following 
the occurrence of an Event of Default): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
[Fair Market Value] 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (specify if 
Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a 
broader calculation) is applicable)]  
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (specify if 
Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a 
broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any)] 
[Amortised Face Amount] (specify for Zero 
Coupon Notes) 
[●] (specify an amount only)  
[Additional Costs payable on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
(f) 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(I) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(II) Optional Redemption Amount: 
[●] per Note 
 
(III) If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(1) Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[●] per Note]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 894 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
894 
 
(2) Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[●] per Note]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(IV) Notice period: 
[As set out in General Condition 6(b)(v) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer)]/[Not less 
than [●] Business Days] 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different 
to those provided in the General Conditions, the 
Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example clearing systems (which require a 
minimum of 5 business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as 
any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent) 
 
(g) For the purpose of General Condition 
6(b)(vi) (Redemption or adjustment for 
benchmark events): 
[Fair Market Value] 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (specify if 
Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a 
broader calculation) is applicable)]  
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (specify if 
Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a 
broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any)] 
[Amortised Face Amount] (specify for Zero 
Coupon Notes) 
[●] (specify an amount only)  
[Additional Costs payable on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
(I) 
[Administrator/Benchmark Event 
(iii): 
[Not Applicable]] (Delete if not applicable) 
 
(II) Early 
Redemption 
following 
Administrator/Benchmark Event: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable] 
 
(III) [Reference Rate Event (Limb (iii)): 
[Not Applicable]] (Delete if not applicable) 
 
(IV) Pre-nominated 
Replacement 
Reference Rate(s):  
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(V) Reference Rate Early Redemption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(h) For the purpose of General Condition 
6(b)(vii) 
(Realisation 
Disruption 
Event): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[If Applicable: 
[Fair Market Value] 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (specify if

--- Page 895 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
895 
Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a 
broader calculation) is applicable)]  
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (specify if 
Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a 
broader calculation) is applicable)] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any)] 
[Amortised Face Amount] (specify for Zero 
Coupon Notes) 
[●] (specify an amount only)  
[Additional Costs payable on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
(i) 
For the purpose of General Condition 
6(b)(viii) (Occurrence of an Underlying 
RMB Currency Event): 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(Always 
Not 
Applicable for Index Skew Notes) 
[If Applicable: 
[Fair Market Value] 
[Deduction 
of 
Hedge 
Costs: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (specify if 
Fair Market Value (itself or as part of a 
broader calculation) is applicable)]  
[Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (specify if Fair 
Market Value (itself or as part of a broader 
calculation) is applicable)] 
[Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any)] 
[Amortised Face Amount] (specify for Zero 
Coupon Notes) 
[●] (specify an amount only)  
[Additional Costs payable on account of Early 
Redemption: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
Other provisions relating to an RMB Currency Event 
 
– 
[RMB Relevant Currency: 
[●] 
 
– 
RMB Relevant Currency Valuation 
Time: 
[●] 
 
– 
RMB Relevant Spot Rate Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
– 
RMB Settlement Centre: 
[[●] (Specify)]/[Hong Kong]]  
ADJUSTMENTS 
 
25
Adjustment Event 
 
 
(i) 
Change in Law: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) Hedging Disruption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) Increased Cost of Hedging: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) Increased Cost of Index Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 896 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
896 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
26
Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph 26) 
 
(i) 
2003 Reference Entity: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Delete if “2014 
Reference Entity” is Applicable) 
 
(ii) 2014 Reference Entity: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (Delete if “2003 
Reference Entity” is Applicable) 
 
(iii) Type of Notes: 
[Single Name Credit Linked Notes]/[Nth-to-
Default Basket Credit Linked Notes]/[Linear 
Basket Credit Linked Notes]/[Index Untranched 
Credit Linked Notes]/[Index Tranched Credit 
Linked Notes]/[Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked 
Notes]/[Local Access Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes]/[Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes] 
 
(iv) [Credit Event Redemption Method: 
[Auction 
Redemption]/[Cash 
Redemption]/[Physical 
Redemption]/[Fixed 
Recovery Redemption] 
 
[– 
Fallback Redemption Method: 
[Cash Redemption]/[Physical Redemption]/[Not 
Applicable]]] (Delete this row if not applicable) 
 
(v) [Risk Event Redemption Method: 
[LA 
Cash 
Redemption]/[LA 
Physical 
Redemption]/[LA Fixed Recovery Redemption]] 
(Delete this row if not applicable) 
 
(vi) [Fixed Recovery Percentage: 
[0 per cent.]/[[●] per cent.]/[100 per cent.]] (Delete 
this row if not applicable) 
 
(vii) [Credit Payment following Credit Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] (Delete this row if 
not applicable) 
 
(viii) [Credit Payment following Risk Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] (Delete this row if 
not applicable) 
 
(ix) [Credit Payment on Maturity: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]] 
 
[– 
Funding Interest Rate: 
[●] (Only include if ‘Credit Payment on Maturity’ 
is applicable)]] (Delete this row if not applicable) 
 
(x) Credit Event Backstop Date: 
[Trade Date]/[Issue Date]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] 
 
(xi) Interest Accrual on Default: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]/[[Not Applicable. 
The Notes are Zero Coupon Notes] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Notes)] 
 
(xii) No Interest Accrual on Default: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]/[[Not Applicable. 
The Notes are Zero Coupon Notes] (Specify for 
Zero Coupon Notes)] 
 
(xiii) Single Name Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 897 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
897 
 
– 
Reference Entity: 
[Specify] 
(Specify relevant information about the Reference 
Entity in paragraph 13 of Part B below.) 
 
– 
Standard Reference Obligation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
– 
Seniority Level: 
[Senior Level]/[Subordinated Level]/[Senior Non-
Preferred Level] 
 
– 
Reference Obligation: 
[Specify Reference Obligations, including a short 
description thereof if the Reference Entity is not a 
sovereign, where applicable] 
 
 
Primary obligor:  
[●] 
 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
 
Bloomberg Ticker: 
[●] 
 
 
Maturity: 
[●] 
 
 
Currency: 
[●] 
 
 
Governing law: 
[●] 
 
 
Listed on the following 
stock 
exchanges/Admitted to 
trading on the 
following markets 
[●] 
 
– 
Auction Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if ‘Auction 
Redemption’ is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method) 
 
– 
Auction Redemption Date: 
[[●] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
‘Auction Redemption’ is the Credit Event 
Redemption Method) 
 
– 
Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if ‘Cash 
Redemption’ is applicable) 
 
– 
Cash Redemption Date: 
[[●] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
‘Cash Redemption’ is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method or the Fallback Redemption Method)

--- Page 898 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
898 
 
– 
Unwind Costs: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] 
 
– 
[Final Auction Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions]] (Only include if ‘Auction 
Redemption’ and ‘Credit Payment on Maturity’ are 
applicable, otherwise delete row) 
 
– 
[Final Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions]] (Only include if ‘Cash 
Redemption’ and ‘Credit Payment on Maturity’ are 
applicable, otherwise delete row) 
 
(xiv) Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
– 
Reference Entities, Transaction Type 
and Seniority Level: 
As set out in Appendix 1 (Credit Linked Notes) 
hereto. 
 
– 
Nth Reference Entity: 
[Specify] 
 
– 
Standard Reference Obligation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]/[In respect of each 
Reference Entity, the obligation identified in 
respect of such Reference Entity in Appendix 1 
(Credit Linked Notes) hereto, where applicable] 
(Where 
applicable, 
specify 
Reference 
Obligation(s) in Appendix 1 (Credit Linked Notes) 
hereto if the fallback to a Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation under paragraph (c) of the definition of 
“Reference Obligation” is to apply. Insert the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation for each Reference 
Entity) 
 
– 
Reference Obligations(s): 
In respect of each Reference Entity, the obligation 
identified in respect of such Reference Entity in 
Appendix 1 (Credit Linked Notes) hereto, where 
applicable. 
 
– 
Auction Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if ‘Auction 
Redemption’ is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method) 
 
– 
Auction Redemption Date: 
[[●] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
‘Auction Redemption’ is the Credit Event 
Redemption Method)

--- Page 899 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
899 
 
– 
Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if ‘Cash 
Redemption’ is applicable) 
 
– 
Cash Redemption Date: 
[[●] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
‘Cash Redemption’ is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method or the Fallback Redemption Method) 
 
– 
Unwind Costs: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] 
 
– 
[Final Auction Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions]] (Only include if ‘Auction 
Redemption’ and ‘Credit Payment on Maturity’ are 
applicable, otherwise delete row) 
 
– 
[Final Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions]] (Only include if ‘Cash 
Redemption’ and ‘Credit Payment on Maturity’ are 
applicable, otherwise delete row) 
 
(xv) Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
– 
Reference Entities and Transaction 
Type, Reference Entity Weighting, 
Reference Entity Notional Amount and 
Seniority Level: 
As set out in Appendix 1 (Credit Linked Notes) 
hereto. 
 
– 
Standard Reference Obligations: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]/[In respect of each 
Reference Entity, the obligation identified in 
respect of such Reference Entity in Appendix 1 
(Credit Linked Notes) hereto, where applicable] 
(Where 
applicable, 
specify 
Reference 
Obligation(s) in Appendix 1 (Credit Linked Notes) 
hereto if the fallback to a Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation under paragraph (c) of the definition of 
“Reference Obligation” is to apply. Insert the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation for each Reference 
Entity) 
 
– 
Reference Obligations(s): 
In respect of each Reference Entity, the obligation 
identified in respect of such Reference Entity in 
Appendix 1 (Credit Linked Notes) hereto, where 
applicable.

--- Page 900 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
900 
 
– 
Auction Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if ‘Auction 
Redemption’ is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method) 
 
– 
Auction Redemption Date: 
[[●] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
‘Auction Redemption’ is the Credit Event 
Redemption Method) 
 
– 
Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if ‘Cash 
Redemption’ is applicable) 
 
– 
Cash Redemption Date: 
[[●] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
‘Cash Redemption’ is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method or the Fallback Redemption Method) 
 
– 
Unwind Costs: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] 
 
– 
[Final Auction Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions]] (Only include if ‘Auction 
Redemption’ and ‘Credit Payment on Maturity’ are 
applicable, otherwise delete row) 
 
– 
[Final Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions]] (Only include if ‘Cash 
Redemption’ and ‘Credit Payment on Maturity’ are 
applicable, otherwise delete row) 
 
(xvi) Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
– 
Index: 
[Specify relevant iTraxx® index Series [●] 
Version]/[Specify relevant CDX® index Series [●] 
Version] 
 
– 
Index Annex Date: 
[●] 
 
– 
Effective Date: 
[●] 
 
– 
Index Sponsor: 
[●] 
 
– 
Index Publisher: 
[●] 
 
– 
Reference Entities and Reference Entity 
Weightings: 
As set out in the Index Annex with the Index Annex 
Date specified hereto.

--- Page 901 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
901 
 
– 
Standard Reference Obligation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]/[In respect of each 
Reference Entity, as specified in the Index Annex 
with the Index Annex Date specified hereto, where 
applicable] 
 
– 
Reference Obligations: 
In respect of each Reference Entity, the obligation 
identified in respect of such Reference Entity in the 
Index Annex with the Index Annex Date specified 
hereto, where applicable. 
 
– 
Auction Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if ‘Auction 
Redemption’ is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method) 
 
– 
Auction Redemption Date: 
[[●] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
‘Auction Redemption’ is the Credit Event 
Redemption Method) 
 
– 
Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if ‘Cash 
Redemption’ is applicable) 
 
– 
Cash Redemption Date: 
[[●] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
‘Cash Redemption’ is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method or the Fallback Redemption Method) 
 
– 
Unwind Costs: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the 
Credit Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the 
Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
– 
[Final Auction Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions]] (Only include if ‘Auction 
Redemption’ and ‘Credit Payment on Maturity’ are 
applicable, otherwise delete row) 
 
– 
[Final Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions]] (Only include if ‘Cash 
Redemption’ and ‘Credit Payment on Maturity’ are 
applicable, otherwise delete row)

--- Page 902 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
902 
 
(xvii) 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
– 
Index: 
[Specify relevant iTraxx® index Series [●] 
Version]/[Specify relevant CDX® index Series [●] 
Version] 
 
– 
Index Annex Date: 
[●] 
 
– 
Effective Date: 
[●] 
 
– 
Index Sponsor: 
[●] 
 
– 
Index Publisher: 
[●] 
 
– 
Reference Entities and Reference Entity 
Weightings: 
As set out in the Index Annex with the Index Annex 
Date specified hereto. 
 
– 
Standard Reference Obligation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]/[In respect of each 
Reference Entity, as specified in the Index Annex 
with the Index Annex Date specified hereto, where 
applicable] 
 
 
– 
Reference Obligations: 
In respect of each Reference Entity, the obligation 
identified in respect of such Reference Entity in the 
Index Annex with the Index Annex Date specified 
hereto, where applicable. 
 
– 
Attachment Point: 
[●] per cent. 
 
– 
Exhaustion Point: 
[●] per cent. 
 
– 
Tranche Size: 
[●] per cent. (This is the Exhaustion Point minus 
the Attachment Point) 
 
– 
Implicit Portfolio Size: 
[●] (This is (a) the Original Aggregate Nominal 
Amount, divided by (b) the Tranche Size) 
 
– 
Loss Threshold Amount: 
[●] (This is the product of (a) the Implicit Portfolio 
Size and (b) the Attachment Point) 
 
– 
Recovery Threshold Amount: 
[●] (This is the product of (a) the Implicit Portfolio 
Size and (b) 100 per cent. minus the Exhaustion 
Point) 
 
– 
Settled Entity Matrix: 
[Specify name and date of matrix, as published, in 
Appendix 1 (Credit Linked Notes) hereto]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
– 
Settled Entity Incurred Loss Amount: 
[●]/[As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
– 
Settled Entity Incurred Recovery 
Amount: 
[●]/[As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
– 
Auction Redemption Date: 
[[●] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if

--- Page 903 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
903 
‘Auction Redemption’ is the Credit Event 
Redemption Method) 
 
– 
Cash Redemption Date: 
[[●] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
‘Cash Redemption’ is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method or the Fallback Redemption Method) 
 
– 
Index Tranched Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] 
 
– 
Unwind Costs: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] 
 
– 
[Index Tranched Final Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions]] (Only include if ‘Credit 
Payment on Maturity’ is applicable, otherwise 
delete row) 
 
(xviii) 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
– 
Index: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Reference Entities and Transaction 
Type, Reference Entity Weighting, 
Reference Entity Notional Amount and 
Seniority Level: 
As set out in Appendix 1 (Credit Linked Notes) 
hereto 
 
– 
Standard Reference Obligation: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]/[In respect of each 
Reference Entity, as specified in Appendix 1 
(Credit Linked Notes) hereto, where applicable] 
(Where 
Applicable, 
specify 
Reference 
Obligation(s) in Appendix 1 (Credit Linked Notes) 
hereto if the fallback to a Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation under paragraph (c) of the definition of 
“Reference Obligation” is to apply. Insert the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation for each Reference 
Entity) 
 
– 
Reference Obligations(s): 
In respect of each Reference Entity, the obligation 
identified in respect of such Reference Entity in 
Appendix 1 (Credit Linked Notes) hereto, where 
applicable. 
 
– 
Attachment Point: 
[●] per cent. 
 
– 
Exhaustion Point: 
[●] per cent. 
 
– 
Tranche Size: 
[●] per cent. (This is the Exhaustion Point minus 
the Attachment Point)

--- Page 904 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
904 
 
– 
Implicit Portfolio Size: 
[●] (This is (a) the Original Aggregate Nominal 
Amount, divided by (b) the Tranche Size) 
 
– 
Loss Threshold Amount: 
[●] (This is the product of (a) the Implicit Portfolio 
Size and (b) the Attachment Point) 
 
– 
Recovery Threshold Amount: 
[●] (This is the product of (a) the Implicit Portfolio 
Size and (b) 100 per cent. minus the Exhaustion 
Point) 
 
– 
Auction Redemption Date: 
[[●] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
‘Auction Redemption’ is the Credit Event 
Redemption Method) 
 
– 
Cash Redemption Date: 
[[●] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if 
‘Cash Redemption’ is the Credit Event Redemption 
Method or the Fallback Redemption Method) 
 
– 
Portfolio Tranched Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions]  
 
– 
Unwind Costs: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] 
 
– 
[Portfolio Tranched Final Redemption 
Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions]] (Only include if ‘Credit 
Payment on Maturity’ is applicable, otherwise 
delete row) 
 
(xix) Local Access Single Name Credit Linked 
Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
– 
Reference Entity: 
[●] 
 
– 
Reference Asset(s): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Reference Assets Call/Maturity Date: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Reference Assets Conditions Date: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Reference Assets Only Settlement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Applicable Principal Currency Amount: 
[●]/[The aggregate principal amount of Local 
Access Single Name Credit Linked Notes 
outstanding] 
 
– 
LCY Reference Amount: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
LA Relevant Currency: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Reference Custodian: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 905 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
905 
 
– 
Reference Jurisdiction: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Additional Risk Event: 
[Applicable: [Inconvertibility Event]/[Ownership 
Restriction 
Event]/[Settlement/Custodial 
Event]/[Non-Viability 
Trigger 
Event]/[Market 
Value Trigger Event – Market Value Trigger Level: 
[●] 
per 
cent. 
(Specify)]/[Reference 
Assets 
Restructuring Event]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Additional Risk Event Start Date: 
[Trade Date]/[Issue Date] 
 
– 
LA Interest Amount: 
[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions]/[●]/[ 
 
LA Interest 
Payment Date, in 
each case, subject as 
provided in the 
Credit Linked 
Conditions: 
LA Interest Amount: 
[●] 
[local currency 
amount] divided by 
the applicable FX 
Rate 
[●] 
[local currency 
amount] divided by 
the applicable FX 
Rate 
] 
 
– 
FX Forward Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the below sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
[LCY: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Reference Assets  
                  Forward Rate: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Reference Assets FX 
                  Forward Notional: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Reference Assets FX 
                  Forward Termination Date: 
[●]] 
 
– 
LA Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if ‘Cash 
Redemption’ is applicable) 
 
– 
LA Cash Redemption Date: 
[[●] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions]

--- Page 906 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
906 
 
– 
LA Physical Redemption Date: 
[[●] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if ‘LA 
Physical Redemption’ is the Credit Event 
Redemption Method) 
 
– 
[Final LA Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions]] (Only include if ‘Cash 
Redemption’ and ‘Credit Payment on Maturity’ is 
applicable, otherwise delete row) 
 
– 
Unwind Costs: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] 
 
– 
Tax Deduction Event – Interest: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Tax Deduction Event – Principal: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
remaining 
sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
– 
Reference Entities, Reference Assets, 
Reference Assets Call/Maturity Date, 
Reference Entity Weighting, Reference 
Entity Notional Amount, Reference 
Assets Coupon Payment Date and 
Reference Assets Conditions Date: 
As set out in the Reference Registry in Appendix 1 
(Credit Linked Notes) hereto. 
 
– 
Reference Assets Only Settlement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Reference Assets Only Settlement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Applicable Principal Currency Amount: 
[As set out in the Reference Registry in Appendix 
1 (Credit Linked Notes) hereto]/[The aggregate 
principal amount of Local Access Basket Credit 
Linked Notes outstanding] 
 
– 
Settlement Currency Principal Amount: 
[As set out in the Reference Registry in Appendix 
1 (Credit Linked Notes) hereto]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
LCY Reference Amount: 
[As set out in the Reference Registry in Appendix 
1 (Credit Linked Notes) hereto]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
LA Relevant Currency: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Reference Custodian: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Reference Jurisdiction: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Additional Risk Event: 
[Applicable: 
[Inconvertibility Event]/ 
[Ownership Restriction Event]/ 
[Settlement/Custodial Event]/

--- Page 907 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
907 
[Reference Assets Liquidation Value Trigger Event 
– Reference Assets Trigger Level: [●] per cent. 
(Specify)]/ 
[Non-Viability Trigger Event]/ 
[Market Value Trigger Event – Market Value 
Trigger Level: [●] per cent. (Specify)]/ 
[Reference Assets Restructuring Event]]/ 
[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Additional Risk Event Start Date: 
[Trade Date]/[Issue Date] 
 
– 
LA Interest Amount: 
[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Credit 
Linked 
Conditions]/[●]/[ 
LA Interest 
Payment Date, in 
each case, subject as 
provided in the 
Credit Linked 
Conditions: 
LA Interest 
Amount: 
[●] 
[local 
currency 
amount] divided by 
the applicable FX 
Rate 
[●] 
[local 
currency 
amount] divided by 
the applicable FX 
Rate 
] 
 
– 
FX Forward Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the below sub-paragraphs) 
 
[LCY: 
[●] 
 
Reference Assets Forward Rate: 
As set out in the Reference Registry in Appendix 1 
(Credit Linked Notes) hereto. 
 
Reference Assets FX Forward Notional: 
As set out in the Reference Registry in Appendix 1 
(Credit Linked Notes) hereto. 
 
Reference Assets FX Forward Termination 
Date: 
As set out in the Reference Registry in Appendix 1 
(Credit Linked Notes) hereto.] 
 
– 
LA Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] (Only include if ‘LA Cash 
Redemption’ is applicable) 
 
– 
LA Cash Redemption Date: 
[[●] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As per

--- Page 908 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
908 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if ‘LA 
Cash Redemption’ is applicable) 
 
– 
LA Physical Redemption Date: 
[[●] Business Days following the relevant date 
specified in the Credit Linked Conditions]/[As per 
the Credit Linked Conditions] (Only include if ‘LA 
Physical Redemption’ is the Credit Event 
Redemption Method) 
 
– 
[Final LA Cash Redemption Amount: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions]] (Only include if ‘Cash 
Redemption’ and ‘Credit Payment on Maturity’ is 
applicable, otherwise delete row) 
 
– 
Unwind Costs: 
[Specify if an alternative to that set out in the Credit 
Linked Conditions is to apply]/[As per the Credit 
Linked Conditions] 
 
– 
Tax Deduction Event – Interest: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Tax Deduction Event – Principal: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(v) Payment Failure Cut-Off Date: 
[As per the Credit Linked Conditions.]/[[●] 
Business Days following the later to occur of (a) 
any scheduled payment date or the (b) Scheduled 
Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date, as 
applicable] 
 
(vi) Physical Settlement Matrix Standard Terms: 
[Applicable: As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical 
Settlement Matrix), as amended pursuant to the 
relevant elections in this Part A (Contractual 
Terms)]2/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Transaction Type: 
[●] (Include if Physical Settlement Matrix Standard 
Terms are applicable)] 
 
(vii) [Physical Settlement Matrix Elections: 
Restructuring: [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
Monoline 
Supplement: 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable]] (Include where the Transaction Type 
is 
“Standard 
North 
American 
Corporate” 
otherwise delete.) 
 
2 
Drafting Note: Include the corresponding election from the relevant Schedule in Appendix 2. If the applicable “Transaction Type” is (i) 
Standard North American Corporate, see Schedule 1, (ii) Standard European Corporate/Standard European Financial Corporate/Standard 
European CoCo Financial Corporate/Standard European Senior Non-Preferred Financial Corporate/Standard European Limited Recourse 
Corporate, see Schedule 2, (iii) Standard Subordinated European Insurance Corporate, see Schedule 3, (iv) Standard Emerging European 
Corporate LPN, see Schedule 4, (v) Standard Emerging European Corporate, see Schedule 5, (vi) Standard Latin America Corporate B, see 
Schedule 6, (vii) Standard Latin America Corporate BL, see Schedule 7, (viii) Standard Australia Corporate/Standard Australia Financial 
Corporate, see Schedule 8, (ix) Standard New Zealand Corporate/Standard New Zealand Financial Corporate, see Schedule 9, (x) Standard 
Japan Corporate/Standard Japan Financial Corporate, see Schedule 10, (xi) Standard Singapore Corporate/Standard Singapore Financial 
Corporate, see Schedule 11, (xii) Standard Asia Corporate/Standard Asia Financial Corporate, see Schedule 12, (xiii) Standard Western 
European Sovereign, see Schedule 13, (xiv) Standard Latin America Sovereign, see Schedule 14, (xv) Standard Emerging European & Middle 
Eastern Sovereign, see Schedule 15, (xvi) Standard Australia Sovereign, see Schedule 16, (xvii) Standard New Zealand Sovereign, see 
Schedule 17, (xviii) Standard Japan Sovereign, see Schedule 18, (xix) Standard Singapore Sovereign, see Schedule 19, (xx) Standard Asia 
Sovereign, see Schedule 20, (xxi) Standard U.S. Municipal Full Faith and Credit, see Schedule 21, (xxii) Standard U.S. Municipal General 
Fund, see Schedule 22 and (xxiii) Standard U.S. Municipal Revenue, see Schedule 23.

--- Page 909 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
909 
 
(viii) Credit Event[(s)]: 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]2/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
– 
Default Requirement: 
[[●] or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation 
Currency]/[As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
– 
Notice of Publicly Available 
Information: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) Obligations: 
 
 
– 
Obligation Category: 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]2/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
– 
Obligation Characteristics: 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]2/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
– 
All Guarantees: 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]2/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
– 
Excluded Obligation: 
[Specify]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(x) Deliverable Obligations: 
 
 
– 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]2/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
– 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]2/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
– 
All Guarantees: 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]2/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
– 
Excluded Deliverable Obligation: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]2/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
(xii) Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]2/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)]

--- Page 910 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
910 
 
(xiii) 2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives 
Definitions 
(September 
15, 
2014): 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]2/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
(xiv) Monoline Supplement: 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]2/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
(xv) LPN Additional Provisions: 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]2/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
(xvi) Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]2/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
(xvii) 
2020 Additional Provisions for the 
Republic of Ecuador: Excluded Obligations 
and 
Excluded 
Deliverable 
Obligations 
(December 11, 2020): 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]2/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
(xviii) 
2020 Additional Provisions for the 
Argentine Republic: Excluded Obligations 
and 
Excluded 
Deliverable 
Obligations 
(September 16, 2020): 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]2/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
(xix) Hungary Additional Provisions: 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]2/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
(xx) Additional Provisions for the Russian 
Federation (August 13, 2004): 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]2/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
(xxi) Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September [19], 
2017): 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]2/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
(xxii) 
Additional Provisions for the Hellenic 
Republic (May 29, 2012): 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]2/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
(xxiii) 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA 
Credit Derivatives Definitions (September 
15, 2014): 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]2/[[Specify] (Include if Physical

--- Page 911 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
911 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
– 
[Trigger Percentage: 
[●]] 
 
(xxiv) 
Additional Provisions for Senior Non-
Preferred Reference Obligations (published 
on December 8, 2017): 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]2/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
(xxv) 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 
ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 
2019): 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]2/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
– 
Fallback Discounting: 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]2/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
– 
Credit Deterioration Requirement:  
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]2/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
(xxvi) 
2020 
Limited 
Recourse 
Additional 
Provisions (December 2, 2020): 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]2/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)] 
 
(xxvii) [2012 ISDA U.S. Municipal Reference 
Entity Supplement to the 2003 Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (March 5, 2012): 
[As set out in Appendix 2 (Physical Settlement 
Matrix) hereto]2/[[Specify] (Include if Physical 
Settlement Matrix Standard Terms are not 
applicable)]] (Include if “2003 Reference Entity” 
is applicable) 
 
(xxviii) Single 
Notifying 
Party 
Event 
Determination Date: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxix) 
Movement Option: 
[Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Full 
Transferable Obligation Applicable]/[Modified 
Restructuring 
Maturity 
Limitation 
and 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation Applicable] 
 
(xxx) 
Cash Redemption Terms: 
[Applicable 
[as 
Fallback 
Redemption 
Method]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Valuation Date[(s)]: 
[Single Valuation Date: 
Number of Business Days: [Specify]/[As per the 
Credit Linked Conditions]] 
[Multiple Valuation Dates: 
[●] Business Days and each [●] Business Days 
thereafter. [Number of Valuation Dates: [●]]] 
 
– 
Valuation Time: 
[●]/[As per the Credit Linked Conditions]

--- Page 912 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
912 
 
– 
Valuation Method: 
[Highest]/[Market]/[Average 
Highest]/[Average 
Market]/[Lowest] 
 
– 
Quotation Method: 
[Bid]/[Offer]/[Mid-market] 
 
– 
Quotation Dealers: 
[●]/[As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
– 
Accrued Interest: 
[Include Accrued Interest]/[Exclude Accrued 
Interest]/[As 
per 
Credit 
Linked 
Condition 
16(a)(ii)(III) (Determination of Final Price)] 
 
(xxxi) 
Physical Redemption Terms: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Physical Settlement Period: 
[[●] Business Days]/[As per the Credit Linked 
Conditions] 
 
– 
[Include Accrued Interest: 
Applicable](Delete this row if not applicable) 
 
– 
Fallback Cash Redemption: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xxxii) Partial Cash Redemption Terms/Fallback 
Cash Redemption Terms: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Valuation Time: 
[●]/[As per the Credit Linked Conditions] 
 
(xxxiii) Redemption Following Merger: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
– 
Merger Redemption Amount: 
[Early Redemption Amount]/[Each Note’s pro rata 
share of an amount (subject to a minimum of zero) 
equal to (i) the Outstanding Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the Credit Linked Notes minus (ii) the 
Unwind Costs, if any] 
 
(xxxiv) Settlement Currency: 
[●]/[As per the General Conditions] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INDEX SKEW NOTES 
27
Index Skew Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Hypothetical Skew Transactions: 
(a) Hypothetical 
Index 
Untranched 
Transaction;  
(b) Hypothetical Single Name Set. 
 
(ii) Index Skew Positions: 
The Issuer is the [[buyer]/[seller] (Delete as 
applicable)] of credit protection under the 
Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction.  
The Issuer is the [[buyer]/[seller] (Delete as 
applicable)] of credit protection under the 
Hypothetical Single Name Set. 
 
(iii) Hypothetical Swap Counterparty: 
[Citibank, N.A. (Specify the relevant branch, 
where 
relevant)]/[Citigroup 
Global 
Markets 
Limited]/[●] 
 
(iv) Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction 
General Terms: 
 
 
– 
Eligible Index: 
[[●] (Specify Index name)] Series [●] Version [●]

--- Page 913 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
913 
 
– 
Relevant Annex: 
[●] 
 
– 
Index Annex Date: 
[●] 
 
– 
Documentation Form: 
[[●] (Specify name of supplement, publisher and 
date of publication)] [incorporating the [●](Specify 
name of supplement, publisher and date of 
publication)] 
 
– 
Trade Date: 
[●] 
 
– 
Effective Date: 
[●] 
 
– 
Scheduled Termination Date: 
[●] 
 
– 
Original Notional Amount: 
[●] 
 
(v) Hypothetical 
Single 
Name 
Transaction 
General Terms: 
 
 
– 
Documentation Form: 
[Confirmation for use with Credit Derivatives 
Physical Settlement Matrix (version [●] – [[●] 
(Specify date of publication))] – 2014 Definitions 
Version] [and incorporating [[●] (Specify name of 
supplement, publisher and date of publication, if 
applicable)]] 
 
– 
Trade Date: 
[●] 
 
– 
Effective Date: 
[●] 
 
– 
Scheduled Termination Date: 
[●] 
 
– 
Matrix Publication Date: 
[Effective Date of the Eligible Index]/[●] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
28
Form of Notes: 
[Registered 
Notes]/[Regulation 
S 
Global 
Registered Note Certificate [(U.S.$[●] principal 
amount)] registered in the name of a nominee for 
[a 
common 
depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg]/Rule 
144A 
Global 
Registered 
Note 
Certificate 
[(U.S.$[●] principal amount)] registered in the 
name of a nominee for [DTC/ a common 
depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg])] 
 
 
[Swedish Notes - insert details (including details 
of the Swedish Notes Issuing and Paying Agent and 
the provisions of the Fiscal Agency Agreement 
which apply to the Notes)]] 
 
 
[Finnish Notes – insert details (including details of 
the Finnish Notes Issuing and Paying Agent]] 
29
New Safekeeping Structure: 
[Yes – New Safekeeping Structure applies]/[Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 914 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
914 
30
Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
 
 
(N.B. this paragraph relates to the definition of 
“Business Day”) 
31
Business Day Jurisdiction(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
(N.B. this paragraph relates to the date and place 
of payment) 
32
Redenomination: 
[Applicable: The provisions of General Condition 
17 (Redenomination) apply]/[Not Applicable] 
33
Further Issues of Notes: 
[The provisions of General Condition 13 (Further 
Issues) apply]/[Not Applicable] 
34
Name and address of Calculation Agent(s): 
[Citibank, N.A. (Specify relevant branch, if 
applicable)]/[Citigroup 
Global 
Markets 
Limited]/[Citigroup Global Markets Inc.] 
[Relevant Business: [●]] 
35
Determination Agent: 
[Citigroup Global Markets Limited]/[Citigroup 
Global Markets Inc.]/[Citigroup Global Markets 
Europe AG]/[●] 
36
Substitution provisions: 
[Applicable: The provisions of General Condition 
15 (Substitution of the Issuer, the CGMHI 
Guarantor 
and 
the 
CGMFL 
Guarantor) 
apply]/[Not Applicable]  
[If Applicable: 
 
– 
Additional requirements: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable: The provisions of 
General Condition 15(b)(ii) (Substitution of 
CGMFL and/or the CGMFL Guarantor) apply]] 
(Delete where the Substitution provisions are Not 
Applicable)]  
(Only include this row where CGMFL is the Issuer 
and delete this row where CGMHI is the Issuer) 
37
Determinations: 
 
 
(i) 
Standard: 
[Sole and Absolute Determination]/[Commercial 
Determination] 
 
(ii) Minimum Amount Adjustment Prohibition: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By:……………………………………………………. 
Duly authorised

--- Page 915 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
915 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING: 
 
Admission to trading and listing: 
[Application [has been/is expected to be] made by 
the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [specify relevant non-EEA 
regulated market (for example, the Global Exchange 
Market of Euronext Dublin) and, if relevant, listing 
on an official list (for example, the official list of 
Euronext Dublin)] with effect from on or around [
]]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
Tranche [] of the Notes has been admitted to trading 
on [specify relevant non-EEA regulated market (for 
example, the Global Exchange Market of Euronext 
Dublin) and, if relevant, listing on an official list (for 
example, the official list of Euronext Dublin)] with 
effect from [  ]] (Where documenting a fungible 
issue, need to indicate that original Notes are 
already admitted to trading) 
 
[Estimate of total expenses related to admission 
to trading: 
[●]] 
2
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
The Notes are [not] rated. [The rating of the Notes is: 
 
 
(i) 
[S&P: 
[●]] 
 
 
(ii) [Moody’s: 
[●]] 
 
 
(iii) [Fitch: 
[●]] 
 
 
(iv) [[Other]: 
[●]] 
 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published by 
the rating provider] 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency entity] is established in the European Union 
and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended). [As such [insert the legal 
name of the relevant credit rating agency entity] is 
included in the list of credit ratings agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-
and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with such 
Regulation.]] 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU credit 
rating agency entity] is not established in the 
European Union and is not registered in accordance 
with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended).

--- Page 916 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
916 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU credit 
rating agency entity] is therefore not included in the 
list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs in accordance with 
such Regulation.] 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU credit 
rating agency entity] is not established in the 
European Union and has not applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the “CRA Regulation”). The ratings have been 
endorsed by [insert the legal name of the relevant 
EU-registered credit rating agency entity] in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation. [Insert the 
legal name of the relevant EU-registered credit 
rating agency entity] is established in the European 
Union and registered under the CRA Regulation. [ As 
such [insert the legal name of the relevant EU credit 
rating agency entity] is included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by the European Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-
and-certified-CRAs in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation.]] The European Securities Markets 
Authority has indicated that ratings issued in 
[Japan/Australia/the 
USA/the 
UK/Canada/Hong 
Kong/Singapore/Argentina/Mexico/Brazil/South 
Africa (delete as appropriate)] which have been 
endorsed by [insert the legal name of the relevant 
CRA entity that applied for registration] may be used 
in the European Union by the relevant market 
participants.] 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU credit 
rating agency entity] is not established in the 
European Union and has not applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the “CRA Regulation”) but it [is]/[has applied to 
be] certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation 
[[EITHER:] and it is included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by the European Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-
and-certified-CRAs in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation] [[OR:] although notification of the 
corresponding certification decision has not yet been 
provided by the European Securities and Markets

--- Page 917 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
917 
Authority and [insert the legal name of the relevant 
non-EU credit rating agency entity] is not included 
in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation]. 
 
 
[[[Insert legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency] is established in the European Union and has 
applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended), although notification of the 
corresponding registration decision has not yet been 
provided by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority [and [insert the legal name of the relevant 
credit rating agency] is not included in the list of 
credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-
and-certified-CRAs 
in 
accordance 
with 
such 
Regulation].] 
 
 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU credit 
rating agency entity] is not established in the 
European Union and has not applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the “CRA Regulation”). However, the application 
for registration under the CRA Regulation of [insert 
the legal name of the relevant EU credit rating 
agency entity that applied for registration], which is 
established in the European Union, disclosed the 
intention to endorse credit ratings of [insert the legal 
name of the relevant non-EU credit rating agency 
entity][, although notification of the corresponding 
registration decision has not yet been provided by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority and 
[insert the legal name of the relevant EU credit 
rating agency entity] is not included in the list of 
credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-
and-certified-CRAs in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation].] 
 
 
The European Securities Markets Authority has 
indicated that ratings issued in [Japan/Australia/the 
USA/the 
UK/Canada/Hong 
Kong/Singapore/ 
Argentina/Mexico/Brazil/South Africa (delete as 
appropriate)] which have been endorsed by [insert 
the legal name of the relevant CRA entity that applied

--- Page 918 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
918 
for registration] may be used in the European Union 
by the relevant market participants.]] 
 
 
[If reference is made to the ratings of Citigroup Inc. 
then insert the legal name of the relevant credit 
rating agency entity and the status of its application 
under the CRA Regulation] 
 
 
[Include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider] 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.)  
3
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER] 
 
[Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the 
following statement: 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the distributor and save as discussed in “Subscription and Sale and Trasnfer 
and Selling Restrictions”]/[Save for any fees ([insert relevant fee disclosure] payable to [the 
Dealer[s]]/[the Distributors]/[●]]/[Save as discussed in [“Subscription and Sale and Transfer and Selling 
Restrictions”]], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest 
material to the Offer [. The [Dealers]/[Distributors] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the 
future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform 
other services for, the Issuer [and the CGMHI Guarantor] (Delete where the Issuer is CGMFL) [and the 
CGMFL Guarantor] (Delete where the Issuer is CGMHI) and [its]/[their] affiliates in the ordinary course 
of business - Amend as appropriate if there are other interests]]] 
 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation) 
4
[REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
 
(i) 
[Reasons for the Offer: 
[●] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base Prospectus 
– if reasons for offer different from the disclosure in 
the Base Prospectus will need to include those 
reasons here and also complete paragraphs (ii) and 
(iii) below)] 
 
(ii) [Estimated net proceeds:] 
[●] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will 
need to split out and present in order of priority. If 
proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed uses state 
amount and sources of other funding)] 
 
(iii) [Estimated total expenses:] 
[●]

--- Page 919 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
919 
(Expenses are required to be broken down into each 
principal intended “use” and presented in order of 
priority of such “uses”)] 
 
(It is only necessary to include disclosure of net proceeds and total expenses at paragraphs (ii) and (iii) 
above where reasons for the offer are different from making profit and/or hedging certain risks and such 
reasons are included at paragraph (i) above)] 
5
[YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only)60 
 
[Indication of yield]: 
[specify rate or range of rates] 
 
 
[Calculated as [include specific details of method of 
calculation in summary form] on the Issue Date]* 
 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future 
yield.] 
6
INFORMATION ABOUT [THE PAST AND FUTURE PERFORMANCE AND VOLATILITY OF 
THE OR EACH REFERENCE ITEM]/[AND]/[THE FLOATING RATE OF INTEREST] 
 
[Information about the past and future performance of the (or each) Reference Item is electronically 
available [free of charge]/[at a charge] from [the applicable Electronic Page(s) specified for such 
Reference Item in PART A above]/[●].] 
 
[Information relating to historic interest rates in the case of Floating Rate Notes is electronically available 
[free of charge]/[at a charge] from the relevant [Electronic Page]/[Page]/[●] 
 
(Include details about where information about the past and future performance of the (or each) 
Reference Item and its volatility can be obtained by electronic means, and whether or not it can be 
obtained free of charge.) 
7
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
 
EU Benchmarks Regulation: Article 29(2) 
statement on benchmarks: 
[Not Applicable] 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator 
legal name]] (Repeat as necessary) 
[As at the date hereof, [administrator legal name] 
[appears/does not appear] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by European Securities and Markets 
Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation] (Repeat as necessary) 
8
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
CUSIP: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
WKN: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Valoren: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
CFI: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
60 Drafting Note: this section only applies to listed Notes.

--- Page 920 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
920 
 
FISN: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(If the CFI and/or FISIN is not required, requested 
or available, it/they should be specified to be “Not 
Applicable”) 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
Bank S.A./N.V., Clearstream Banking S.A. and 
DTC and the relevant identification number(s) 
and details relating to the relevant depositary, if 
applicable: 
[Not Applicable]/[give name(s) and number(s)] [and 
references to the [Relevant Clearing System/[●]] 
shall be deemed to be references to such clearing 
system] 
[The Notes will be accepted for settlement in 
Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited (“CREST”) via the 
CREST Depository Interest (CDI) mechanism.] 
 
 
[Euroclear Sweden AB]/[Euroclear Finland Oy] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [versus]/[free of] payment 
 
Names and address of the Swedish Notes 
Issuing and Paying Agent (if any): 
Citibank Europe plc (Sweden Branch), Stockholm, 
Sweden]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Names and address of the Finnish Notes Issuing 
and Paying Agent (if any): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[●]/[Not Applicable]  
 
Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper[, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper, that is, held 
under the New Safekeeping Structure,] [Include this 
text for Registered Notes which are to be held under 
the New Safekeeping Structure or NSS] and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intraday credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the European 
Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met]/[Not Applicable] 
9
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated]/[Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) If syndicated, names [and addresses of the 
Lead Manager and the other Managers and 
underwriting commitments]*: 
[Not Applicable]/[give names, addresses and 
underwriting commitments] 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and 
names and addresses of the entities agreeing to place 
the issue without a firm commitment or on a “best 
efforts” basis if such entities are not the same as the 
Managers)

--- Page 921 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
921 
 
(iii) [Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[Not Applicable]/[●]] 
 
(iv) If non-syndicated, name and address of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable]/[give name and address] 
 
(v) [Total commission and concession: 
[None]/ 
[[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount]/ 
[[●] per cent. per Note]/ 
[No commissions and concessions are payable by the 
Issuer to the Dealer. The [(specify type of fee or 
commission)] payable by the Dealer to any 
distributor is [●] [of the Aggregate Principal 
Amount]/[per Note]. Investors can obtain more 
information about the fee by contacting the Dealer at 
the address set out herein] 
 
(vi) Prohibition of Sales to Swiss Private 
Clients: 
Applicable 
 
(vii) Prohibition of Sales to EEA or UK Retail 
Investors: 
 
 
– 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable, other than with 
respect to offers of the Notes in [specify 
jurisdiction(s) for which a PRIIPs KID is being 
prepared] [during the period[s] [●]-[●] (repeat as 
necessary)]] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If 
the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and 
no key information document will be prepared other 
than in the relevant specified jurisdiction(s) for the 
relevant specified period(s), “Applicable” should be 
specified and details provided accordingly) 
 
– 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Not Applicable]/[Applicable, other than with 
respect to offers of the Notes during the period[s] 
[●]-[●] (repeat as necessary)] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If 
the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and 
no key information document will be prepared other 
than in the relevant specified jurisdiction(s) for the 
relevant specified period(s), “Applicable” should be 
specified and details provided accordingly) 
 
(viii) Prohibition of sales to consumers in 
Belgium: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
10
UNITED STATES TAX CONSIDERATIONS  
 
[The Notes are Non-U.S. Notes].

--- Page 922 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
922 
 
The Issuer intends to treat the Notes as [debt]/[prepaid forward contracts with associated payments] for 
U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 
[Section 871(m): 
 
(Use this paragraph if the Section 871(m) determinations are final.) [The Issuer has determined that the 
Notes are Specified ELIs based on either the “delta” test or the “substantial equivalence” test, as indicated 
in the table below. Please see the table below for additional information with respect to Section 871(m), 
including information necessary to calculate the amounts of dividend equivalents for the Notes.]/[The 
Issuer has determined that the Notes are Specified ELIs because (i) the Issue Date for the Notes is prior 
to 2025 and (ii) the Notes have a “delta” of one.]/[The Issuer has determined that the underlying asset(s) 
consist solely of one or more Qualified Indices and/or Qualified Index Securities and, therefore, that the 
Notes are not Specified ELIs.]/[The Issuer has determined that the underlying asset(s) consist solely of 
one or more indices whose sole U.S. equity components are Qualified Indices and/or Qualified Index 
Securities and, therefore, that the Notes are not Specified ELIs.]/[The Issuer has determined that the Notes 
are not Specified ELIs based on either the “delta” test or the “substantial equivalence” test, as indicated 
in the table below.]/[The Issuer has determined that the Notes are not Specified ELIs because (i) the Issue 
Date for the Notes is prior to 2025 and (ii) the Notes do not have a “delta” of one.]/[The Issuer has 
determined that the Notes are not Specified ELIs for the purpose of Section 871(m).] [Additional Section 
871(m) Information: [●]] 
 
(Use this paragraph instead if the Section 871(m) determinations are indicative and will be updated at 
issuance.) [The following is based on information available as of the date of this Pricing Supplement. 
[The Issuer would treat the Notes as Specified ELIs based on either the “delta” test or the “substantial 
equivalence” test, as indicated in the table below. Please see the table below for additional information 
with respect to Section 871(m), including information necessary to calculate the amounts of dividend 
equivalents for the Notes.]/[The Issuer would treat the Notes as Specified ELIs because (i) the Issue Date 
for the Notes is prior to 2025 and (ii) the Notes have a “delta” of one.]/[The Issuer would not treat the 
Notes as Specified ELIs because the underlying asset(s) consist solely of one or more Qualified Indices 
and/or Qualified Index Securities.]/[The Issuer would not treat the Notes as Specified ELIs because the 
underlying asset(s) consist solely of one or more indices whose sole U.S. equity components are Qualified 
Indices and/or Qualified Index Securities.]/[The Issuer would not treat the Notes as Specified ELIs based 
on either the “delta” test or the “substantial equivalence” test, as indicated in the table below.]/[The Issuer 
would not treat the Notes as Specified ELIs because (i) the Issue Date for the Notes is prior to 2025 and 
(ii) the Notes do not have a “delta” of one.] [Additional Section 871(m) Information: [●]] This 
information is indicative. [If the Issuer’s determination as of the time the Notes are issued is 
different, it will give notice updating its determination based on circumstances at the time the Notes 
are issued.]/[Please contact [●]] for further information regarding the application of Section 871(m) 
to the Notes.]/[specify other]. By acquiring a Note, a holder agrees to the Issuer’s method of 
providing information required under Section 871(m). 
 
(Include table below if (i) the Notes are Specified ELIs, or (ii) the Notes are not Specified ELIs based on 
either the “delta” test or the “substantial equivalence” test.)  
 
Underlying 
Asset 
Underlying 
Securities 
(Y/N) 
Qualified 
Index/Quali
fied Index 
Security 
(Y/N) 
Simple 
Contract 
(Y/N) 
Delta (if 
Simple 
Contract) 
Substantial 
Equivalence 
Test (if not a 
Simple 
Contract) 
Number of 
Shares 
Multiplied 
by Delta (if 
Simple 
Contract) 
Initial 
Hedge (if 
applicable)

--- Page 923 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
923 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
11
[EXAMPLES TO EXPLAIN HOW THE VALUE OF THE INVESTMENT IS AFFECTED BY 
THE VALUE OF THE REFERENCE ITEM(S) 
 
THE SCENARIO[S] AND FIGURES PRESENTED BELOW ARE FOR ILLUSTRATIVE PURPOSES 
ONLY. THE EXAMPLE[S] SHOWN BELOW MAY NOT HAVE AN EQUAL LIKELIHOOD OF 
OCCURRENCE. THE [INTEREST AMOUNT[S]] [AND] [EARLY REDEMPTION AMOUNT AND] 
REDEMPTION AMOUNT IN RESPECT OF EACH NOTE WILL BE CALCULATED IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES AS SET OUT IN THE “TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES” IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS AND THE PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
IN PART A ABOVE. THE ISSUER[, GUARANTOR] AND DEALER MAKE NO REPRESENTATION 
THAT ANY OF THE SCENARIOS PROVIDED BELOW WILL OCCUR. 
 
[include examples of complex derivatives securities (if appropriate) to provide a clear and comprehensive 
explanation to help investors understand how the value of their investment is affected by the value of the 
Reference Item(s)]] 
 
(Delete this paragraph if not applicable) 
12
[CREDIT LINKED NOTES INFORMATION 
 
As at the Issue Date, information in relation to the past and future performance of [[the]/[each] Reference 
Entity] specified above is available [free of charge]/[at a charge] from [internationally recognised 
electronically displayed sources such as Bloomberg and any web-site of such Reference Entity]. 
(Repeat for each Reference Entity as applicable)] 
 
(Credit Linked Notes listed on the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin only) 
 
Notes: 
* 
Delete if the minimum denomination is greater than or equal to EUR100,000 (or its equivalent) 
** 
Delete if the minimum denomination is less than EUR100,000 (or its equivalent)

--- Page 924 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
924 
[ANNEX 
SUMMARY OF THE NOTES 
(insert completed Summary for the Notes where the denomination of the Notes is less than EUR100,000)]

--- Page 925 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
925 
APPENDIX 1 – CREDIT LINKED NOTES 
[Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes] 
Reference Entity: 
Transaction Type: 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation: 
Reference 
Obligations: 
Seniority Level: 
[●] 
[●] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify Reference 
Obligations, where 
applicable 
including a short 
description thereof 
if the Reference 
Entity is not a 
sovereign] 
[Senior Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
[Senior Non-
Preferred Level] 
[●] 
[●] 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify Reference 
Obligations, where 
applicable, 
including a short 
description thereof 
if the Reference 
Entity is not a 
sovereign] 
[Senior Level] 
[Subordinated 
Level] 
[Senior Non-
Preferred Level] 
 
(Repeat rows as necessary) 
(Specify relevant information about the Reference Entities in paragraph 12 of Part B above) 
[Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes]/[Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes] 
Reference 
Entity and 
Transaction 
Type: 
Reference 
Entity 
Weighting: 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation: 
Reference 
Obligations: 
Reference 
Entity 
Notional 
Amount: 
Seniority 
Level: 
[●] 
[●] 
[Applicable]/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
including a 
short 
description 
thereof if the 
Reference 
Entity is not a 
sovereign, 
where 
applicable] 
[●] 
[Senior Level]/ 
[Subordinated 
Level] /[Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level]

--- Page 926 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
926 
Reference 
Entity and 
Transaction 
Type: 
Reference 
Entity 
Weighting: 
Standard 
Reference 
Obligation: 
Reference 
Obligations: 
Reference 
Entity 
Notional 
Amount: 
Seniority 
Level: 
[●] 
[●] 
[Applicable]/[N
ot Applicable] 
[Specify 
Reference 
Obligations, 
including a 
short 
description 
thereof if the 
Reference 
Entity is not a 
sovereign, 
where 
applicable] 
[●] 
[Senior Level]/ 
[Subordinated 
Level] /[Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Level] 
 
(Repeat rows as necessary) 
(Specify relevant information about the Reference Entities in paragraph 12 of Part B above) 
[Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes] – Settled Entity Matrix  
The table below reflects data from the Settled Entity Matrix as at Index Annex Date. 
Settled Entity:  
Weighted Average Final Price: 
Weighting: 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
[Specify] 
(Repeat rows as necessary)

--- Page 927 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
927 
 
[Local Access Basket Credit Linked Notes]  
Referenc
e Entity: 
Refere
nce 
Assets: 
Reference 
Assets 
Call/Maturity 
Date: 
Referenc
e Entity 
Weighti
ng: 
Reference 
Entity 
Notional 
Amount: 
Reference 
Assets 
Coupon 
Payment 
Date: 
Reference 
Assets 
Condition
s Date: 
Settlemen
t 
Currency 
Principal 
Amount: 
LCY 
Reference 
Amount: 
Transactio
n Type: 
Referen
ce 
Obligati
ons: 
Seniority 
Level: 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[Specify 
Referenc
e 
Obligati
ons, 
where 
applicabl
e 
including 
a short 
descripti
on 
thereof if 
the 
Referenc
e Entity 
is not a 
sovereig
n] 
[Senior 
Level] 
[Subordina
ted Level] 
[Senior 
Non-
Preferred 
Level] 
 
(Repeat rows as necessary)

--- Page 928 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
928 
Reference Assets 
Forward Rate: 
Reference Assets 
FX Forward 
Notional: 
Reference Assets 
FX Forward 
Termination Date: 
 
 
 
 
(Repeat rows as necessary)

--- Page 929 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
929 
APPENDIX 2 – PHYSICAL SETTLEMENT MATRIX

--- Page 930 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
930 
 
SCHEDULE [1]3 
STANDARD NORTH AMERICAN CORPORATE4 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD NORTH AMERICAN 
CORPORATE 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
Restructuring, if specified as applicable in the relevant 
Issue Terms. 
 Mod R Applicable. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
None. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Contingent, if “2003 Reference Entity” is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Not Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable unless otherwise specified as Applicable 
in the relevant Issue Terms. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
 
3 
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets.  
4 
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is “Standard North American Corporate”, otherwise delete this Schedule 1 in its entirety.

--- Page 931 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
931 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD NORTH AMERICAN 
CORPORATE 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Russian Federation 
(August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September [19], 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Hellenic Republic 
(May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred 
Reference Obligations (published on December 8, 
2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 932 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
932 
SCHEDULE [2]5 
[STANDARD EUROPEAN CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN FINANCIAL 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN COCO FINANCIAL 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN SENIOR NON PREFERRED FINANCIAL 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN LIMITED RECOURSE CORPORATE]6 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]/[STANDARD 
EUROPEAN COCO FINANCIAL 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
SENIOR NON PREFERRED FINANCIAL 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
LIMITED RECOURSE CORPORATE]7 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
Restructuring. 
 Mod Mod R Applicable. 
If the Transaction Type is a Financial Transaction 
Type: Governmental Intervention. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
None. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Contingent, if “2003 Reference Entity” is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
If the Transaction Type is a Financial Transaction 
Type, Applicable, otherwise Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
 
5 
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets.  
6 
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is any of (i) “Standard European Corporate”, (ii) “Standard European Financial Corporate”, 
(iii) “Standard European CoCo Financial Corporate”, (iv) “Standard European Senior Non Preferred Financial Corporate” or (v) “Standard 
European Limited Recourse Corporate”, otherwise delete this Schedule 2 in its entirety.  
7 
Drafting Note: Include as applicable.

--- Page 933 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
933 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]/[STANDARD 
EUROPEAN COCO FINANCIAL 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
SENIOR NON PREFERRED FINANCIAL 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
LIMITED RECOURSE CORPORATE]7 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of Ukraine: 
Excluded Obligations and Excluded Deliverable 
Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Russian Federation 
(August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September [19], 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Hellenic Republic 
(May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Applicable if the Transaction Type is “Standard 
European CoCo Financial Corporate” or “European 
CoCo Financial Corporate”, otherwise Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred 
Reference Obligations (published on December 8, 
2017): 
Applicable if the Transaction Type is “Standard 
European Senior Non Preferred Financial Corporate” 
or “European Senior Non Preferred Financial 
Corporate”, otherwise Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable.

--- Page 934 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
934 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]/[STANDARD 
EUROPEAN COCO FINANCIAL 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
SENIOR NON PREFERRED FINANCIAL 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD EUROPEAN 
LIMITED RECOURSE CORPORATE]7 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Applicable if the Transaction Type is “Standard 
European Limited Recourse Corporate” or “European 
Limited Recourse Corporate”, otherwise Not 
Applicable.

--- Page 935 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
935 
SCHEDULE [3]8 
STANDARD SUBORDINATED EUROPEAN INSURANCE CORPORATE9 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD SUBORDINATED EUROPEAN 
INSURANCE CORPORATE 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
Restructuring. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
None. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Contingent, if “2003 Reference Entity” is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
 
8 
Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
9 
Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is “Standard Subordinated European Insurance Corporate”, otherwise delete this Schedule 3 in 
its entirety.

--- Page 936 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
936 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD SUBORDINATED EUROPEAN 
INSURANCE CORPORATE 
Additional Provisions for the Russian Federation 
(August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September [19], 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Hellenic Republic 
(May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred 
Reference Obligations (published on December 8, 
2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 937 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
937 
SCHEDULE [4]10 
STANDARD EMERGING EUROPEAN CORPORATE LPN11 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD EMERGING EUROPEAN 
CORPORATE LPN 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
 Grace Period Extension: Applicable. 
Obligation Acceleration. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
 Multiple Holder Obligation: 
(a) Not Applicable with respect to Obligation 
Category “Bonds”. 
(b) Applicable 
with 
respect 
to 
Obligation 
Category “Loans”. 
Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Domestic Currency. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Not Contingent, if “2003 Reference Entity” is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Transferable. 
Not Bearer. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Not Domestic Law. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
 
10 Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets.  
11 Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is “Standard Emerging European Corporate LPN”, otherwise delete this Schedule 4 in its 
entirety.

--- Page 938 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
938 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD EMERGING EUROPEAN 
CORPORATE LPN 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Russian Federation 
(August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September [19], 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Hellenic Republic 
(May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred 
Reference Obligations (published on December 8, 
2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 939 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
939 
SCHEDULE [5]12 
STANDARD EMERGING EUROPEAN CORPORATE13 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD EMERGING EUROPEAN 
CORPORATE 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
 Grace Period Extension: Applicable. 
Obligation Acceleration. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
 Multiple Holder Obligation: 
(a) Not Applicable with respect to Obligation 
Category “Bonds”. 
(b) Applicable 
with 
respect 
to 
Obligation 
Category “Loans”. 
Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Domestic Currency. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Not Contingent, if “2003 Reference Entity” is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Transferable. 
Not Bearer. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Not Domestic Law. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
 
12 Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets.  
13 Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is “Standard Emerging European Corporate”, otherwise delete this Schedule 5 in its entirety.

--- Page 940 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
940 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD EMERGING EUROPEAN 
CORPORATE 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Russian Federation 
(August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September [19], 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Hellenic Republic 
(May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred 
Reference Obligations (published on December 8, 
2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 941 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
941 
SCHEDULE [6]14 
STANDARD LATIN AMERICA CORPORATE B15 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD LATIN AMERICA CORPORATE B 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
 Grace Period Extension: Applicable. 
Obligation Acceleration. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
 Multiple Holder Obligation: Not Applicable. 
Obligation Category: 
Bond. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Domestic Currency. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Contingent, if “2003 Reference Entity” is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Transferable. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
 
14 Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets.  
15 Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is “Standard Latin America Corporate B”, otherwise delete this Schedule 6 in its entirety.

--- Page 942 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
942 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD LATIN AMERICA CORPORATE B 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Russian Federation 
(August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September [19], 2017): 
Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Hellenic Republic 
(May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred 
Reference Obligations (published on December 8, 
2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 943 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
943 
SCHEDULE [7]16 
STANDARD LATIN AMERICA CORPORATE BL17 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD LATIN AMERICA CORPORATE 
BL 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
 Grace Period Extension: Applicable. 
Obligation Acceleration. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Not Sovereign Lender. 
Not Domestic Currency. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Sovereign Lender. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Contingent, if “2003 Reference Entity” is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
 
16 Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets.  
17 Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is “Standard Latin America Corporate BL”, otherwise delete this Schedule 7 in its entirety.

--- Page 944 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
944 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD LATIN AMERICA CORPORATE 
BL 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Russian Federation 
(August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September [19], 2017): 
Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Hellenic Republic 
(May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred 
Reference Obligations (published on December 8, 
2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 945 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
945 
SCHEDULE [8]18 
[STANDARD AUSTRALIA CORPORATE]/[STANDARD AUSTRALIA FINANCIAL 
CORPORATE]19 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD AUSTRALIA 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD AUSTRALIA 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]20 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
Restructuring. 
 Mod R Applicable. 
If the Transaction Type is the Financial Transaction 
Type: Governmental Intervention. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
None. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency: Standard Specified Currencies & 
Domestic Currency. 
Not Contingent, if “2003 Reference Entity” is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
If the Transaction Type is the Financial Transaction 
Type, Applicable, otherwise Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
 
18 Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets.  
19 Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is (i) “Standard Australia Corporate” or (ii) “Standard Australia Financial Corporate”, otherwise 
delete this Schedule 8 in its entirety.  
20 Drafting Note: Include as applicable.

--- Page 946 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
946 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD AUSTRALIA 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD AUSTRALIA 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]20 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Russian Federation 
(August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September [19], 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Hellenic Republic 
(May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred 
Reference Obligations (published on December 8, 
2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 947 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
947 
SCHEDULE [9]21 
[STANDARD NEW ZEALAND CORPORATE]/[STANDARD NEW ZEALAND 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]22 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD NEW ZEALAND 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD NEW ZEALAND 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]23 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
Restructuring. 
 Mod R Applicable. 
If the Transaction Type is the Financial Transaction 
Type: Governmental Intervention. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
None. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency: Standard Specified Currencies & 
Domestic Currency. 
Not Contingent, if “2003 Reference Entity” is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
If the Transaction Type is the Financial Transaction 
Type, Applicable, otherwise Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
 
21 Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets.  
22 Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is (i) “Standard New Zealand Corporate” or (ii) “Standard New Zealand Financial Corporate”, 
otherwise delete this Schedule 9 in its entirety.  
23 Drafting Note: Include as applicable.

--- Page 948 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
948 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD NEW ZEALAND 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD NEW ZEALAND 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]23 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of Ukraine: 
Excluded Obligations and Excluded Deliverable 
Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Russian Federations 
(August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September [19], 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Hellenic Republic 
(May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred 
Reference Obligations (published on December 8, 
2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 949 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
949 
SCHEDULE [10]24 
[STANDARD JAPAN CORPORATE]/[STANDARD JAPAN FINANCIAL CORPORATE]25 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD JAPAN 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD JAPAN 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]26 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
 Payment Requirement: If the Floating Rate Payer 
Calculation Amount is in JPY, JPY 100,000,000 or 
its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency 
as of the occurrence of the relevant Failure to Pay. 
In all other cases, USD 1,000,000 or its equivalent 
in the relevant Obligation Currency as of the 
occurrence of the relevant Failure to Pay. 
Restructuring. 
 Multiple Holder Obligation: Not Applicable 
 Default Requirement: If the Floating Rate Payer 
Calculation Amount is in JPY, JPY 1,000,000,000 
or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation 
Currency as of the occurrence of the relevant 
Credit Event. In all other cases, USD 10,000,000 or 
its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency 
as of the occurrence of the relevant Credit Event. 
If the Transaction Type is the Financial Transaction 
Type: Governmental Intervention. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Contingent, if “2003 Reference Entity” is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
 
24 Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets.  
25 Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is (i) “Standard Japan Corporate” or (ii) “Standard Japan Financial Corporate”, otherwise delete 
this Schedule 10 in its entirety.  
26 Drafting Note: Include as applicable.

--- Page 950 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
950 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD JAPAN 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD JAPAN 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]26 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
If the Transaction Type is the Financial Transaction 
Type, Applicable, otherwise Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Russian Federation 
(August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September [19], 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Hellenic Republic 
(May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred 
Reference Obligations (published on December 8, 
2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 951 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
951 
SCHEDULE [11]27 
[STANDARD SINGAPORE CORPORATE]/[STANDARD SINGAPORE FINANCIAL 
CORPORATE]28 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD SINGAPORE 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD SINGAPORE 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]29 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
Restructuring. 
If the Transaction Type is the Financial Transaction 
Type: Governmental Intervention. 
Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency: Standard Specified Currencies & 
Domestic Currency. 
Not Sovereign Lender. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency: Standard Specified Currencies & 
Domestic Currency. 
Not Sovereign Lender. 
Not Contingent, if “2003 Reference Entity” is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
If the Transaction Type is the Financial Transaction 
Type, Applicable, otherwise Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
 
27 Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets.  
28 Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is (i) “Standard Singapore Corporate” or (ii) “Standard Singapore Financial Corporate”, 
otherwise delete this Schedule 11 in its entirety.  
29 Drafting Note: Include as applicable.

--- Page 952 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
952 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD SINGAPORE 
CORPORATE]/[STANDARD SINGAPORE 
FINANCIAL CORPORATE]29 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Russian Federation 
(August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September [19], 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Hellenic Republic 
(May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred 
Reference Obligations (published on December 8, 
2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable

--- Page 953 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
953 
SCHEDULE [12]30 
[STANDARD ASIA CORPORATE]/[STANDARD ASIA FINANCIAL CORPORATE]31 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD ASIA CORPORATE]/[STANDARD 
ASIA FINANCIAL CORPORATE]32 
Credit Events: 
Bankruptcy. 
Failure to Pay. 
Restructuring. 
If the Transaction Type is the Financial Transaction 
Type: Governmental Intervention. 
Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Not Sovereign Lender. 
Not Domestic Currency. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Sovereign Lender. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Contingent, if “2003 Reference Entity” is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Assignable Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
If the Transaction Type is the Financial Transaction 
Type, Applicable, otherwise Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
 
30 Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets.  
31 Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is (i) “Standard Asia Corporate” or (ii) “Standard Asia Financial Corporate”, otherwise delete 
this Schedule 12 in its entirety.  
32 Drafting Note: Include as applicable.

--- Page 954 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
954 
Transaction Type 
[STANDARD ASIA CORPORATE]/[STANDARD 
ASIA FINANCIAL CORPORATE]32 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Russian Federation 
(August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September [19], 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Hellenic Republic 
(May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred 
Reference Obligations (published on December 8, 
2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 955 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
955 
SCHEDULE [13]33 
STANDARD WESTERN EUROPEAN SOVEREIGN34 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD WESTERN EUROPEAN 
SOVEREIGN 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
None. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Specified Currency. 
Not Contingent, if “2003 Reference Entity” is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of Ukraine: 
Excluded Obligations and Excluded Deliverable 
Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
 
33 Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets.  
34 Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is “Standard Western European Sovereign”, otherwise delete this Schedule 13 in its entirety.

--- Page 956 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
956 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD WESTERN EUROPEAN 
SOVEREIGN 
Additional Provisions for the Russian Federation 
(August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September [19], 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Hellenic Republic 
(May 29, 2012): 
Applicable if the Reference Entity is the Hellenic 
Republic, otherwise Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred 
Reference Obligations (published on December 8, 
2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Not Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Not Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 957 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
957 
SCHEDULE [14]35 
STANDARD LATIN AMERICA SOVEREIGN36 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD LATIN AMERICA SOVEREIGN 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay. 
 Grace Period Extension: Applicable. 
Obligation Acceleration. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring 
 Multiple Holder Obligation: Not Applicable. 
Obligation Category: 
Bond. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Not Domestic Currency. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Contingent, if “2003 Reference Entity” is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Transferable. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable if the Reference Entity is the Republic 
of Argentina or the Republic of Ecuador, otherwise 
Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Applicable if the Reference Entity is the Republic of 
Ecuador, otherwise Not Applicable. 
 
35 Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets.  
36 Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is “Standard Latin America Sovereign”, otherwise delete this Schedule 14 in its entirety.

--- Page 958 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
958 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD LATIN AMERICA SOVEREIGN 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Applicable if the Reference Entity is the Argentine 
Republic, otherwise Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Russian Federation 
(August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September [19], 2017): 
Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Hellenic Republic 
(May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred 
Reference Obligations (published on December 8, 
2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Not Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Not Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 959 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
959 
SCHEDULE [15]37 
STANDARD EMERGING EUROPEAN & MIDDLE EASTERN SOVEREIGN38 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD EMERGING EUROPEAN & 
MIDDLE EASTERN SOVEREIGN 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay. 
 Grace Period Extension: Applicable. 
Obligation Acceleration. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
 Multiple Holder Obligation: Not Applicable. 
Obligation Category: 
Bond. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Not Domestic Currency. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Contingent, if “2003 Reference Entity” is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Transferable. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable if the Reference Entity is the Republic 
of Ukraine, otherwise Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Applicable if the Reference Entity is the Republic of 
Ukraine, otherwise Not Applicable. 
 
37 Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets.  
38 Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is “Standard Emerging European & Middle Eastern Sovereign”, otherwise delete this Schedule 
15 in its entirety.

--- Page 960 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
960 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD EMERGING EUROPEAN & 
MIDDLE EASTERN SOVEREIGN 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Applicable if the Reference Entity is the Republic of 
Hungary, otherwise Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Russian Federation 
(August 13, 2004): 
Applicable if the Reference Entity is the Russian 
Federation, otherwise Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September [19], 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Hellenic Republic 
(May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred 
Reference Obligations (published on December 8, 
2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Not Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Not Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 961 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
961 
SCHEDULE [16]39 
STANDARD AUSTRALIA SOVEREIGN40 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD AUSTRALIA SOVEREIGN 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
 Mod R Applicable. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
None. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency: Standard Specified Currencies & 
Domestic Currency. 
Not Contingent, if “2003 Reference Entity” is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
 
39 Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets.  
40 Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is “Standard Australia Sovereign”, otherwise delete this Schedule 16 in its entirety.

--- Page 962 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
962 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD AUSTRALIA SOVEREIGN 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Russian Federation 
(August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September [19], 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Hellenic Republic 
(May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred 
Reference Obligations (published on December 8, 
2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Not Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Not Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 963 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
963 
SCHEDULE [17]41 
STANDARD NEW ZEALAND SOVEREIGN42 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD NEW ZEALAND SOVEREIGN 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
 Mod R Applicable. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
None. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency: Standard Specified Currencies & 
Domestic Currency. 
Not Contingent, if “2003 Reference Entity” is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
 
41 Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets.  
42 Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is “Standard New Zealand Sovereign”, otherwise delete this Schedule 17 in its entirety.

--- Page 964 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
964 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD NEW ZEALAND SOVEREIGN 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Russian Federation 
(August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September [19], 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Hellenic Republic 
(May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred 
Reference Obligations (published on December 8, 
2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Not Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Not Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 965 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
965 
SCHEDULE [18]43 
STANDARD JAPAN SOVEREIGN44 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD JAPAN SOVEREIGN 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay. 
 Payment Requirement: If the Floating Rate Payer 
Calculation Amount is in JPY, JPY 100,000,000 or 
its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency 
as of the occurrence of the relevant Failure to Pay. 
In all other cases, USD 1,000,000 or its equivalent 
in the relevant Obligation Currency as of the 
occurrence of the relevant Failure to Pay. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
 Multiple Holder Obligation: Not Applicable. 
 Default Requirement: If the Floating Rate Payer 
Calculation Amount is in JPY, JPY 1,000,000,000 
or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation 
Currency as of the occurrence of the relevant 
Credit Event. In all other cases, USD 10,000,000 or 
its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency 
as of the occurrence of the relevant Credit Event. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
None. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Specified Currency. 
Not Contingent, if “2003 Reference Entity” is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
 
43 Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets.  
44 Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is “Standard Japan Sovereign”, otherwise delete this Schedule 18 in its entirety.

--- Page 966 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
966 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD JAPAN SOVEREIGN 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Russian Federation 
(August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September [19], 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Hellenic Republic 
(May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred 
Reference Obligations (published on December 8, 
2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Not Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Not Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 967 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
967 
SCHEDULE [19]45 
STANDARD SINGAPORE SOVEREIGN46 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD SINGAPORE SOVEREIGN 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency: Standard Specified Currencies & 
Domestic Currency. 
Not Sovereign Lender. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Specified Currencies & Domestic Currency. 
Not Sovereign Lender. 
Not Contingent, if “2003 Reference Entity” is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Assignable Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
 
45 Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets.  
46 Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is “Standard Singapore Sovereign”, otherwise delete this Schedule 19 in its entirety.

--- Page 968 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
968 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD SINGAPORE SOVEREIGN 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Russian Federation 
(August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September [19], 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Hellenic Republic 
(May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred 
Reference Obligations (published on December 8, 
2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Not Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Not Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 969 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
969 
SCHEDULE [20]47 
STANDARD ASIA SOVEREIGN48 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD ASIA SOVEREIGN 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay. 
Repudiation/Moratorium. 
Restructuring. 
Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Not Sovereign Lender. 
Not Domestic Currency. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency. 
Not Sovereign Lender. 
Not Domestic Law. 
Not Contingent, if “2003 Reference Entity” is specified 
as applicable in the relevant Issue Terms. 
Not Domestic Issuance. 
Assignable Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
All Guarantees: 
Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
 
47 Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets.  
48 Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is “Standard Asia Sovereign”, otherwise delete this Schedule 20 in its entirety.

--- Page 970 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
970 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD ASIA SOVEREIGN 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Russian Federation 
(August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September [19], 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Hellenic Republic 
(May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred 
Reference Obligations (published on December 8, 
2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Not Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Not Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable.

--- Page 971 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
971 
SCHEDULE [21]61 
STANDARD U.S. MUNICIPAL FULL FAITH AND CREDIT62 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD U.S. MUNICIPAL FULL FAITH AND 
CREDIT 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay. 
Restructuring 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Full Faith and Credit Obligation Liability. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency – Standard Specified Currencies. 
Not Contingent. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
Full Faith and Credit Obligation Liability. 
All Guarantees: 
Not Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
 
61 Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
62 Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is “Standard U.S. Municipal Full Faith and Credit”, otherwise delete this Schedule 21 in its 
entirety.

--- Page 972 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
972 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD U.S. MUNICIPAL FULL FAITH AND 
CREDIT 
Additional Provisions for the Russian Federation 
(August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September [19], 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Hellenic Republic 
(May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred 
Reference Obligations (published on December 8, 
2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Not Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Not Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2012 ISDA U.S. Municipal Reference Entity 
Supplement to the 2003 Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (March 5, 2012): 
Applicable.

--- Page 973 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
973 
SCHEDULE [22]63 
STANDARD U.S. MUNICIPAL GENERAL FUND64 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD U.S. MUNICIPAL GENERAL FUND 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay. 
Restructuring. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
General Fund Obligation Liability. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency – Standard Specified Currencies. 
Not Contingent. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
General Fund Obligation Liability. 
All Guarantees: 
Not Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
 
63 Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
64 Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is “Standard U.S. Municipal General Fund”, otherwise delete this Schedule 22 in its entirety.

--- Page 974 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
974 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD U.S. MUNICIPAL GENERAL FUND 
Additional Provisions for the Russian Federation 
(August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September [19], 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Hellenic Republic 
(May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred 
Reference Obligations (published on December 8, 
2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2012 ISDA U.S. Municipal Reference Entity 
Supplement to the 2003 Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (March 5, 2012) 
Applicable.

--- Page 975 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
975 
SCHEDULE [23]65 
STANDARD U.S. MUNICIPAL REVENUE66 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD U.S. MUNICIPAL REVENUE 
Credit Events: 
Failure to Pay. 
Restructuring. 
Obligation Category: 
Borrowed Money. 
Obligation Characteristics: 
None. 
Deliverable Obligation Category: 
Bond or Loan. 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Not Subordinated. 
Specified Currency – Standard Specified Currencies. 
Not Contingent. 
Assignable Loan. 
Consent Required Loan. 
Transferable. 
Maximum Maturity: 30 years. 
Not Bearer. 
Revenue Obligation Liability. 
All Guarantees: 
Not Applicable. 
Financial Reference Entity Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
Subordinated European Insurance Terms: 
Not Applicable. 
2014 Sovereign No Asset Package Delivery 
Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Monoline Supplement: 
Not Applicable. 
LPN Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ukraine: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (April 11, 2016): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Republic of 
Ecuador: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (December 11, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Additional Provisions for the Argentine 
Republic: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September 16, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
Hungary Additional Provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Russian Federation 
(August 13, 2004): 
Not Applicable. 
 
65 Drafting Note: If this schedule is retained, delete the number in brackets. 
66 Drafting Note: Include if the Transaction Type is “Standard U.S. Municipal Revenue”, otherwise delete this Schedule 23 in its entirety.

--- Page 976 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
976 
Transaction Type 
STANDARD U.S. MUNICIPAL REVENUE 
Additional Provisions for Certain Venezuelan 
Entities: Excluded Obligations and Excluded 
Deliverable Obligations (September [19], 2017): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for the Hellenic Republic 
(May 29, 2012): 
Not Applicable. 
2014 CoCo Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (September 15, 2014): 
Not Applicable. 
Additional Provisions for Senior Non-Preferred 
Reference Obligations (published on December 8, 
2017): 
Not Applicable. 
2019 NTCE Supplement to the 2014 ISDA Credit 
Derivatives Definitions (July 15, 2019): 
Not Applicable. 
Fallback Discounting: 
Not Applicable. 
Credit Deterioration Requirement: 
Not Applicable. 
2020 Limited Recourse Additional Provisions 
(December 2, 2020): 
Not Applicable. 
2012 ISDA U.S. Municipal Reference Entity 
Supplement to the 2003 Credit Derivatives 
Definitions (March 5, 2012): 
Applicable.

--- Page 977 ---
PRO FORMA PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
977 
APPENDIX 3 – INSTALMENT NOTES 
Instalment Date 
Instalment Amount 
[●] 
[●] 
 
(Repeat rows as necessary)

--- Page 978 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
978 
SECTION H – INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
 
$ .................................................................... xvi, 281 
€ .................................................................... xvi, 281 
€STR .....................................................................258 
€STR Compounding with Lookback ............ 259, 300 
€STR Compounding with Observation Period Shift
 ...................................................................... 259, 301 
€STR OIS Compounding .............................. 259, 299 
€STR Rate Cut-Off Date.......................................259 
€STRi ............................................................ 300, 301 
€STRi-pTBD.............................................................300 
1/1 .........................................................................256 
10-year Limitation Date ........................................551 
2.5-year Limitation Date ............................... 551, 654 
2006 ISDA Definitions .........................................251 
2014 ISDA Definitions .........................................691 
2019 NTCE Supplement ............................... 521, 566 
2021 ISDA Definitions .........................................251 
2021 ISDA Definitions Publication Version ........251 
30/360 ...................................................................255 
30E/360 .................................................................255 
30E/360 (ISDA) ....................................................256 
360/360 .................................................................255 
Accelerated or Matured ........................ 535, 574, 645 
Accrual Business Day ................................... 251, 323 
Accrual Condition ................................. 251, 319, 323 
Accrual Condition 1 ...................................... 251, 323 
Accrual Condition 2 ...................................... 251, 323 
Accrual Condition 3 ...................................... 251, 323 
Accrual Cut-Off Date ................................... 251, 323 
Accrual Day ..........................................................323 
Accrual Days ................................................ 251, 323 
Accrual Factor ......................................................319 
Accrual Interest Rate .................................... 251, 318 
Actual/360 ............................................................255 
Actual/365 (Fixed) ................................................255 
Actual/365 (Sterling) ............................................255 
Actual/Actual ........................................................255 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) ..........................................254 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) ...........................................255 
Additional LPN .....................................................521 
Additional Obligation ...........................................521 
Additional Requirements .............................. 251, 375 
Additional Risk Event ...........................................522 
Additional Risk Event Start Date ..........................522 
Adj ................................................................ 251, 323 
Adjustment Event .................................................251 
Adjustment Spread .......................................... 57, 356 
Administrator/Benchmark Event ..........................251 
Administrator/Benchmark Event Provisions ..........92 
AEOI .....................................................................243 
Affected Reference Entity ....................................522 
Affiliate .................................................................252 
Agents ...................................................................249 
Aggregate Default Count ......................................522 
Aggregate Loss Amount .......................................522 
Aggregate Outstanding Amount ...........................560 
Aggregate Recovery Amount ...............................523 
Aggregate Settled Entity Loss Amount ................523 
Aggregate Settled Entity Recovery Amount .........523 
All Monies Guarantee ...........................................139 
AMF .....................................................................203 
Amortised Face Amount ............................... 252, 257 
an offer ..................................................................195 
APMs ....................................................................143 
Applicable Auction ....................................... 523, 635 
Applicable Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement 
Terms ............................................................ 523, 635 
Applicable DC Credit Event Announcement 524, 636 
Applicable DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement
 ..............................................................................524 
Applicable DC Credit Event Question ..................524 
Applicable DC Credit Event Question Dismissal .524 
Applicable DC No Credit Event Announcement 524, 
636 
applicable Final Terms............................................ vi 
applicable laws......................................................566 
applicable Pricing Supplement ............................... vi 
Applicable Principal Currency Amount ................525 
Applicable Proportion ................................... 525, 636 
Applicable Resolution .................................. 526, 636 
Applicable Transaction Auction Settlement Terms
 ...................................................................... 526, 636 
Argentine Reference Entity ..................................526 
Articles..................................................................134 
ASIC .....................................................................198 
Asset .....................................................................526

--- Page 979 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
979 
Asset Market Value ..............................................526 
Asset Package ............................................... 412, 526 
Asset Package Cash Redemption Amount ............493 
Asset Package Credit Event ..................................526 
Asset Package Delivery ........................................168 
Assignable Loan ................................... 535, 574, 645 
ATAD .....................................................................35 
ATAD 2 ..................................................................35 
Attachment Point ..................................................526 
Auction ................................. 405, 527, 567, 636, 662 
Auction Cancellation Date ............................ 527, 636 
Auction Final Price ....................................... 527, 637 
Auction Final Price Determination Date ....... 527, 637 
Auction Redemption Amount ...............................527 
Auction Redemption Amount Notice ........... 527, 637 
Auction Redemption Date ............................ 527, 637 
AUD ..................................................................... xvi 
Australian dollars .................................................. xvi 
Authorities ..............................................................33 
Average Highest ................................... 598, 675, 676 
Average Market ............................................ 598, 676 
bail-in option ...........................................................33 
Bank Rate ..................................................... 252, 294 
Banking Act .................................................... 33, 207 
Bankruptcy .................................................... 527, 637 
Banks Act .............................................................245 
Barrier ........................................................... 252, 324 
Barrier 1 ........................................................ 252, 324 
Barrier 2 ........................................................ 252, 324 
Barrier 3 ........................................................ 252, 324 
Base Level ............................................................330 
Base Listing Particulars .......................................... vi 
Base Prospectus ......................... i, 697, 698, 839, 840 
Benchmark ............................................................252 
Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event .......252 
Benchmark Replacement ......................................350 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment ...................351 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes ...351 
Benchmark Replacement Date ..............................351 
Benchmark Transition Event ................................352 
Benchmark Transition Provisions .........................348 
Beneficial Owner ..................................................183 
Board of Managers ...............................................135 
Bond ..................................................... 562, 574, 658 
Bond Basis ............................................................255 
Bond or Loan ................................................ 562, 658 
Borrowed Money .................................. 562, 574, 658 
BRR Act 2015.........................................................34 
BRRD ............................................................. 34, 252 
Business Day ........................................................253 
Business Day Convention .....................................363 
C(WUMP)O ..........................................................204 
C.F.R. ....................................................................380 
Calculation Agent .................................................249 
Calculation Amount ..............................................253 
Calculation Period ........................................ 253, 254 
Capital Ratio .........................................................528 
Cash Redemption Amount .................... 528, 637, 638 
Cash Redemption Amount Notice ................ 528, 638 
Cash Redemption Date ................................. 529, 639 
CCO ......................................................................135 
CDI ....................................................................... viii 
CDI Holders ..........................................................186 
CDIs ......................................................................186 
CEA .........................................................ix, 193, 194 
Central Bank ............................................................ v 
Certificate Balance ................................................529 
CFTC .......................................................ix, 190, 262 
CGMFL ................................................... ii, 134, 249 
CGMFL 2019 Annual Report ...............................108 
CGMFL 2020 Annual Report ...............................108 
CGMFL 2021 Annual Report ...............................108 
CGMFL 2021 Guarantor Interim Financial Report
 ..............................................................................108 
CGMFL Base Listing Particulars............................ vi 
CGMFL Base Prospectus...................................... xiv 
CGMFL Deed of Covenant ...................................249 
CGMFL Deed of Guarantee ............................ ii, 249 
CGMFL Guarantor .......................................... ii, 249 
CGMFL Guarantor 2019 Annual Report ..............108 
CGMFL Guarantor 2020 Annual Report ..............108 
CGMFL Notes ........................................................34 
CGMHI .................................................... ii, 122, 249 
CGMHI 2019 Annual Report .................................98 
CGMHI 2020 Annual Report .................................98 
CGMHI 2021 Annual Report .................................98 
CGMHI 2022 Half-Yearly Financial Report ..........98 
CGMHI Base Listing Particulars ............................ vi 
CGMHI Base Prospectus ...................................... xiv 
CGMHI Deed of Covenant ...................................249 
CGMHI Deed of Guarantee ..................... ii, xvii, 249 
CGMHI Guarantor ........................................... ii, 249 
CGMHI Notes .............................................. xvii, 191 
CGML .............................................. ii, 134, 140, 249 
Change in Law ......................................................253 
CISA ..................................................... 215, 694, 836

--- Page 980 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
980 
CIT Act .................................................................234 
Citi ................................................................ 122, 128 
Citi Support Agreement ........................................129 
Citicorp .................................................................129 
Citigroup ....................................................... 122, 128 
Citigroup Inc. 2021 Form 10-K ...................... 98, 109 
Citigroup Inc. 2021 Q2 Form 10-Q ......................109 
Citigroup Inc. 2021 Q4 Form 8-K .................. 98, 109 
Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q1 Form 10-Q ................ 99, 109 
Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q1 Form 8-K .................. 99, 109 
Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q2 Form 10-Q ................ 99, 109 
Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q2 Form 8-K .................. 99, 109 
Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q3 Form 10-Q ........................99 
Citigroup Inc. 2022 Q3 Form 8-K .................. 99, 109 
Clearing Systems ..................................................182 
Clearstream, Luxembourg ............................ viii, 282 
CMA ........................................................... xviii, 212 
CMB ............................................................. xix, 216 
CMF ......................................................................200 
CMS Interest Rate .................................................254 
CMS Rate Notes ..................................... iii, 254, 287 
CMS Reference Rate ............................................254 
CMS Reference Rate 1 ................. 254, 318, 721, 863 
CMS Reference Rate 2 ................. 254, 318, 721, 863 
CMVM..................................................................211 
CNBV ...................................................................208 
CNY ...................................................................... xvi 
CoCo Provision .....................................................529 
CoCo Reference Entity .........................................529 
Code ......................................... ix, 192, 193, 696, 838 
CODE ...................................................................194 
Combined Prior Count ..........................................504 
Commodity Exchange Act ....................................262 
Common Safekeeper .............................................178 
Common Stock .....................................................123 
Companies Act 1915 .............................................134 
Company ...............................................................128 
component CDSs ............................................ 85, 176 
Compounded Daily SONIA .......................... 254, 292 
Compounded SOFR ..............................................352 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation ......... 529, 639 
Conditions .............................................................248 
Conforming Reference Obligation ........................529 
Consent Required Loan ........................ 536, 574, 645 
constituent Hypothetical Skew Transactions ........688 
Contributable Assets .............................................129 
control ...................................................................252 
Corporate Manager ...............................................135 
Corrected Rate ......................................................290 
Correction Period ..................................................254 
Corresponding Tenor .................................... 353, 356 
covered entities .......................................................31 
Covered Instrument ..............................................380 
Covered Instruments ...............................................31 
CRA Regulation....................... xi, 774, 775, 916, 917 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms .... 529, 
639 
Credit Derivatives Definitions ...................... 530, 639 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee ... 530, 
640 
Credit Event .................................................. 530, 640 
Credit Event Backstop Date .......................... 530, 640 
Credit Event Notice ...................................... 530, 640 
Credit Event Redemption Amount................ 531, 641 
Credit Event Redemption Date ..................... 531, 641 
Credit Event Redemption Method ................ 532, 641 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date . 393, 532, 641 
Credit Event Writedown Date ...............................532 
Credit Events ........................................................163 
Credit Linked Conditions.............................. 435, 600 
Credit Linked Note ....................................... 532, 641 
Credit Linked Notes ................................ iii, 435, 600 
Credit Payment on Maturity Amount ........... 532, 641 
CREST .......................................... viii, 186, 778, 920 
CREST Deed Poll .................................................187 
CREST International Manual ...............................188 
CREST International Settlement Links Service ....187 
CREST Manual .....................................................187 
CREST Nominee ..................................................186 
CREST Rules ........................................................188 
CRR ......................................................................532 
CSSF ......................................................... 34, 98, 108 
Currency Amount ......................................... 532, 641 
Currency Rate ............................................... 532, 641 
Currency Rate Source ................................... 532, 642 
Current Base Prospectus ............................... 698, 840 
CUSIP ........................................................... 533, 642 
Custodian ..............................................................533 
Cut-off Date .................................................. 254, 333 
Cut-off Note Valuation Date .................................336 
CVM .....................................................................199 
d .................... 292, 294, 296, 297, 300, 301, 302, 303 
d0 ........................... 293, 296, 297, 300, 301, 302, 303 
D1 .................................................................. 255, 256 
D2 .................................................................. 255, 256 
Day Count Fraction ...............................................254

--- Page 981 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
981 
days accrued ................................................. 256, 324 
days observed................................................ 256, 324 
dc ...........................................................................299 
DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date ..........533 
DC Credit Event Announcement .................. 533, 642 
DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement ............533 
DC Credit Event Question ....................................533 
DC Credit Event Question Dismissal ...................533 
DC Member ............................................................69 
DC No Credit Event Announcement ............ 533, 642 
DC Resolution .............................................. 533, 642 
DC Rules ................................................. 69, 533, 670 
DC Secretary .........................................................533 
DC-determined EDD .................................... 476, 533 
Dealer....................................................................... v 
Dealers ..................................................................... v 
Dealership Agreement ..........................................190 
Deed of Covenant .................................................249 
Deeds of Covenant ................................................249 
Default Accrual Cut-Off Date ...............................323 
Default Requirement ..................................... 533, 642 
default right ...........................................................380 
default rights ...........................................................31 
Delayed Interest Payment Dates ...........................256 
Deliver .................................................. 534, 642, 643 
Deliverable Obligation .................................. 535, 643 
Deliverable Obligation Category .................. 535, 644 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics ......... 535, 644 
Deliverable Obligation Notice484, 494, 537, 614, 
646 
Deliverable Obligation Provisions ................ 537, 646 
Deliverable Obligation Terms ...................... 537, 646 
Deliverable Obligations ........................................405 
Delivered ...................................................... 534, 643 
Delivery ........................................................ 534, 643 
Delivery Date ................................................ 537, 646 
Delivery Expenses ........................................ 537, 646 
Designated Maturity256, 703, 704, 718, 732, 845, 
846, 860, 875 
Determination Agent ............................................256 
Determination Date ...............................................256 
Determination Period ............................................256 
DFSA Rulebook....................................................202 
Direct Loan Participation ...................... 536, 574, 645 
Direct Participants ................................................182 
Dispute ..................................................................379 
Disrupted Day .......................................................257 
distributor ................................................................xx 
Domestic Currency ....................................... 537, 646 
Domestic Law ............................................... 538, 646 
Downstream Affiliate ................................... 538, 646 
DTC ...................................................... viii, 178, 282 
DTC Notes ............................................................182 
DTC Rules ............................................................182 
DTCC.............................................................. 55, 182 
Due and Payable Amount ............................. 538, 646 
Early Redemption Amount ...................................257 
Early Redemption Date .........................................257 
Early Redemption Event .......................................257 
ECB ......................................................................258 
ECB €STR Guideline ...........................................258 
ECB’s Website......................................................258 
Ecuador Reference Entity .....................................538 
EEA .......................................... v, 194, 258, 694, 836 
Effective Date .......................................................538 
EIN .......................................................................122 
Electronic Page .....................................................258 
Eligible Index........................................................691 
Eligible Information ..............................................538 
Eligible Transferee ........................................ 538, 646 
EMU .....................................................................334 
ERISA .............................. ix, 189, 192, 194, 696, 838 
ERISA Plans .........................................................189 
ESMA ...................................................................... x 
Established Rate....................................................258 
EU ............................................................xi, 210, 259 
EU Benchmark Regulation .....................................49 
EU Benchmark Regulations ....................................49 
EU Benchmarks Regulation ..................................... x 
EUR .............................................................. xvi, 281 
EURIBOR ......................................................... 49, 50 
euro ............................................................... xvi, 281 
Euro .............................................................. xvi, 281 
Euro MTF ............................................................... vi 
Eurobond Basis .....................................................255 
Euroclear ....................................... viii, 282, 539, 647 
Euroclear Finland .......................................... viii, 259 
Euroclear Finland Register ...................................285 
Euroclear Finland Registrar ..................................285 
Euroclear Finland Rules........................................283 
Euroclear Sweden ......................................... viii, 250 
Euronext Dublin....................................................259 
Euro-zone ..............................................................259 
EUWA ....................... vi, 49, 196, 248, 694, 836, 838 
Event Determination Date ...................... 69, 539, 647 
Event of Default ....................................................259

--- Page 982 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
982 
Exchange Act ...................................... xviii, 106, 117 
Exchange Agent ....................................................249 
Exchange Bonds or Loans ............................ 415, 593 
Exchange Event ....................................................180 
Excluded Deliverable Obligation .................. 539, 649 
Excluded Obligation ..................................... 539, 649 
Exempt Notes.................................................. vi, 248 
Exercise Amount .................. 408, 478, 539, 610, 650 
Exhaustion Point ...................................................539 
Extended Maturity Date ................................ 539, 650 
Extension Date .............................................. 540, 651 
Failure to Pay ................................................ 540, 651 
Fair Market Value .................................................261 
Fallback Bond ............................................... 262, 333 
Fallback Cash Redemption Amount ............. 490, 620 
Fallback Cash Redemption Date ................... 490, 620 
Fallback Discounting ............................................566 
Fallback Redemption Method ...............................541 
FCA ........................................................................33 
FCA Announcement ...............................................90 
FCA Handbook .....................................................197 
FDIC ...................................................................... xii 
Federal Reserve ....................................................128 
FEIN .....................................................................122 
FICC .......................................................................54 
FIEA .....................................................................207 
Final Auction Redemption Amount ......................541 
Final Auction Redemption Date ...........................541 
Final Cash Redemption Amount ........... 541, 651, 652 
Final Cash Redemption Date ........................ 541, 652 
Final Interest Period End Date ..............................262 
Final LA Cash Redemption Amount ....................541 
Final LA Cash Redemption Date ..........................542 
Final List ....................................................... 542, 652 
Final Physical Redemption Cut-Off Date498, 
542, 
624, 652 
Final Price ..................................................... 542, 652 
Final Price Determination Date .................... 482, 613 
Final Terms ..................................................... vi, 248 
Financial Services Act ..........................................207 
Financial Transaction Type .......................... 542, 652 
FINMA ................................................. 215, 694, 836 
Finnish Notes ................................................ viii, 283 
Finnish Notes Issuing and Paying Agency Agreement
 ..............................................................................250 
Finnish Notes Issuing and Paying Agent ..............250 
Finnish Payment Day ............................................262 
FinSA .................................... xvii, 196, 215, 694, 836 
First Obligation ............................................. 562, 660 
First Ranking ........................................................542 
First Ranking Interest ...........................................542 
Fiscal Agency Agreement .....................................249 
Fiscal Agent ..........................................................249 
Fixed Cap ..............................................................542 
Fixed Interest Rate ................................................262 
Fixed Rate Notes..................................... iii, 262, 286 
Fixed Recovery Percentage .......................... 543, 652 
Floating Interest Rate ............................................262 
Floating Rate Convention .....................................363 
Floating Rate Notes ................................ iii, 262, 286 
Following Business Day Convention ....................363 
FSMA .............................. vi, 196, 197, 694, 836, 838 
Full Quotation ............................................... 543, 652 
Fully Transferable Obligation ....................... 543, 652 
Funding Interest Amount .............................. 442, 604 
Funding Interest Rate .................................... 543, 652 
Further Subordinated Obligation ..........................543 
FX Rate .................................................................543 
FX Rate Set Date ..................................................543 
FX Translation ......................................................143 
GBP .............................................................. xvi, 282 
General Conditions ...............................................248 
Global Exchange Market ........................................ vi 
Global Registered Note Certificate ............... viii, 248 
Global Registered Note Certificates .....................178 
Governmental Authority ............................... 543, 653 
Governmental Intervention ...................................544 
Grace Period ................................................. 544, 653 
Grace Period Business Day ........................... 545, 653 
Grace Period Extension Date ........................ 545, 653 
Group ......................................................................27 
G-SIBs ....................................................................30 
Guarantee ..............................................................545 
Guarantees ....................................................... ii, 249 
Guarantor ................................................................ iii 
Guarantors ...................................................... iii, 249 
Hedge Disruption Obligation ........ 486, 545, 616, 653 
hedging arrangements ...........................................369 
Hedging Disruption ..............................................262 
Hedging Disruption Early Termination Event ......262 
Hedging Party .......................................................263 
Hedging Position ..................................................263 
Hellenic Reference Entity .....................................545 
Helsinki Banking Day ...........................................263 
Highest .......................................................... 598, 676 
HMRC ..................................................................225

--- Page 983 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
983 
holder ............................................ 268, 269, 282, 283 
holder of Notes ............................................. 269, 283 
Hong Kong ...........................................................204 
Hungary Reference Entity ....................................545 
Hypothetical Index Untranched Swap Confirmation
 ..............................................................................691 
Hypothetical Index Untranched Transaction ........691 
Hypothetical ISDA Master Agreement .................691 
Hypothetical Single Name Set ..............................691 
Hypothetical Single Name Swap Confirmation ....691 
Hypothetical Single Name Transaction ................691 
Hypothetical Skew Confirmation .........................692 
Hypothetical Skew Transaction ............................692 
Hypothetical Swap Counterparty ..........................692 
Hypothetical Swap Termination Value .................692 
i ............................. 293, 296, 297, 300, 301, 302, 303 
i+1 ................................. 296, 297, 301, 302, 303, 304 
IAN .......................................................................545 
IBA .........................................................................90 
IBA Announcement ................................................90 
ICG ............................................................... 122, 135 
Impacted Rate .......................................................344 
Implicit Portfolio Size ...........................................545 
Income Tax Act ....................................................243 
Inconvertibility Event ...........................................545 
Increased Cost of Hedging ....................................263 
Increased Cost of Index Event ..............................263 
Index .....................................................................546 
Index Annex .........................................................546 
Index Annex Date .................................................546 
Index CDS .............................................. 85, 176, 417 
Index Parties .........................................................417 
Index Publisher .....................................................546 
Index Skew Conditions .........................................687 
Index Skew Early Redemption Amount ...............693 
Index Skew Notes ........................................... iii, 687 
Index Skew Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount
 ..............................................................................693 
Index Skew Position ..................................... 688, 693 
Index Sponsor ............................................... 417, 546 
Index Tranched Credit Linked Notes ....................546 
Index Tranched Final Redemption Amount..........546 
Index Tranched Incurred Loss Amount ................546 
Index Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount ........546 
Index Tranched Non-Succession Reference Entities
 ..............................................................................507 
Index Tranched Redemption Amount ...................547 
Index Tranched Succession Reference Entity .......507 
Index Tranched Successor Entity..........................507 
Index Untranched Credit Linked Notes ................547 
Index Untranched Non-Succession Reference Entities
 ..............................................................................506 
Index Untranched Partial Nominal Amount .........506 
Index Untranched Succession Reference Entity ...506 
Index Untranched Successor Entity ......................506 
Indirect Participants ..............................................182 
Inflation Index .............................................. 263, 334 
Inflation Index Closing Level ....................... 263, 334 
Inflation Index Sponsor ................................ 263, 334 
Inflation Interest Rate ...........................................264 
Inflation Linked Notes ............................ iii, 263, 287 
Instrument Payments ............................................547 
Insurance Distribution Directive .... xvi, 195, 694, 836 
Insured Instrument ........................................ 547, 573 
Insured Obligor ............................................. 548, 573 
interest ..................................................................366 
Interest .......................................................... 542, 548 
Interest Amount ............................................ 264, 327 
Interest Commencement Date ...............................264 
Interest Determination Date ..................................264 
Interest Observation Date ..................... 265, 321, 324 
Interest Participation Rate ............................. 265, 334 
Interest Participation Rate (Spread Interest Rate) 265, 
327 
Interest Participation Rate 1 .......................... 265, 318 
Interest Participation Rate 2 .......................... 265, 318 
Interest Payment Date ...........................................266 
Interest Period .......................................................266 
Interest Period End Date .......................................266 
Interest Rate ..........................................................266 
Interest Suspension Shortfall Amount .......... 441, 604 
Interest Tax Deduction Amount............................548 
Interpolated Benchmark ........................................353 
Interpolated Reference Rate ..................................356 
IPR ........................................................................334 
ISDA ....................................................... 89, 266, 391 
ISDA Definitions ..................................................266 
ISDA Fallback Adjustment ...................................353 
ISDA Fallback Rate ..............................................353 
ISDA Rate ............................................. 267, 304, 309 
ISIN ......................................................................161 
Issue Date .............................................................267 
Issue Price .............................................................267 
Issue Terms ................................. ii, vi, 248, 548, 653 
Issuer ............................................................... iii, 249 
Issuer Business Day ...................................... 548, 654

--- Page 984 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
984 
Issuers ..................................................................... iii 
Joint Potential Successor ......................................501 
Joint Relevant Obligation .....................................501 
JPY ....................................................................... xvi 
KID ............................................................... 202, 211 
KPMG Luxembourg .............................................137 
KSA Regulations ..................................................212 
LA Cash Redemption Amount .............................548 
LA Cash Redemption Date ...................................548 
LA Cut-Off Date ...................................................548 
LA Interest Amount ..............................................549 
LA Physical Redemption Date .............................549 
LA Recovery Amount ...........................................549 
LA Relevant Currency ..........................................550 
LA Settlement Assets ...........................................550 
LA Valuation Date ................................................550 
LA Value Date ......................................................550 
Largest Asset Package ..........................................550 
Latest Level ..........................................................330 
Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan550, 586, 
669 
Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date 550, 654 
LBD .............................................................. 267, 294 
LCY Reference Amount .......................................551 
Legacy Reference Entity Count ............................504 
Lev ................................................................ 267, 324 
LIBOR .............................................................. 49, 50 
Limitation Date ............................................. 551, 654 
Limited Recourse Obligations ..............................551 
Limited Recourse Provisions ................................551 
Limited Shareholders ............................................134 
Limited Shares ......................................................134 
Linear Basket Credit Linked Notes .......................551 
Linear Basket Non-Succession Reference Entities
 ..............................................................................505 
Linear Basket Partial Nominal Amount ........ 505, 551 
Linear Basket Succession Reference Entity ..........504 
Linear Basket Successor Entity ............................505 
Listed ............................................................ 564, 661 
Loan .............................................................. 562, 658 
Loan Alternative Procedure Start Date489, 551, 619, 
635 
Local Access Credit Linked Notes ............... 551, 552 
Local Access Partial Nominal Amount . 510, 511, 552 
Local Access Succession Reference Entity .. 509, 510 
Local Access Successor Entity ............. 509, 511, 552 
Local Currency .....................................................359 
Local Jurisdiction ..................................................272 
London Banking Day .................................... 267, 294 
London Business Day ...........................................340 
Lookback Days ..................................... 297, 300, 303 
Loss Amount .........................................................552 
Loss Threshold Amount........................................552 
Lower Range ................................................. 267, 324 
Lower Range 1 .............................................. 267, 324 
Lower Range 2 .............................................. 267, 324 
Lower Range 3 .............................................. 267, 324 
Lowest .......................................................... 598, 676 
LPN .......................................................................553 
LPN Issuer ............................................................553 
LPN Reference Entity ...........................................553 
LPN Reference Obligation ....................................553 
M(M)R Restructuring ...........................................554 
M1 ................................................................. 255, 256 
M2 ................................................................. 255, 256 
Manifest Error Cut-off Date ......................... 267, 334 
Margin ..................................................................267 
Margin (Spread Interest Rate) ....................... 267, 328 
Margin 1 ...............................................................267 
Margin 2 ...............................................................267 
Market ........................................................... 598, 676 
Market Disruption Event ......................................553 
Market Value ................................ 491, 553, 621, 654 
maturity .................................................................574 
Maturity Date ........................................................267 
Maturity Redemption Amount ...................... 553, 654 
Max ............................................................... 267, 325 
Maximum Interest Rate ........................................268 
Maximum Maturity ............................... 536, 574, 645 
Maximum Redemption Amount ...........................268 
Maximum Reference Rate ....................................268 
MCAA ..................................................................243 
Merger Event ................................................ 554, 654 
Merger Redemption Amount ........................ 554, 655 
MiFID II ........................................... v, 194, 694, 836 
MiFID II Regulations ...........................................206 
MiFID Product Governance Rules ....................... xvii 
MiFIR ...................................................................195 
Min ....................................................... 268, 325, 328 
MinFin ..................................................................554 
Minimum Interest Rate .........................................268 
Minimum Redemption Amount ............................268 
Minimum Reference Rate .....................................268 
Modified Eligible Transferee ........................ 554, 655 
Modified Following Business Day Convention ....363

--- Page 985 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
985 
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date
 ...................................................................... 554, 655 
Monoline Insurer Reference Entity .......................554 
Movement Option ......................................... 554, 655 
Movement Option Cut-off Date .................... 555, 655 
MTF ........................................................................50 
MTFs ......................................................................38 
Multiple Holder Obligation .......................... 555, 656 
Multiplier ...................................................... 268, 328 
National Bank of Hungary Deliverable Obligation
 ..............................................................................555 
National Bank of Hungary Obligation ..................555 
NBH Event of Default ..........................................556 
New Single Name Credit Linked Notes ................457 
New Zealand dollars ............................................. xvi 
Next Currency Fixing Time .......................... 556, 656 
ni ................... 293, 296, 297, 300, 301, 302, 303, 304 
No Adjustment Determination ..............................354 
No Auction Announcement Date .................. 556, 656 
Non-Conforming Reference Obligation................556 
Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation
 ..............................................................................556 
Non-Contingent Amount ........................ 71, 170, 566 
Non-Deliverable Asset Package ...........................493 
Non-ERISA Arrangements ...................................189 
Non-Financial Instrument .....................................556 
Non-Standard Event Determination Date .............556 
Non-Standard Exercise Cut-off Date ....................559 
Non-Standard Reference Obligation .....................559 
Non-Transferable Instrument ................................559 
NOPS Amendment Notice ............ 559, 560, 656, 657 
Not Bearer ..................................................... 536, 645 
Not Domestic Currency ................................ 563, 660 
Not Domestic Issuance ................................. 564, 661 
Not Domestic Law ........................................ 564, 660 
Not Sovereign Lender ................................... 563, 660 
Not Subordinated .......................................... 562, 659 
Note Valuation Date .............................................269 
Noteholder ............................................ 268, 282, 283 
Notes ................................................................. i, 248 
Notes Extension Date ................................... 560, 656 
Notice Delivery Date ............................................560 
Notice Delivery Period ................................. 560, 656 
Notice of Physical Settlement ....................... 560, 657 
Notice of Publicly Available Information ..... 561, 657 
Notice to Exercise Movement Option ........... 560, 656 
Notice-determined EDD ............................... 477, 560 
NSS .......................................................................178 
Nth-to-Default Basket Credit Linked Notes .........561 
Nth-to-Default Non-Succession Reference Entities
 ..............................................................................502 
Nth-to-Default Partial Nominal Amount ...... 503, 561 
Nth-to-Default Succession Reference Entity ........502 
Nth-to-Default Successor Entity ...........................503 
NY Federal Reserve ...................................... 269, 353 
NY Federal Reserve’s Website ..................... 269, 353 
obligation ..............................................................574 
Obligation ..................................................... 561, 658 
Obligation Acceleration ................................ 564, 662 
Obligation Category ...................................... 562, 658 
Obligation Characteristics............................. 562, 658 
Obligation Currency ..................................... 564, 662 
Obligation Default ........................................ 565, 662 
Obligation to Withhold Tax ..................................238 
Obligations ............................................................391 
obligor ...................................................................574 
Obligor Regulatory Event .....................................269 
Observation Period ....................... 293, 297, 301, 304 
Observation Shift Days ......................... 298, 301, 304 
OFAC....................................................................565 
offer of Notes to the public ...................................195 
Official List .............................................................. v 
OLA ........................................................................31 
Omnibus Accounts ................................................233 
Optional Redemption Amount ..............................269 
Optional Redemption Date ........................... 269, 343 
Original Aggregate Nominal Amount .......... 565, 662 
Original Entity .............................................. 269, 374 
Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation .......565 
Original Obligation(s) ...........................................567 
Outstanding ...........................................................269 
Outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount .... 565, 662 
Outstanding Amount ..................... 560, 565, 657, 662 
Outstanding Principal Balance ..............................565 
Overnight Rate Compounding/Averaging Method
 ..............................................................................270 
Owners ..................................................................183 
Ownership Restriction Event ................................567 
Package Observable Bond .................... 167, 412, 567 
Page ......................................................................270 
Paraguayan Securities Commission ......................209 
Parallel Auction ............................................ 567, 662 
Parallel Auction Cancellation Date ............... 567, 662 
Parallel Auction Settlement Terms ............... 568, 662 
Partial Cash Redemption Amount ................ 490, 620 
Partial Cash Redemption Date ...................... 490, 620

--- Page 986 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
986 
Participants ...........................................................182 
Paying Agents .......................................................249 
Payment ........................................................ 562, 658 
Payment Date ................................................ 270, 334 
Payment Day .........................................................270 
Payment Failure Cut-Off Date ...... 497, 568, 623, 663 
Payment Failure Event Notice ...................... 497, 623 
Payment Requirement ................................... 568, 663 
Payment/Delivery Failure Event ................... 568, 663 
Permissible Deliverable Obligation .............. 568, 663 
Permitted Contingency .........................................568 
Permitted Transfer ................................................569 
Person ...................................................................373 
Physical Redemption Assets ......................... 569, 663 
Physical Redemption Date ............................ 569, 664 
Physical Settlement Matrix ................... 392, 569, 664 
Physical Settlement Period ........................... 570, 664 
PIT Act .................................................................231 
Plans .....................................................................189 
Poland ...................................................................210 
Polish Zloty ........................................................... xvi 
Portfolio Tranched Credit Linked Notes ...............570 
Portfolio Tranched Final Redemption Amount ....570 
Portfolio Tranched Incurred Loss Amount ...........570 
Portfolio Tranched Incurred Recovery Amount ...570 
Portfolio 
Tranched 
Non-Succession 
Reference 
Entities ..................................................................508 
Portfolio Tranched Redemption Amount ..............571 
Portfolio Tranched Succession Reference Entity ..508 
Portfolio Tranched Successor Entity ....................508 
Portugal .................................................................211 
Portuguese Offeror ................................................211 
Post Dismissal Additional Period .........................571 
Potential Failure to Pay ................................. 571, 664 
Potential Repudiation/Moratorium ............... 571, 664 
PRA ......................................................................140 
PRC .......................................................................271 
Preceding Business Day Convention ....................363 
Preference Shares ..................................................137 
Preferred Stock .....................................................123 
Pre-nominated Replacement Reference Rate ........357 
PRI ........................................................................205 
Pricing Supplement ......................................... vi, 248 
PRIIPs Regulation ....................... xvii, 211, 694, 836 
PRIN .....................................................................571 
principal ................................................................366 
Principal Amount plus accrued interest (if any) at 
maturity .................................................................271 
Principal Tax Deduction Amount .........................571 
Principal Writedown Amount ...............................571 
Prior Deliverable Obligation ................. 167, 412, 571 
Prior Reference Obligation ...................................563 
Private-side Loan ..................................................572 
Pro Rata Issuer Cost Reimbursement ...................271 
Programme ................................................................ i 
Prohibited Action ..................................................572 
Prospectus Regulation ....................... i, 694, 696, 836 
Public Offering .....................................................210 
Public Source ................................................ 572, 665 
Publicly Available Information .................... 572, 665 
Published Average Rate ........................................271 
QFC ...................................................................... xix 
QFC Stay Rules ......................................................30 
QFCs .......................................................................30 
QIB ............................................................... 191, 271 
QIBs .............................................. viii, 178, 696, 838 
qualified financial contract ...................................380 
Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee ..................... 573, 665 
Qualifying Guarantee ............................ 573, 574, 665 
Qualifying Policy ..................................................573 
Quantum of the Claim ..........................................566 
Quotation ...................................... 491, 574, 621, 666 
Quotation Amount ........................ 491, 575, 621, 666 
Quotation Dealer ........................................... 575, 666 
Quotation Method ......................... 490, 575, 621, 666 
RA Cap ......................................................... 271, 325 
RA Factor .............................................................319 
RA Floor ....................................................... 271, 325 
Range Accrual Notes .............................. iii, 271, 287 
Range Accrual Table .................................... 271, 325 
Rate ............................................................... 271, 287 
Rate Closing Level ....................................... 272, 338 
Rate Corrected Level ............................................337 
Rate Disrupted Day ....................................... 272, 338 
Rate Relevant Scheduled Payment Date ...............337 
Rate Scheduled Trading Day ........................ 272, 338 
Rate Table .............................................................271 
Rate Valuation Time .............................................338 
Rate X ........................................................... 271, 328 
Rate Y ........................................................... 271, 328 
Rate Z ........................................................... 272, 328 
Realisation Disruption Event ................................272 
Rebased Index .......................................................333 
Record Date ..........................................................360 
Recovery Amount .................................................575 
Recovery Threshold Amount ................................576

--- Page 987 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
987 
Redeemed Notes ...................................................360 
Redemption Amount .............................................341 
Redemption Suspension Notice .... 499, 576, 625, 667 
Redenomination Date ...........................................273 
Reference Assets ...................................................576 
Reference Assets Only Settlement ................ 562, 577 
Reference Banks ...................................................273 
Reference Currency ..............................................273 
Reference Custodial/Settlement Arrangement ......578 
Reference Custodian .............................................578 
Reference Entity ........................................... 578, 667 
Reference Entity Count .........................................578 
Reference Entity Notional Amount ......................578 
Reference Entity Weighting ..................................579 
Reference Investor ................................................579 
Reference Investor Assets .....................................579 
Reference Item .............................................. 273, 287 
Reference Jurisdiction...........................................579 
Reference Level ....................................................330 
Reference Month ..................................................334 
Reference Obligation .................... 490, 579, 620, 667 
Reference Obligation Only ........................... 562, 658 
Reference Obligation Only Series ........................580 
Reference Observation .......................... 273, 320, 325 
Reference Observation 1 ............................... 273, 325 
Reference Observation 2 ............................... 273, 325 
Reference Observation 3 ............................... 273, 325 
Reference Observation Disrupted Day ......... 273, 325 
Reference Observation Table ........................ 273, 325 
Reference Rate ......................................................273 
Reference Rate 1 ........................................... 274, 328 
Reference Rate 2 ........................................... 274, 328 
Reference Rate Event............................................357 
Reference Rate Event Provisions .................... 91, 354 
Reference Rate Fallback Provision .......................274 
Reference Time .....................................................353 
Registered Note Certificates ......................... viii, 248 
Registered Notes ........................................... viii, 282 
Registrar ................................................................249 
Regulation No. 11971 ...........................................207 
Regulation S ......................... viii, 178, 274, 696, 838 
Regulation S Global Registered Note Certificate 178, 
274 
Regulatory Change Cost .......................................580 
Regulatory Change Event .....................................580 
Relevant Agreements ............................................380 
Relevant Authority ................................................274 
Relevant City Business Day ......................... 581, 667 
Relevant Clearing System ..................... 274, 484, 614 
Relevant Credit Event ................................... 581, 667 
Relevant Currency ................................................274 
Relevant Date................................ 274, 364, 366, 367 
Relevant Day ........................................ 274, 289, 291 
relevant entity .........................................................33 
Relevant Event Determination Date ............. 581, 667 
Relevant Financial Centre .....................................275 
Relevant Governmental Body ...............................353 
Relevant Guarantee ...............................................581 
Relevant Holder ....................................................581 
Relevant ISDA Definitions ...................................353 
Relevant Member State .........................................837 
Relevant Nominating Body ..................................358 
Relevant Number .......... 294, 298, 705, 706, 847, 848 
Relevant Obligations .................................... 581, 667 
Relevant Proportion ..............................................275 
Relevant Risk Event .............................................582 
Relevant Risk Event Determination Date .............582 
Relevant Scheduled Payment Date .......................290 
Relevant Spread Rate ............................................326 
Relevant Swap Rate ..............................................275 
Relevant TARGET Settlement Day ......................301 
Relevant Time .......................................................276 
Relevant Zurich Banking Day ..............................304 
Relibi Law ............................................................225 
Renminbi ..............................................................282 
Replaced 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Outstanding 
Amount ......................................................... 561, 657 
Replacement Deliverable Obligation ............ 560, 657 
Replacement Reference Rate ................................358 
repo .........................................................................54 
Representative Amount.........................................277 
Repudiation/Moratorium .............................. 582, 667 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date .... 582, 667 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition ... 582, 
668 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice .. 583, 668 
Resolution Council .................................................34 
Resolve ......................................................... 583, 668 
Resolved ....................................................... 583, 668 
Resolves ........................................................ 583, 668 
Restricted Debt .....................................................583 
Restructured Bond or Loan ........................... 583, 668 
Restructured Entity ...............................................457 
Restructuring ................................................ 583, 668 
Restructuring Date ........................................ 586, 669 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date ....... 586, 669

--- Page 988 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
988 
Revenue Commissioners.......................................223 
Revised Currency Rate ................................. 586, 670 
Revision Cut-off Date ................................... 277, 334 
Risk Event .............................................................586 
Risk Event Determination Date ............................586 
Risk Event Determination Period .........................586 
Risk Event Notice .................................................586 
Risk Event Redemption Method ...........................587 
Risk Events ..................................................... 82, 174 
RMB ............................................................. xvi, 282 
RMB Currency Settlement Cut-Off Date ..... 276, 359 
RMB Determination Business Day .......................276 
RMB Determination Date .....................................276 
RMB Relevant Currency ......................................276 
RMB Relevant Currency Valuation Time ............276 
RMB Relevant Spot Rate Screen Page .................276 
RMB Settlement Centre ........................................276 
RMB Spot Rate .....................................................276 
RRE Adjustment ...................................................273 
RRE Adjustments .................................................354 
Rule 144A ............................. viii, 178, 277, 696, 838 
Rule 144A Deed Poll .......................................... xviii 
Rule 144A Global Registered Note Certificate ... 178, 
277 
Russian QIs ............................................................. ix 
Russian Reference Entity ......................................587 
SARON .................................................................277 
SARON Compounding with Lookback ........ 277, 303 
SARON Compounding with Observation Period Shift
 ...................................................................... 277, 303 
SARON OIS Compounding .......................... 277, 302 
SARON Rate Cut-Off Date ..................................277 
SARONi ........................................................ 302, 304 
SARONi-xZBD ........................................................303 
Saudi Investor .......................................................212 
SCA ........................................................................xx 
Schedule Maturity Date ........................................277 
Scheduled Interest Payment Date ................. 700, 842 
Scheduled Maturity Date Extension .....................587 
Scheduled Observation Date ......................... 277, 325 
Scheduled Trading Day ........................................277 
Screen Rate ...........................................................289 
Second Obligation ........................................ 562, 660 
Section 871(m) Event ...........................................278 
Securities Act ................ viii, 192, 193, 278, 696, 838 
Senior Level ..........................................................588 
Senior Non-Preferred Level ..................................588 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes ..................................587 
Senior Non-Preferred Obligation .................. 413, 587 
Senior Obligation ..................................................587 
Senior Reference Entity ........................................587 
Seniority Level......................................................588 
Series ............................................................ 162, 248 
Series TMA .............................................................xx 
Services ................................................................... ix 
Settled Entity ........................................................588 
Settled Entity Incurred Loss Amount ...................588 
Settled Entity Incurred Recovery Amount ............588 
Settled Entity Loss Amount ..................................588 
Settled Entity Matrix .............................................588 
Settled Entity Notional Amount ...........................588 
Settled Entity Recovery Amount ..........................588 
Settled Entity Weighting .......................................588 
Settlement Currency .............................................278 
Settlement Currency Principal Amount ................588 
Settlement/Custodial Event ...................................589 
SFA ......................................................... xx, 695, 837 
SFIA Act ....................................................... viii, 179 
SFO .......................................................................204 
Shareholders .........................................................134 
Single Name Credit Linked Notes ........................589 
Single Name Partial Nominal Amount502, 589, 626, 
670 
Single Name Succession Reference Entity ... 501, 626 
Single Name Successor Entity ...... 502, 589, 626, 670 
skew ................................................................ 85, 176 
SOFR ............................................................ 278, 354 
SOFR Compounding with Lookback............ 278, 296 
SOFR Compounding with Observation Period Shift
 ...................................................................... 278, 297 
SOFR Fallback Provisions ....................................299 
SOFR Index ..........................................................298 
SOFR IndexEnd ......................................................298 
SOFR IndexStart .....................................................298 
SOFR OIS Compounding ............................. 278, 296 
SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date ......................................278 
SOFRi ................................................... 296, 297, 298 
SOFRi-xUSBD ..........................................................297 
Solvency Capital Provisions .................................589 
SONIA Compounded Index ..................................294 
SONIA Fallback Provisions ..................................278 
SONIA Floating Rate ................................... 278, 292 
SONIA Index Fallback Provisions........................295 
SONIA Non Index Fallback Provisions ................294 
SONIA rate ...........................................................293 
SONIAi .................................................................293

--- Page 989 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
989 
SONIAi-5LBD ..........................................................293 
South African Banks Act ......................................214 
South African Companies Act, 2008 ....................214 
South African Exchange Control Regulations ......214 
Sovereign ...................................................... 589, 670 
Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation . 589, 
670 
Sovereign Succession Event .................................589 
Specified Accrual Cut-Off Date.................... 278, 325 
Specified Currency ....................................... 563, 660 
Specified Denomination .......................................278 
Specified Fixed Rate .............................................278 
Specified Note Valuation Date .............................278 
Specified Number ......................................... 589, 670 
Specified Time ......................................................278 
SPGRE .................................................................... xi 
Spread Cap Margin ....................................... 279, 328 
Spread Interest Rate ..............................................326 
Spread Notes ........................................... iii, 279, 287 
Spread Rate 1 ................................................ 279, 328 
Spread Rate 1 Interest Participation Rate ..... 279, 328 
Spread Rate 1 Margin ................................... 279, 328 
Spread Rate 2 ................................................ 279, 328 
Spread Rate 2 Interest Participation Rate ..... 279, 329 
Spread Rate 2 Margin ................................... 279, 329 
Spread Rate 3 ................................................ 279, 329 
Spread Rate 3 Interest Participation Rate ..... 279, 329 
Spread Rate 3 Margin ................................... 279, 329 
Spread Reference Rate ..........................................326 
SRD ......................................................................289 
SRD Fallback Provisions .............................. 279, 289 
SRO ......................................................................167 
SRO List ...............................................................589 
SRO Rules ............................................................167 
SRR .........................................................................33 
Standard Event Determination Date .....................589 
Standard Exercise Cut-off Date .................... 591, 650 
Standard Reference Obligation ..................... 167, 591 
Standard Specified Currency ........................ 591, 670 
Steps Plan .............................................................591 
Sterling.......................................................... xvi, 282 
Stockholm Banking Day .......................................279 
Subordinated Level ...............................................588 
Subordinated Obligation .......................................591 
Subordinated Reference Entity .............................591 
Subordination ................................................ 562, 660 
Subsidiary .............................................................373 
Substitute ...................................................... 279, 374 
Substitute Index Level ..........................................330 
Substitute or Successor Rate Event ............... 279, 346 
Substitute Reference Obligation ................... 591, 671 
Substitution Date ..................................................592 
Substitution Event .................................................592 
Substitution Event Date ................................ 592, 671 
Substitution Event Redemption Amount ...... 592, 671 
sub-unit .................................................................280 
succeeded ..............................................................593 
succession .............................................................593 
Succession Date ....................................................594 
Successor ...................................... 165, 592, 594, 672 
Successor Backstop Date ................ 67, 166, 593, 671 
successor corporation ............................................373 
Successor Index ....................................................332 
Successor Notice ........................................... 594, 672 
Successor Reference Entity ..................................690 
Successor Resolution Request Date .............. 594, 672 
Supplement [No.[●]] .............................................839 
Supplement [to the Base Prospectus .....................840 
Supplement [to the Base Prospectus] ....................698 
Supplement [to the Current Base Prospectus ........840 
Supplement [to the Current Base Prospectus] .......698 
Supplement No. [●] ...................................... 698, 840 
Supplements .................................................. 697, 839 
Supplements to the Base Prospectus ............. 698, 840 
Supplements to the Current Base Prospectus 698, 840 
Surviving Reference Entity Count ........................504 
Swap Rate ...............................................................59 
Swap Rates .............................................................59 
Swedish CSD Rules ..............................................250 
Swedish Indirect Noteholder ................................368 
Swedish Notes .............................................. viii, 280 
Swedish 
Notes 
Issuing 
and 
Paying 
Agency 
Agreement ............................................................250 
Swedish Notes Issuing and Paying Agent ............250 
Swedish Notes Register ................................ 179, 283 
Swedish Payment Day ..........................................280 
Swiss Stamp Duties ..............................................242 
Swiss WHT ...........................................................241 
TARGET Business Day ........................................280 
TARGET Settlement Day ............................. 594, 673 
TARGET2 System ................................................253 
Term SOFR ...........................................................354 
Terms and Conditions ...................................... ii, 248 
Tier 2 Subordinated Obligation ............................594 
Trade Date ............................................................280 
Traditional Subordinated Obligation ....................594

--- Page 990 ---
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
990 
Tranche ......................................................... 162, 248 
Tranche Size .........................................................594 
Transaction Auction Settlement Terms ........ 594, 673 
Transaction Type .......................................... 595, 673 
Transactions ........................................................ xviii 
Transfer Agent ......................................................249 
Transferable .................................................. 536, 645 
Transferable Deliverable Obligation Characteristics
 ..............................................................................574 
Treaty .....................................................xvi, 280, 281 
Trigger Percentage ................................................596 
U.S. dollars ................................................... xvi, 281 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day ... 281, 298 
U.S. person ...........................................................281 
U.S. Special Resolution Regime ...........................281 
U.S. Special Resolution Regimes ...........................31 
U.S.$ ............................................................. xvi, 281 
U.S.C. ...................................................................380 
UAE ........................................................................xx 
UCL 12 + Relevant Months Prior .........................335 
UCL Relevant Months Prior .................................335 
UK ................... vi, 195, 225, 280, 596, 674, 694, 836 
UK Benchmark Regulation .....................................49 
UK MiFIR ....................................................... vi, 196 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules ................ xvii 
UK PRIIPs Regulation ......................... xvii, 694, 836 
UK Prospectus Regulationvi, 196, 248, 694, 696, 836 
Ukraine Reference Entity......................................596 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement ...................354 
Unassignable Obligations ............................. 488, 618 
Undeliverable Assets .................................... 496, 596 
Undeliverable Deliverable Obligation .......... 490, 620 
Undeliverable Deliverable Obligations ......... 596, 674 
Undeliverable LA Cash Redemption Amount ......596 
Undeliverable Loan Obligations ................... 488, 618 
Undeliverable Obligations ............................ 487, 618 
Undeliverable Participations ......................... 488, 619 
Undelivered Deliverable Obligation490, 596, 620, 
674 
Underlying Finance Instrument ............................596 
Underlying Loan ...................................................596 
Underlying Obligation ..........................................596 
Underlying Obligor ....................................... 596, 674 
Underlying RMB Currency Event ........................280 
Underlying RMB Illiquidity ......................... 280, 596 
Underlying RMB Inconvertibility.........................280 
Underlying RMB Non-Transferability .................280 
unit ........................................................................371 
Universal Successor ........................ 67, 166, 593, 597 
Unlimited Share ....................................................134 
Unlimited Shareholder ..........................................134 
Unscheduled Holiday ............................................281 
Unwind Costs ............................................... 597, 674 
Upper Range ................................................. 281, 325 
Upper Range 1 .............................................. 281, 326 
Upper Range 2 .............................................. 281, 326 
Upper Range 3 .............................................. 281, 326 
USBD....................................................................298 
USD .............................................................. xvi, 281 
USD Benchmark ...................................................354 
USD LIBOR Fallback Provisions ................... 89, 348 
USD LIBOR SRD Fallback Provisions ................291 
USD SRD Fallback Provisions .............................281 
V% ................................................................ 281, 329 
Valuation Date .............................. 490, 597, 620, 674 
Valuation Method ......................... 490, 598, 620, 675 
Valuation Obligation .................................... 599, 676 
Valuation Obligations ...........................................404 
Valuation Roll .......................................................281 
Valuation Time ............................. 491, 599, 621, 676 
VAT ......................................................................244 
VAT Act ...............................................................244 
Venezuela Reference Entity ..................................599 
Venezuelan Covered Reference Entity .................599 
Venezuelan Order .................................................599 
voting power .........................................................374 
Voting Shares ............................................... 599, 676 
Weighted Average Final Price ..............................599 
x ............................................................................294 
y ............................................................................294 
Y1 .................................................................. 255, 256 
Y2 .................................................................. 255, 256 
Yen ............................................................... xvi, 281 
your currency ..........................................................39 
ZBD ......................................................................281 
Zero Coupon Notes ................................. iii, 281, 286 
Zurich Banking Day .............................................281

--- Page 991 ---
NAMES ADDRESSES AND ROLES 
991 
SECTION I – NAMES, ADDRESSES AND ROLES  
THE ISSUERS 
Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. 
Principal Office: 
388 Greenwich Street 
New York 
New York 10013 
United States 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Funding Luxembourg S.C.A. 
Registered Office: 
31 Z.A. Bourmicht 
L-8070 Bertrange 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
THE GUARANTOR IN RESPECT OF NOTES ISSUED BY CITIGROUP GLOBAL 
MARKETS HOLDINGS INC. 
Citigroup Inc. 
Principal Office: 
388 Greenwich Street 
New York 
New York 10013 
United States 
 
THE GUARANTOR IN RESPECT OF NOTES ISSUED BY CITIGROUP GLOBAL  
MARKETS FUNDING LUXEMBOURG S.C.A 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf 
London, E14 5LB 
England 
United Kingdom 
 
AUDITORS TO CITIGROUP INC. AND CGMHI 
KPMG LLP 
345 Park Avenue 
New York, NY 10154 
United States 
 
AUDITORS TO CGMFL 
KPMG Luxembourg S.à.r.l 
39, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg

--- Page 992 ---
NAMES ADDRESSES AND ROLES 
992 
AUDITORS TO CGML 
KPMG Audit Plc 
15 Canada Square 
London, E14 5GL 
United Kingdom 
 
FISCAL AGENT, PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, EXCHANGE  
AGENT AND (IF SO SPECIFIED IN THE APPLICABLE ISSUE TERMS) CALCULATION  
AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf 
London, E14 5LB 
England 
United Kingdom 
 
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT 
Citibank Europe plc 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE ARRANGER AS TO ENGLISH LAW 
Linklaters LLP 
1 Silk Street 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
United Kingdom 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE ARRANGER AS TO LUXEMBOURG LAW 
Linklaters LLP 
35 Avenue John F. Kennedy 
P.O. Box 1107 
L-1011 Luxembourg 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE ARRANGER AS TO UNITED STATES TAX LAW 
Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP 
450 Lexington Avenue 
New York, NY 10017 
United States

--- Page 993 ---
NAMES ADDRESSES AND ROLES 
A49380332 
ARRANGER AND DEALER AND (IF SO SPECIFIED IN THE APPLICABLE ISSUE TERMS) CALCULATION AGENT 
AND DETERMINATION AGENT 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square, Canary Wharf 
London, E14 5LB 
England 
United Kingdom 
 
DEALER AND (IF SO SPECIFIED IN THE APPLICABLE ISSUE TERMS) CALCULATION AGENT AND 
DETERMINATION AGENT 
Citigroup Global Markets Inc. 
388 Greenwich Street, 3rd Floor 
New York 
New York 10013 
United States 
 
DEALER 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
987